Investing  
in the future

Sustainability report 2022

Micron – Taiwan A3 Green Fab

Table of 
contents

Responsible sourcing 
Supply chain risk assessment 

Human & labor rights 

Responsible minerals 

Supplier environmental impact 

Supplier diversity 

People 
People and leader development  

Wellbeing & benefits  

Diversity, equality & inclusion 

Safety  

Communities 

Appendix 
GRI index  

SASB index 

TCFD index 

Performance at a glance 

31
33

35

36

37

38

39
41

45

47

50

53

55
56

69

71

73

Introduction 
A message from our CEO  

About Micron 

2021-2022 awards & recognitions 

Sustainability strategy  
Sustainability governance  

Opportunity & risk  

ESG issue prioritization  

Ethics & integrity  

Tax policy 

Sustainability & corporate finance 

Stakeholder engagement  

Global trade compliance 

Products & innovation 
Advancement of innovation 

Energy efficiency 

Platform & data protection 

3
4

5

5

7
8

9

10

11

12

13

14

16

17
19

20

21

Operations & environment  22
24
Goals & aspirations  

Greenhouse gas emissions & energy 

Water 

Hazardous & restricted substances 

Waste management  

Team member engagement  

25

27

28

29

30

Introduction

Micron – Boise, Idaho

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

A message from our CEO 

The events of the past few years have accelerated 
the focus on environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) matters. From the continued attention on health 
and safety during the pandemic to the increasing 
frequency of severe weather events and the protests for 
racial justice, corporations are being called on to take 
responsibility for their people, their actions and their 
impact on the world. 

Micron is no exception. We continue to see great 
opportunity for our company – and our employees – to 
not only define what the world can do with data, but 
also to define how we can use data to make the world 
better. We are committed to our vision: transforming 
how the world uses information to enrich life for all.  

We continue to believe that strong ESG practices 
contribute to better risk management and support  
long-term value creation. We recognize how sustainable 
product features can support revenue, how better risk 
management can support a lower cost of capital and 
how energy efficiency can support lower operating 
costs. And these are just a few examples.

Looking back on 2021 as well as our work in the first 
half of 2022, we are proud to report that Micron has 
made significant progress toward our ESG goals. We 
have done this across all three areas of ESG, including 
the following:

Environment 
 ▪ Net zero ambition: We recently announced a target 

to reach net-zero emissions from our operations and 
purchased energy by 2050. We aim to use 100% 
renewable energy in our U.S. operations by the end of 
2025 and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from 
our global operations by 42% by 20301.

 ▪ Environmental goals: We are mindful in how we 

consume energy, conserve water and manage waste. 
Micron has made significant strides in these areas. 
Most notably, we increased our waste recycle, reuse 
and recovery rate to 90%, bringing us closer to our 
goal of diverting 95% of the waste in our operations 
by the end of 2030. 

 ▪ Green construction: We are committed to designing 
and building new construction to meet or exceed 
LEED Gold standards. Our newest sites use advanced 
water-saving technologies and reduce waste. 

 ▪ Sustainable financing: Micron is a leader in 

sustainable financing. We exceeded our targets 
for greenhouse gas emissions intensity, waste 
diversion and Responsible Business Alliance audit 
performance, targets that were tied to nearly $3.7 
billion in sustainability-linked credit facilities issued in 
May 2021. We established a green bond framework 
in October 2021 and issued a $1 billion green bond in 
November to fund our environmental initiatives.

Social
 ▪ Diversity, equality and inclusion (DEI): We 

made tremendous strides towards our six DEI 
commitments, which we set in 2020. We have 
strengthened our culture of inclusion by proudly 
achieving comprehensive global pay equity for all 
underrepresented groups. Micron also continues to 
invest in diverse financial institutions and expand  
our sourcing from diverse suppliers. 

 ▪ Community giving: We believe in transforming the 
communities where our team members live, work, 
and play. We do this by promoting human potential 
through STEM education, supporting basic human 

needs and championing equitable opportunities  
for all. Last year, we met our goal of 60% team 
member participation in our giving programs, either 
through donations or volunteerism, and we have 
raised that goal to 65% for 2022.  

Governance
 ▪ Ethics: Micron was named as one of the world’s most 

ethical companies by Ethisphere, underlining our 
ongoing commitment to integrity.

 ▪ Responsible sourcing: We continued to enhance our 
responsible sourcing programs in 2021, maintaining 
a strong focus on responsible minerals sourcing and 
human and labor rights, while expanding our work on 
supplier diversity and climate performance.

In closing, I am proud of the progress Micron is making 
and the new targets we are striving toward. Our 
commitment to sustainable business practices and to 
our communities will make lasting progress and ensure 
we are helping build a better world together. 

We hope you enjoy reading our report, and we invite you 
to provide feedback about Micron’s sustainability efforts 
by emailing sustainability@micron.com.

Sanjay Mehrotra 
President and CEO, Micron Technology

4

142% reduction in emissions from 2020 emissions baseline.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTION  TABLE OF CONTENTS

About Micron

As a global leader in memory and storage solutions, 
Micron is transforming how the world uses information 
to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our 
customers, technology leadership, manufacturing and 
operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio  
of high-performance DRAM, NAND and NOR memory 
and storage products. Every day, the innovations that 
our people create fuel the data economy, enabling 
advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and 5G applications 
that unleash opportunities — from the data center to  
the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile 
user experience. 

Micron’s approximately 45,000 team members live 
our values: collaboration, customer focus, innovation, 
people and tenacity. We share a common goal to pursue 
technology and product innovation and manufacturing 
excellence for our customers, partners, communities 
and society. For more than 40 years and with more 
than 50,000 patents granted (and growing), Micron has 
nimbly delivered products that have helped transform 
how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

5

Founded on  
October 5, 1978

Headquartered in  
Boise, Idaho, USA

$27.7B

fiscal year 2021 
(FY21) annual  
revenue

~45,000

team members

127

on the 2022 
Fortune 500

50,000+

patents granted  
and growing

4th

largest semiconductor company 
in the world

Excluding IP/Software revenue

17

countries

11

18

manufacturing sites

customer labs

2021-2022 awards  
& recognition 

 ▪ World’s Most Ethical Companies (Ethisphere)

 ▪ Corporate Equality Index  
(Human Rights Campaign)

 ▪ Management Top 250 — Biggest gain in  

social responsibility score of listed companies 
(Drucker Institute)

 ▪ Great Place to Work® — All sites certified; Best 
Workplace lists in China, Germany, Italy, Japan, 
Singapore, Taiwan (Great Place to Work Institute)

 ▪ World’s Best Employers (Forbes)

 ▪ Designing the Difference  

(Global Semiconductor Alliance)

 ▪ Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America 

(S&P Global)

 ▪ Best Workplace for Disability Inclusion  

(Disability Equality Index)

 ▪ Platinum EcoVadis sustainability rating

 ▪ America’s Most Responsible  

Companies (Newsweek)

 ▪ 100 Best U.S. Corporate Citizens (3BL Media)

 ▪ Carbon Clean 200 (Corporate Knights and As 

You Sow)

 ▪ 100 Most Sustainable Companies (Barron’s)

 ▪ National Enterprise Environmental Protection 

Award (Taiwan EPA)

 ▪ Caring and Concerned Employer (Malaysia)

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022INTRODUCTIONSustainability 
strategy

Micron – Singapore

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Sustainability strategy  
Micron is committed to  
enriching life for all through 
technology innovation while 
staying true to our core philosophy 
of conducting business with 
uncompromising integrity.

Sustainability at Micron ties directly to our company’s 
vision, mission and values. We are mindful that our 
business, operations and sourcing practices affect our 
team members, our customers, our communities and 
our planet. We continuously seek to challenge and 
strengthen our sustainability strategy, which focuses  
on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) 
impacts associated with our industry-leading products; 
our operations and sourcing; and our interactions with 
team members and communities. 

Our sustainability strategy is supported by  
effective governance management and stakeholder 
engagement. We focus on initiatives that drive 
stakeholder value, establishing goals and delivering  
on them with transparency.

7

Micron – Taichung, Taiwan

Vision
Transforming how the world uses 
information to enrich life for all

Mission
Be a global leader in memory and 
storage solutions

Values

People 
We care about 
each other

Innovation 
We develop 
solutions that shape 
the world’s future

Customer Focus 
We win by knowing 
our customers

Tenacity 
Nothing shakes 
our resolve

Collaboration 
We work as 
one team

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Sustainability governance 
Sustainability is essential to  
our business practices and 
corporate strategy.

Micron’s commitment to sustainability encourages a 
proactive approach toward mitigating our impact on 
the environment, bolstering our team members and 
the communities in which they live, respecting human 
rights, driving transparency and accountability in our 
supply chain, and developing innovative products that 
support a sustainable future.

ESG issues in Micron’s supply chains, operations 
and products are overseen by a cross-functional 
sustainability council made up of Micron senior leaders 
representing a range of functions. The sustainability 
council is guided by a dedicated sustainability team 
that works closely with Micron functions to accomplish 
the following activities:

 ▪ Identify priority and emerging ESG issues

 ▪ Define our strategy to address priority issues

 ▪ Integrate sustainability practices and innovation into 

key areas of the company

 ▪ Engage, build relationships and exchange information 

with key stakeholders

8

Sustainability is managed throughout the company, 
with operational teams and councils across the 
company taking ownership of individual ESG matters, 
conducting due diligence and engaging with relevant 
stakeholders. These functions coordinate with the 
sustainability team and are represented on the 
sustainability council, with oversight extending to 
senior executives and, at the highest level, to the 
Micron board of directors. 

Micron’s board of directors — supported by the 
standing governance and sustainability committee 
and other committees as needed — oversees 
and monitors the development and integration of 
Micron’s sustainability strategy and regularly reviews 
sustainability performance. Board oversight includes 
material ESG trends and related long- and short-
term effects of Micron’s operations, supply chains 
and products, as well as the company’s activities 
and annual public reporting on these topics. The 
governance and sustainability committee reviews 
and discusses ESG issues periodically and the audit 
committee regularly reviews ESG reporting processes.

Micron applies sustainability performance metrics as 
a component to determine variable compensation 
for executives and team members throughout the 
company. These metrics consider progress toward the 
annual targets for our environmental programs and DEI 
initiatives and reflect our intention to hold ourselves 
accountable to our sustainability commitments at the 
highest levels. 

Sustainability governance structure

Board of Directors

Governance and Sustainability Committee

CEO

Executive Oversight

Senior Leaders From Global Manufacturing, Business Units, Sales, 
Assembly & Test, Finance, Quality, Procurement, Global Supply 
Chain, Corporate Strategy, Legal, HR, Technology & Products, and IT

Sustainability Council

Representatives From 
Manufacturing, Environment 
Health & Safety, Strategy, 
 Technology & Products, HR, 
Supply Chain, Sales, Micron 
Foundation, Procurement, 
Investor Relations, Legal, 
Diversity Equality & 
Inclusion, Risk & Resilience, 
Communications and Finance

Sustainability 
Organization

Senior VP Global  
Front-End Operations, 
Director of Sustainability, 
Program Managers

Roles:

Roles:

 ▪ Oversee sustainability strategy

 ▪ Facilitate corporate sustainability 

 ▪ Monitor performance

 ▪ Serve as sustainability  

champions and experts within  
their organizations

strategy and integration

 ▪ Drive transparency and engagement 

with key stakeholders

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Opportunity & risk 
Integrating sustainability into our 
business is strategically important, 
assisting Micron to both capitalize 
on opportunities and better 
manage risks. 

Conducting our business with integrity and in a  
socially responsible manner in the communities where 
we live and work is consistent with our corporate 
values. Sustainability is a differentiator when recruiting 
high-potential employees in a competitive talent 
market, helping to increase team member engagement, 
satisfaction and productivity. Natural resource 
conservation and waste reduction also make us a 
more disciplined and efficient operation, which can 
directly benefit our bottom line. In addition, strong ESG 
programs enhance our relationships with customers, 
suppliers and investors. 

While working to realize these opportunities, we focus 
on identifying, assessing, quantifying and managing 
ESG-related risks. Micron’s supply chains, operations 
and markets face a variety of risks including extreme 
weather events, global pandemics, geopolitical risks, 
labor unrest, materials availability, regulations related to 
topics such as climate change or responsible sourcing, 
customer requirements, product responsibility, and 
talent attraction and retention. 

We seek to better understand and address these 
risks through collaboration among our sustainability, 
environment, health and safety (EHS) and responsible 
sourcing programs, along with our various risk 

9

management organizations. Our enterprise risk 
management (ERM) program, overseen by the 
Micron board of directors, is a unified approach for 
understanding risks and making informed business 
decisions. This program helps us address future 
events that create uncertainty and respond in an 
efficient and effective manner. It also facilitates prompt 
action to mitigate identified risks and embeds risk 
management into our culture, improving decision-
making in governance, strategy, objective-setting and 
daily operations. We meet our objectives in this area by 
providing tools and knowledge, fostering open global 
communication and monitoring continuously. Micron 
has a network of risk management functions operating 
across the company, including EHS, IT, business 
continuity, global quality management, and enterprise 
risk management (ERM).

Our ERM organization accumulates key risk information 
from the executive risk committee, comprising select 
company executives, along with risk assessments 
performed by other teams. These results are regularly 
presented to the executive risk committee, the audit 
committee of the board of directors, and Micron’s full 
board of directors for consideration.

More details about Micron’s risk assessment and 
mitigation measures can be found in the company’s 
2021 proxy statement, and more information about  
the company’s risk factors can be found in the  
“Risk Factors” section of the company’s annual or 
quarterly reports.

Strong ESG 
programs enhance 
our relationships with 
customers, suppliers 
and investors.

Micron – Singapore

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

ESG issue 
prioritization 
Micron’s sustainability team  
and council periodically review  
the company’s environmental, 
social and governance priorities  
to inform our strategy, actions  
and disclosures. 

Micron conducts a full assessment on a three-year 
cycle and reviews priorities annually to ensure that the 
issues of greatest significance to our stakeholders and 
our business are reflected in company sustainability 
initiatives, goals and reporting. We completed our most 
recent assessment in 2021.

Assessments begin with a review and update of the ESG 
issues that may affect the company’s business and have 
significant impacts. After revising the list of issues, we 
consider the existing and potential environmental and 
social impacts that Micron may have on each issue, their 
likelihood, and extent and level of attribution to Micron, as 
well as the potential impact on Micron’s business. Using 
this evaluation, issues are placed in a matrix.

Key inputs for the 2021 process included targets  
and indicators used by the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals, the Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board (SASB) semiconductor industry and other 
reporting standards, industry reports and assessments, 
customer and investor surveys and evaluations, company 
risk reviews and other internal documents, and feedback 
from key internal and external stakeholders. 

10

Issue categories:

  Governance

  Social

  Environmental

2021 ESG issue prioritization

Higher

 Higher sustainability impact 
 Lower business impact

 Higher sustainability impact 
 Higher business impact

y
t
i
l
i

i

b
a
n
a
t
s
u
s
n
o
t
c
a
p
m

i

n
o
r
c
M

i

l

a
i
t
n
e
t
o
P

  Responsible sales

  Human & labor rights

  Waste & circularity

  Hazardous materials

  Air quality

  Responsible sourcing

  Workforce health, safety & wellbeing

  Diversity, equality & inclusion

  Team member development  

     & engagement

  Data protection & privacy

  Climate & energy

  Water

 Lower sustainability impact 
 Lower business impact

 Lower sustainability impact 
 Higher business impact

  Transparency, accountability & reporting

  Philanthropy & volunteerism

  Community relations

  Tech influence on sustainability

  Biodiversity

  Government relations

  Corporate governance

  Ethical conduct

  Product use & integrity

  Operations & facility management

Lower

Potential issue impact on Micron’s business success

Higher

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
 
 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Ethics & integrity 
Integrity is a foundational  
principle that underlies Micron’s 
corporate values and our 
approach to doing business. 

Integrity comes ahead of business results, and Micron 
will not compromise integrity in favor of any business 
action, result or relationship. Our chief executive officer 
and senior management regularly communicate the 
importance of ethics and integrity to all team members. 

Micron’s General Counsel and Chief Compliance  
Officer is responsible for overseeing the compliance 
program. He has a reporting relationship to our board’s 
audit committee, reinforcing the independence of the 
function. Micron’s Vice President, compliance and 
ethics, has strategic responsibility for the compliance 
and ethics program.

Integrity Matters: The Micron Code of Business  
Conduct and Ethics — based on our values and 
approved by the board of directors —summarizes the 
laws and ethical principles that apply to our work and 
provides guidance on how to make choices that place 
integrity before business results. Because this Code 
applies to all directors, officers and team members 
worldwide, it is published in seven languages and 
available to the public on our website.

11

Team members receive annual training and  
certify that they have read, understood and will  
comply with the code. In fiscal year 2021 (FY21),  
93% of our team members were in compliance with  
the business conduct and ethics training and 
certification requirements. 

Guarding against corruption

In keeping with Micron’s commitment to conduct 
business with integrity, Micron’s anti-corruption policy 
prohibits bribery in any form. The policy is available  
to all team members and has been translated into  
seven languages.

Micron is a member of the Responsible Business 
Alliance (RBA), a group of leading companies focused 
on promoting responsible working conditions, ethical 
business practices and environmental stewardship 
throughout the global supply chain. Micron 
communicates our ethical requirements to suppliers 
through a set of Responsible Sourcing links on our 
sustainability webpage. Micron adheres to — and 
expects our suppliers to implement — the RBA Code of 
Conduct, which requires participants to adopt a zero-
tolerance policy on bribery, corruption, extortion and 
embezzlement, as well as other responsible policies.

Encouraging people to speak up 

Micron promotes a “speak up” culture and strictly 
prohibits retaliation. The audit committee of the board 
of directors receives regular updates on the compliance 
and ethics function, key compliance metrics and 
significant investigations.

We maintain multiple channels for team members and 
third parties to report concerns or ask questions about 
our policies. Team members and external third parties 
can use our compliance helpline to report concerns 
anonymously (as permitted by applicable law). The 
helpline is operated by a third party, available 24/7 and 
accessible in all languages commonly used at Micron. 
The compliance and ethics team is responsible for 
responding to and, where appropriate, investigating 
concerns raised through the helpline. 

Results of key investigations are anonymized and shared 
with team members through periodic communications 
called Integrity Alerts. These alerts discuss real-
life issues and corrective actions taken by Micron, 
demonstrating to team members that speaking up and 
raising concerns leads to meaningful action. They also 
provide another method to reinforce proper handling of 
common integrity questions.

“From governance 

to compliance, our 
commitment to integrity 
is infused in all of our 
business practices.  
This discipline is what 
earns us the trust of 
Micron’s shareholders, 
regulators, customers, 
partners and suppliers, 
and we will continue  
with a razor-like focus  
on operating according 
to the strongest code  
of ethics.”  

Rob Beard
Senior vice president, general  
counsel, corporate secretary and  
chief compliance officer

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Tax policy
Micron’s vision and commitment to 
integrity guide our actions related 
to taxation. 

Meeting our tax obligations, directly and through our 
affiliated entities, in every country where we operate is 
one of the ways we fulfill our responsibilities to society. 

Monitoring tax laws & risk 

Micron supports tax policies — at the U.S. and 
international levels — that recognize our industry and 
its place in the global marketplace and that promote 
growth in a predictable and transparent manner. We 
are committed to complying fully with all relevant tax 
laws and regulations, filing all required tax returns and 
disclosing all relevant facts and circumstances. We 
employ an appropriately qualified and experienced  
tax team as an integral part of the broader finance 
function reporting to our chief financial officer. Our tax 
team proactively manages, reviews and reports on 
various direct and indirect local country taxes. These 
responsibilities include identifying implications from  
new tax legislation and policies and from changes  
in our business. 

Given the nature of our business, risks inevitably arise 
from tax laws that are complex or uncertain. When 
it’s unclear how a tax law affects transactions or 
commercial situations, we seek professional advice 
to ensure the integrity of our tax filing and compliance 
duties worldwide. In addition, our board of directors’ 
audit committee receives periodic updates on significant 
changes in tax legislation that may affect our business, 
as well as details of relevant tax audits or disputes. 

Interacting with tax authorities

Micron is committed to fostering positive, transparent 
and respectful relationships with tax authorities in the 
jurisdictions where we operate. We work collaboratively 
with tax authorities to address inquiries, and we 
resolve any differences through timely and transparent 
discussions or, if necessary, through established 
channels for dispute resolution. 

12

Micron – Avezzano, Italy

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Sustainability & corporate finance
Micron understands that 
sustainability and business 
success should go hand in hand. 
These priorities can be integrated 
in innovative ways.

Launching a green bond

 ▪ Waste diversion rate: 90%

(CY21 vs. CY18)

 ▪ Greenhouse gas intensity: 40% improvement  

In October 2021, Micron published a green bond 
framework — aligned with the globally recognized Green 
Bond Principles — and subsequently issued a $1 billion 
green bond in November. This issuance was among 

Micron took several strategic steps in 2021 to  
integrate the company’s corporate finance and 
sustainability initiatives. Complementing our DEI  
goal to have a percentage of the company’s capital 
investments managed by diverse firms, we tied nearly 
$5 billion in company financing to our ESG programs 
through sustainability-linked credit facilities and a  
green bond offering. Without sacrificing financial 
flexibility, these efforts support impact while lowering 
costs to Micron.

Linking credit with  
sustainability performance

In May 2021, Micron refinanced nearly $3.7 billion  
in credit facilities, tying the interest rates to specific  
ESG performance metrics in line with the company’s 
public goals and commitments. At issuance, this 
transaction positioned Micron as a top-five corporate 
sustainability-linked credit issuer in the U.S. We are 
pleased to report that we have achieved these calendar 
year 2021 (CY21) milestones in connection with our 
sustainability-linked credit:

 ▪ RBA average facility audit score: 193.2 of possible 

200, as of Dec. 31, 2021

13

Micron – Singapore

the largest green bond offerings in the semiconductor 
industry at the time, and several nationally recognized 
minority and women-owned firms participated in the 
issuance process. Resulting funds are being allocated 
to support the company’s public commitments to long-
term environmental performance and the construction of 
Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) 
Gold buildings. We expect to provide allocation details 
in the company’s first green bond report later this year.

Calendar year  
2021 milestones

RBA average facility audit score
(as of Dec. 31, 2021)

193.2

/ 200

Waste diversion rate*

90%

* Includes energy recovery

Greenhouse gas intensity

40%

improvement  
(CY21 vs. CY18)

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Stakeholder engagement 
Micron takes measures to 
understand our local influence and 
the effect of our operations, supply 
chains and products on people, 
the environment and society.  

For these reasons, our sales executives, account 
managers and sustainability leaders work closely 
with our customers to share information about our 
sustainability efforts and performance, drive action  
and build trust.

Communicating with our investors

Micron regularly discusses our corporate ESG 
performance with the investment community, and in 
turn, our ESG disclosures evolve based on investor 
feedback. We have engaged with SASB to assist these 
efforts, joining the SASB Standards Advisory Group and 
issuing a sustainability reporting index aligned with the 
SASB semiconductor industry standard.

Micron has also forged strategic relationships with 
lenders on sustainability performance. In addition to 
closing on the $1 billion green bond in 2021, Micron 
also announced sustainability-linked credit instruments 
of nearly $3.7 billion, with rates tied to verified and 
reported progress for three sustainability-related 
performance indicators. 

Stakeholders, both inside and outside the company, 
drive our business success. To understand how we 
affect these stakeholders and to inform our decisions, 
we partner with a range of organizations. Throughout 
our global operations, we engage with key stakeholders 
based on their material relationship to our operational 
success and on our potential to affect them through our 
operations. This dialogue occurs at the local, subsidiary 
and corporate levels. 

Working with customers

Our customers are increasingly focused on the  
ESG performance of their suppliers, including  
Micron. Many customers use sustainability as one of 
their criteria for evaluating Micron’s overall performance 
as part of the management of their own supply chain 
and reputation risks. In their assessments, they look 
at transparency, risk management, environmental and 
social performance, responsible sourcing and related 
topics. Customers include this information in their 
supplier performance evaluations and purchasing 
decisions, alongside quality, delivery, technology  
and service. 

14

Micron – Hiroshima, Japan

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Engaging with governments  
& policymakers

Every day, governments around the world  
make decisions that influence Micron’s strategies, 
investments, operations, team members and 
communities. As a global company, we recognize  
the importance of participating in the political process 
and providing input on policies important to Micron’s 
business interests and values. 

To that end, Micron engages at all levels of  
government around the world, working closely with 
officials to promote policies that bring global innovation 
to our communities and the world in a responsible 
way. We participate in public policy discussions with 
officials through education, advocacy campaigns and 
partnerships with various coalitions, industry groups 
and trade associations. In doing so, Micron is governed 
by all applicable laws and regulations that oversee 
interactions with government officials, as well as by our 
own high standards of ethical conduct.

Supporting team members, 
communities & suppliers

Team members, the communities where we live and 
work and our suppliers are vital to our operations. These 
stakeholder groups are covered in detail in the People, 
Communities, and Responsible sourcing sections. 

15

Who we engage

Team members

Customers 
and industry 
organizations

Shareholders

Suppliers

Communities

 ▪ Ongoing supervisor interactions 
 ▪ Meetings hosted by senior leaders 
 ▪ Employee engagement surveys
 ▪ Compliance hotline for reporting concerns 

 ▪ Regular meetings between customers and  
sales team executives, account managers  
and sustainability leaders

 ▪ Customer requirement documents 
 ▪ Membership in industry organizations 

 ▪ Investor relations webpage
 ▪ Annual shareholder meeting 
 ▪ Quarterly financial calls
 ▪ Periodic investor presentations 
 ▪ Investor conferences and meetings
 ▪ Annual report and sustainability report

 ▪ Compliance hotline for reporting concerns 
 ▪ Supplier performance reviews
 ▪ Labor practice audits and code of  

conduct compliance

 ▪ Supplier portal containing expectations  

and requirements in conduct  
and responsible sourcing 

 ▪ Grants, programs and volunteers focused  
on promoting human potential through  
STEM education, basic human needs and 
equitable opportunity

 ▪ Local, regional and national STEM  

education conversations 

How we engage

What the engagement creates

 ▪ Intranet with global and local content
 ▪ Employee resource groups
 ▪ Global town halls

A culture in which all team members 
contribute to our success 

 ▪ Customer scorecards and performance 

evaluations related to RBA code 
compliance, transparency, risk 
management, environmental and social 
performance, responsible sourcing and 
other topics

Understanding of our performance 
from our customers’ perspectives, 
industry consensus on social  
and environmental issues and 
customer trust

 ▪ Issuance of a SASB index and 

participation in the SASB Standards  
Advisory Group 
 ▪ Regulatory filings
 ▪ Press releases 
 ▪ Emails

 ▪ RBA membership and committees
 ▪ Training
 ▪ Risk profiling and event monitoring  

of mapped suppliers

 ▪ Supplier summits

 ▪ STEM outreach through virtual 
programming and in-person  
programs when possible

 ▪ Team member volunteerism and  

matching gifts globally

Transparency and fulfillment of the 
needs of our shareholders and the 
investor and analyst communities as 
they increasingly focus on corporate 
ESG performance

Open dialogue about our 
expectations with respect to  
social and environmental criteria

Stronger communities, relationships, 
equitable opportunities and 
shared value between Micron and 
organizations around the world, 
emphasizing the communities where 
our team members live and work  

Engagement with policymaking that 
governs and affects our strategies, 
investments, operations, team 
members and communities

Policymakers

 ▪ Direct and indirect lobbying 
 ▪ Political contributions 

 ▪ Involvement in industry and  

trade associations

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Global trade compliance

Micron recognizes a new dimension is gaining  
global importance in the world of trade: sustainability. 
Concerns and regulations stem from sustainability, 
potentially affecting all aspects of global trade,  
including the workforce, raw materials, product 
lifecycles, business partners and suppliers. 

As a responsible citizen in the global marketplace, 
Micron is committed to adhering to all laws and 
regulations that relate to export controls and trade 
compliance. Micron requires its team members and 
representatives to conduct business with vigilance, 
implementing mandatory sustainability requirements 
into our trade compliance framework. We also mandate 
compliance with export controls, import controls 
and customs requirements, economic sanctions and 
embargoes, and anti-boycott laws and regulations.

To achieve these objectives, Micron’s trade compliance 
program includes the following:

 ▪ The commitment and support of our leadership  

for implementing and executing a robust  
compliance program

 ▪ Tracking of regulatory trends that influence 
environmental, social and governance goals

 ▪ Policies and protocols to ensure team members and 
management are informed and trained on the latest 
applicable trade compliance regulations

 ▪ Continued awareness of the rapid and  

dynamic changes in geopolitical situations  
and corresponding trade policy

 ▪ Risk assessments and oversight to consistently 
evaluate and strengthen our compliance posture 

 ▪ Internal systems and processes to effectively  

manage international operations, personnel and  
third-party relationships

 ▪ Protocols for adequate compliance recordkeeping  

and reporting

 ▪ Internal reporting channels and corrective action plans 

for suspected violations

 ▪ Global free trade agreements, authorized economic 
operators and export processing zones, the use of 
which have far-reaching significance for sustainability

 ▪ Enhanced due diligence requirements for  

business partners

 ▪ Investigations into forced labor in foreign supply 
chains, and prevention of imports made using  
forced labor

 ▪ Screening of businesses on the U.S. Department of 
Commerce’s Entity List for reasons of human rights 
abuses in all regions

 ▪  Associated trade language in suppliers’ codes 
of conduct, training, on-site inspections, self-
assessment questionnaires and supplier rankings 

 ▪ Use of various denied-party screening systems and 

methods, and vetting of contractors and third parties 
and associated transactions  

Adhering to trade compliance laws and regulations 
is vital for protecting the safety and security of the 
countries in which Micron operates and for keeping our 
products, technology and software out of the hands 
of people and organizations that seek to do harm. 
As a global company, Micron’s commitment to trade 
compliance initiatives ensures seamless support for 
our major objectives, achievement of our key business 
strategies and delivery of excellence for our customers. 

Our compliance team has responded quickly to fully 
comply with evolving export control laws resulting from 
rapid and dynamic changes in geopolitical situations 
and the resulting shifts in trade policy. Market insights 
and resulting risk management related to evolving 
sustainability requirements across our supply chain 
continue to be a significant element of our overall  
global trade compliance program.

16

Micron – San Jose, California

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022SUSTAINABILITY STRATEGY 
Products &  
innovation

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Micron’s solutions are at the heart of countless 
digital devices, turning data into intelligence with 
unprecedented speed to enrich life for all.

All modern computing hardware depends on shared 
underlying technology — semiconductor memory and 
storage — to access and store data. Micron, the only 
U.S.-based manufacturer of memory and one of the 
world’s largest semiconductor manufacturers, delivers 
a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND, 
NOR, high-bandwidth memory and multichip package 
solutions, and we work closely with customers to create 
specialized memory and storage architectures. As a 
leader in the semiconductor industry for more than 40 
years, we have taken part in every stage of the evolution 
of these vital technologies.

Micron’s rapid advancements in memory and storage 
have expanded the availability and applications for 
these products and helped unlock innovations that will 
enhance the future. A new generation of technologies 
— including AI, 5G networks, precision medicine, the 
internet of things (IoT), cloud computing and connected 
and autonomous vehicles - rely on memory and storage. 
As these and other innovations enter the mainstream 
and the need to analyze, access and act on data grows, 
demand for Micron’s products will continue to increase.

For example, to keep up with their data-processing 
demands, autonomous vehicles are becoming virtual 
data centers on wheels. Technologies like vehicle-to-
everything communication and digital radar makes 
it easier for connected and autonomous vehicles to 
understand and react to their surroundings. But they 
also demand a constant, reliable flow of data with the 

goal of no breaks in communication. As the world leader 
in automotive memory, Micron is enabling the rapid 
pace of development in this emerging industry — and  
ensuring that our components are safe and secure.  

After 30 years supporting the automotive market on 
the road, Micron solutions are now taking to the skies. 
Urban air mobility (UAM) innovations are beginning to 
make autonomous, on-demand and electric flight a 
reality. Through an investment in and collaboration with 
Volocopter, a UAM pioneer, Micron is gaining insight into 
next-generation air taxi products that will depend on our 
solutions and helping the world push the boundaries of 
what technology can deliver. 

Given the growing demand for Micron’s products in a 
wide variety of applications, we continue to invest in 
research to offer higher capacity, greater security, faster 
data transfer rates, lower power consumption, increased 
energy and material efficiency, and improved reliability. 
In 2021, we announced plans to invest more than $150 
billion globally over the next decade in leading-edge 
memory manufacturing, research and development, 
including potential U.S. fab expansion. We will invest  
in extreme ultraviolet lithography, a process that allows 
for the production of ever-smaller chip features. We also 
announced in 2021 our plans to open a new memory 
design center in Atlanta, Ga., creating up to 500 jobs  
in this growing technology and talent hub in  
the southeastern United States.

18

Micron products at a glance

Compute DRAM
DDR5: enabling the next generation 
of data-intensive workloads

1α DRAM: world’s most advanced 
DRAM process technology

Solid-state drives
SSDs: world’s first SSDs based 
on industry-leading 176-layer 3D 
NAND with CMOS under Array

Low-power memory  
and storage
LPDDR5: the first mass-produced,  
low-power DRAM for smartphones

Auto- and industrial-  
grade solutions
UFS 3.1: world’s first auto-qualified 
UFS 3.1 storage

3D NAND: world’s first 176-layer 
NAND in mobile storage

Authenta™: Flash-based  
security-as-a-service platform

High-bandwidth in  
package memory
HBM2E: highest-bandwidth solutions 
for AI training and HPC workloads

High-bandwidth  
graphics memory
GDDR6X: industry’s highest-bandwidth 
memory for graphics and AI inference

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PRODUCTS & INNOVATION  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Advancement of innovation
As we invest in the future by 
deepening our existing memory 
and storage capabilities, we are 
also exploring new ways to unlock 
innovation within Micron and 
across our industry.  

We are also investing in technologies that can 
improve sustainability in our own operations. Aqua 
Membranes, a clean tech startup, has invented 
3D-printed technology that can be placed in water 
filtration systems to optimize flow patterns and reduce 
energy consumption in industrial applications, including 
semiconductor manufacturing. We’re currently piloting 
this technology at our Boise facility.

Investing in startups

Most successful technology companies began as 
startups. Small teams nurture big ideas into proven 
concepts and, eventually, into viable products or 
services. But due to risk inherent in the process, limited 
venture capital and other factors, most startups fail. That 
means many transformative technologies never have the 
chance to go to market. 

With our Micron Ventures organization, we are helping 
more startups succeed. To date, we have invested $100 
million in several startups that show promise in the 
following categories: the Fourth Industrial Revolution, 
mobility, health care and agriculture. A few examples 
include DayTwo, which combines microbiome data 
with AI to manage chronic metabolic conditions, like 
diabetes and clinical obesity, through food; Iterative 
Scopes, which brings cutting-edge precision medicine 
to the practice of gastroenterology; and Taranis, a 
crop intelligence platform that protects crops and also 
combines AI-powered remote sensing technology for 
soil carbon verification in row crops. 

In partnership with SEMI, the industry association 
representing the electronics manufacturing and design 
supply chain, Micron Ventures came up with the 
idea and launched a pitch event called Startups for 
Semiconductor Sustainability in 2021. SEMI member 
companies, including Micron and eight of our peers, 
sought startups that were developing technologies to 
make semiconductor manufacturing more efficient in 
three areas: 

 ▪ Energy efficiency at the tool, manufacturing process 

and supply chain levels

 ▪ Water efficiency, reclamation, reuse and restoration

 ▪ Alternative chemistries for wafer processing, materials 

recycling and waste stream abatement 

Semifinalists were selected from a pool of 58 applicants 
and paired with industry experts as advisors. Ultimately, 
nine finalists participated in a final industry-wide pitch 
event, gaining valuable exposure to industry experts 
and potential funders. Micron Ventures will continue 
to engage with the finalists on potential investments, 
collaborations and proofs of concept.

19

Fostering growth

Incubation @ Micron, an “intrapreneurship” program 
launched in 2021, encourages team members to 
contribute to Micron’s growth objectives. Interested 
team members can submit ideas that are adjacent to 
our core businesses. If their ideas are viable, creators 
receive capital, resources and mentorship to support 
them as they work to develop, commercialize and scale 
their concepts. Currently, we have 24 team-member-
submitted ideas in the pipeline, with five ideas in 
advanced stages. As this program grows, we may add 
guest speakers, innovation workshops and an internal 
business plan competition to further cultivate a spirit  
of intrapreneurship.

Other programs within Incubation @ Micron are our 
deep learning accelerators (DLAs) and our Authenta™ 
initiative to enhance IT platform security. Through  
DLAs, we partner with customers on AI applications  
that will create the technological capabilities of the 
future and address environmental and social issues. 
Micron’s Authenta technology provides an extra layer  
of defense to IoT platforms without adding components. 
This unique security solution has increased Micron’s 
value as a memory provider for connected devices 
across industries.

y
g
r
e
n
E

r
e
t
a
W

l

s
a
i
r
e
t
a
M

Startups for  
Semiconductor Sustainability

Micron is partnering with peers and startups to 
identify solutions to come of the biggest industry 
challenges in energy, water and materials.

Finalist

Tech/value prop

Energy analytics 
and efficiency 
recommendations

On-site hydrogen 
production from 
renewables

More efficient  
electric motors

New water membrane  
for metal recapture

Efficient water capture  
from cooling towers

Sensor platform  
to support digital  
water treatment

Novel spectroscopy for  
in-line molecular analysis

Computational chemistry 
discovery platform

Ultrafast 3D assembly  
of mixed nanomaterials

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PRODUCTS & INNOVATION 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Energy efficiency
Micron is driving rapid 
improvements in the power 
requirements, performance and 
size of each successive generation 
of chips, which enhances the 
value and capability of the 
electronics used by people  
around the world.

Advancements in Micron’s technology help to meet 
power efficiency needs in AI and the IoT and for our 
cloud computing customers and the world at large. 
Efficiency is both an important customer requirement 
that results in, for example, improved battery life 
and reduced heat output and a means of addressing 
the environmental consequences of increasing 
computational demands. Data centers alone use  
about 1% of global electricity, much of which comes 
from fossil fuel sources contributing to climate change. 
With the volume of data produced and organized 
projected to grow significantly in the coming years, 
product efficiency will continue to play an important  
role in Micron’s efforts to address the influence of 
technology on the environment.

For example, we are working to make each generation 
of our memory solutions for data center servers do more 
with less energy per bit. Transitioning from DDR4 to 
DDR5 products, which will take place over the next  

few years, is expected to reduce DRAM power 
consumption per bit by approximately 14% at 
introduction, creating efficiencies that will ultimately 
lower costs for data center customers. Similarly, as 
the need for greater computing and data-processing 
capabilities on handheld devices grows, these devices 
cannot trade energy efficiency for performance. Micron 
announced the world’s most advanced 1α (1-alpha) 
DRAM process technology in early 2021 and is now 
shipping LPDDR4X memory chips, fabricated using 
1α, to be built into mobile phones. Our 1α mobile 
DRAM uses an impressive 20% less power than its 
predecessor, which translates to about an extra hour  
of battery life in a modern smart phone. 

We collaborate with customers to deliver memory and 
storage products that meet increased expectations for 
energy efficiency. Micron’s system power calculators are 
online tools that allow customers to estimate memory 
power use when they make system architecture and 
design decisions.

Micron’s products also enable automation and  
efficiency across sectors — from industrial applications 
to transportation and even in our own operations. Our 
industrial memory solutions, including embedded AI 
accelerators and local storage, make it possible for 
industrial IoT edge infrastructure to collect, process  
and share data that increases energy efficiency and 
reduces waste.

20

Micron – Boise, Idaho

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PRODUCTS & INNOVATION  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Platform & data protection
A steadfast commitment to 
cybersecurity is one important 
way that we earn and keep our 
customers’ trust. 

Micron faces the unpredictability and threat of 
cyberattacks by leveraging the National Institute of 
Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework, 
making sure our workforce is trained and ready for 
disruptions. We provide transparency about our privacy 
practices and help our customers understand the 
choices they have regarding their privacy rights and 
personal information.

Specific areas of growing risk and vulnerability are IoT 
and industrial IoT. What began as a means of machine-
to-machine communication has evolved into a complex 
system of millions of connected devices worldwide, 
each of which represents a possible attack point within 
a network. Micron’s innovation today focuses not only 
on storage solutions for vast amounts of new data, 
but also on security for these IoT devices. The threat 
of enterprise cyberattacks is far-reaching, given the 
potential vulnerability and proliferation of embedded 
systems found in everything from automated equipment 
in factories to automobiles and to smart home devices.

Safety and security are particularly critical in the 
automotive sector, where driver and pedestrian safety 
is at stake and where memory and storage solutions 
are vital to enabling safe and efficient connected, 
autonomous and electric vehicles. As the world leader in 
automotive memory and storage, Micron is committed 

to ensuring not just the cybersecurity of our products, 
but also their functional safety. Functional safety works 
to overcome the imperfection of electronic systems 
and inherent failure rate of components. Multiple 
Micron teams address functional safety, including a 
dedicated functional safety office staffed with industry 
safety veterans and experts, system architects and 
applications engineers for collaboration support.

Micron has adopted industry standards for automotive 
safety, such as the ISO 26262 standard for the functional 
safety of road vehicles and the ISO 21434 standard 
pertaining to autonomous vehicle cybersecurity. We 
require suppliers to perform hardware evaluation 
reports, conduct our own functional safety analyses 
and provide collateral to customers so they can 
perform safety analyses of their own. In 2021, Micron 
announced the industry’s first low-power memory 
qualified for automotive safety applications, the first in a 
new portfolio of memory and storage products targeted 
specifically for automotive functional safety. While this 
work focuses on our automotive business, the extra 
rigor required to ensure safe processes and practices 
will ultimately benefit all product lines, enhancing safety 
and quality across many types of devices.

21

Micron – Taichung, Taiwan

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PRODUCTS & INNOVATIONOperations & 
environment

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

As one of the world’s largest semiconductor companies, Micron understands that 
our manufacturing operations affect the environment. We take a proactive approach 
to environmental stewardship, investing in technologies to mitigate our footprint.

Advanced memory and storage solutions can  
enable technology breakthroughs that benefit  
people and the planet. Micron develops and builds 
these solutions at our front-end facilities, known as  
fabs, in Japan, Singapore, Taiwan and the United 
States. This process takes place at the nanoscale in 
a cleanroom environment. Over several months, each 
wafer goes through hundreds of manufacturing steps 
during which chemicals and materials are precisely 
applied to develop the functionality of the chip. Airborne 
particles, temperature and humidity are tightly controlled 
to ensure quality as the wafer passes hundreds of times 
through up to 10 areas, each with a unique set of tools. 

Our manufacturing processes require energy  
to run specialized equipment and maintain the  
cleanroom environment, use water to safeguard 
the cleanliness and quality of the wafer, and involve 
potentially hazardous chemicals. Scaling our products 
often requires new manufacturing equipment, materials 
and processing technologies, increasing process steps 
and further intensifying our operational footprint.  
Even the most advanced abatement techniques and 
methods to prevent fugitive emissions are not yet 
perfectly efficient. Energy resources are limited to  
those available in island geographies, where many  
of our operations are located. We are also constrained 
by available space in our cleanrooms, which requires 
careful planning and engineering to optimize the 
placement of production and abatement equipment.  
The ongoing need to increase production of 

semiconductor memory and storage to meet the  
world’s product demand compounds these challenges.

These realities pose steep challenges to reducing  
our environmental footprint. To make progress and  
grow sustainably, we must reimagine the way we  
operate. Micron integrates EHS considerations,  
including energy, water and waste efficiency; LEED 
criteria; and other factors into our processes, facility 
design and construction. 

We are also embracing environmentally friendly 
process design, through which engineers and other 
team members incorporate sustainability into their 
daily decision-making, identifying and implementing 
opportunities as early as possible in the process. 
Alongside the four pillars our engineers typically  
balance — yield, quality, cycle time and cost — they  
now also consider sustainability. Using this approach,  
the technology development (TD) team is analyzing  
which fab tools and processes contribute most to 
Micron’s environmental footprint.

Environmentally friendly process design requires the 
efforts of cross-functional teams, as well as collaboration 
with suppliers, research institutions, academia and 
others. For example, our TD team is helping mitigate 
the adverse effects of tech node scaling by integrating 
environmental strategies into tool selection and 
development, process development and material 
choices. Beyond educating team members on Micron’s 
sustainability goals, the TD team is conducting analyses 

to determine which fab tools and processes make the 
greatest contribution to Micron’s environmental footprint. 
These analyses inform strategic improvements on a 
range of tool and process groups, such as recent energy-
efficiency measures implementing high-efficiency vacuum 
pumps, simplifying flow, improving raw process time and 
enabling energy conservation on forward-looking designs.

Other teams can practice environmentally friendly 
process design, too. For instance, operations and 
manufacturing teams are exploring ways to reduce use 
of less efficient tools and processes. Our facilities team 
is evaluating how exhaust air flow affects equipment. 
Micron’s procurement and venture teams are partnering 
with suppliers and startups to incorporate innovative new 
ideas into manufacturing processes. 

More projects like these will evolve as Micron continues 
to invest approximately $1 billion by 2028 to advance 
the company’s environmental goals. As part of this 
commitment, Micron has invested $110.8 million since 
the beginning of FY21 to support advanced water 
treatment technologies, energy-efficiency improvements, 
greenhouse gas mitigation measures and other initiatives. 
This commitment is complemented by Micron’s financial 
arrangements established in CY21 — including $3.7 
billion in sustainability-linked credit facilities, tied to 
annual greenhouse, waste, and RBA metrics — as 
well as a $1 billion green bond dedicated to funding 
environmental projects across the company. 

23

Micron – Singapore

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENT  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Goals & aspirations 
Ambitious time-bound targets 
demonstrate our commitment 
to reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions, enhancing energy 
efficiency and improving waste 
and water recycling infrastructure 
at our global facilities.

Micron set our first ambitious long-term environmental 
goals in 2020. As our programs evolve, we revisit these 
goals to drive greater performance and address the 
needs of our stakeholders.

Early in calendar year 2022 (CY22), we expanded our 
ambitions, setting new goals for our climate initiatives. 
We have established new targets to reach net zero 
GHG emissions in our operations (scope 1) and 
purchased energy (scope 2) by 2050. As part of these 
commitments, we are targeting a milestone to achieve 
2030 scope 1 emissions reductions in line with the 
Paris Agreement – that’s a 42% absolute reduction 
versus CY20. These goals complement our existing 
target to achieve 100% renewable energy in the U.S. 
by the end of CY25, and our recent achievement of 
100% renewable energy in Malaysia. They will also 
ensure that we exceed our original long-term climate 
target to reduce GHG emissions intensity 75% per unit 
of production by CY30 versus a CY18 baseline — a 

goal that we are already well on our way to achieving. 
Looking ahead, we are evaluating our value chain 
emissions and opportunities to establish additional 
targets, including those covering scope 3 emissions. 

We also remain focused on our 2030 water and  
waste goals and are investing in our environmental 
programs to advance all our environmental initiatives. 
A global, cross-functional team developed and 
continues to oversee and revise these goals. We also 
have specialized teams focused on heat transfer fluids; 
fluorinated GHGs; energy efficiency and renewables; 
water and waste; and other innovative approaches  
to support us in reaching our goals. 

Pillar

Goal

Aspiration

Actions

CY21 performance

Emissions  

75% reduction in GHG 
emissions per unit production 
(intensity) in CY30 from the 
CY18 baseline*

42% absolute reduction in 
scope 1 emissions by CY30 
from CY20 baseline

Net zero scope 1 and 2 
emissions by CY50

Reducing direct emissions through efficient abatement of process GHGs and a 
transition to low global-warming-potential heat transfer fluid

40% reduction in GHG emissions  
per unit of production vs. CY18 

Reducing indirect emissions through design of energy-efficient facilities, smart-
controlled systems and transition to renewable electricity where available

Energy  

100% renewable energy in  
the U.S. in CY25 

100% renewable energy 
globally, where available 

Expanding rooftop solar panels in Singapore and Japan by 2 megawatts (MW), 
which provides over 600,000 megawatt-hours (MWh) of energy 

100% renewable energy in 
Malaysia in 2022

Actively securing renewable energy procurement opportunities in multiple parts 
of the world 

Water  

Waste  

24

75% water conservation 
through reuse, recycling and 
restoration in CY30

100% water conservation 
through reuse, recycling 
and restoration

95% reuse, recycling and 
recovery, and zero hazardous 
waste to landfill in CY30** 

Zero waste to landfill 
through waste 
minimization, reuse, 
recycling and recovery

Enhancing our water reuse and recycle infrastructure, as well as engaging in 
water restoration projects

53% water conservation through 
reuse, recycling and restoration

Minimizing waste generation, improving waste stream segregation, enhancing 
waste recovery systems and engaging with alternate waste disposal vendors

90% reuse, recycle and recovery 
(including energy recovery)

Note: Micron’s environmental performance is measured by calendar year. Environmental goals are targeted for the end of the referenced calendar year.
*This is a CY21 goal against which we made progress. The goal has been superseded by our new goal for absolute emissions. 
**Subject to vendor availability

5% increase in absolute scope 1 
emissions in CY21 compared to  
CY20 due to production growth  
and construction  

85 metric tons of CO2  
equivalent (MTCO2e) of  
Scope 2 emissions avoided

Our environmental targets

Emissions  

42%

absolute reduction  
in scope 1 emissions  
by CY30 from  
CY20 baseline

Energy

Net
zero

scope 1 and 2 
emissions by CY50

100%

100%

renewable energy in the 
United States in CY25 

renewable energy in 
Malaysia in CY22

Water

Waste

75%

water conservation 
in CY30

95%

reuse, recycling and 
recovery, and zero 
hazardous waste to 
landfill in CY30**

Early in calendar year 2022 
(CY22), we set new aspirational 
commitments to reach net zero 
greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
in our operations (scope 1) and 
purchased energy (scope 2) by 2050.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENT  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Greenhouse gas emissions & energy
While Micron’s low-power 
Addressing leading sources  
of emissions 
devices can support sustainability 
initiatives in customer operations 
and products, our manufacturing 
process remains energy- and 
emissions-intensive.

Micron is working to decrease our GHG emissions  
from electricity use by investing in energy-efficient 
equipment and purchasing renewable energy. We 
continue to optimize compressed dry air (CDA)  
systems and chillers to improve efficiency. For example, 
new CDA units at our Boise facility are forecast to  
significantly reduce energy consumption compared 
to the prior system. At the production tool level, we 
are using automation and installing control devices 
to reduce utility consumption during idle mode. Our 
expanded cleanroom spaces in Manassas, VA, improves 
operational efficiency by deploying dual-temperature 
chillers, high-efficiency compressors and dryers, energy 
resourceful code economizers and variable frequency 
drives on all equipment. 

We’re also expanding our integration of renewable, 
zero-emissions energy sources, taking into account the 
availability of affordable renewable energy based on the 
unique landscapes in each country where we operate. 
In CY21, Micron expanded the rooftop solar footprint 
in Singapore and installed new capacity in Japan. The 
Singapore installation will supply an estimated 2,900 
MWh of energy annually — enough to power 700 
average Singaporean households for one year. We plan 
to expand on-site solar installations across regions 
where feasible, including China and Taiwan in 2022. In 
addition, Micron’s facilities in Malaysia secured contracts 
early in 2022 to purchase 100% renewable energy 
through the Green Electricity Tariff program. This makes 
Malaysia the first region where we can meet our 100% 
renewable energy aspiration. We also announced early 

in 2022 our first renewable energy power purchase 
agreement (PPA), a 40 MW solar project in Idaho 
that will mitigate a significant amount of the scope 2 
emissions from our Boise headquarters. We are working 
toward PPAs for other sites in the U.S., Singapore and 
Taiwan and exploring ways to source clean energy in 
other regions. 

Micron is a member of the Clean Energy Buyers 
Alliance (CEBA), a membership association for large-
scale energy buyers, developers, service providers 
and nongovernmental organizations. Throughout 2021, 
we also participated in a consortium working group to 
create and implement a new means of securing a clean 
energy supply in Japan. The consortium is diverse, with 
members representing a wide range of industries and 
energy use profiles. The team is targeting a solution 
that brings new clean energy to the grid within Japan’s 
unique energy ecosystem.

Process GHG emissions, such as fluorinated gases, are 
mainly emitted from our dry etch manufacturing process. 
Today, few suitable sustainable alternatives exist for 
these processes. We are collaborating with suppliers 
to invent new, low-emissions etch chemistries and to 
abate emissions more efficiently at the tool level. At our 
Singapore facility, a pilot abatement project has begun 
its first phase of installations. When deployed, this 
technology is expected to not only abate emissions but 
also reduce the use of energy, natural gas and water. 

Regarding heat transfer fluids, an important source of 
Micron’s GHG emissions, we are making progress by 
increasing our chemical use efficiency and switching to 
alternatives with lower global warming potential. 

Progress toward greenhouse 
gas emissions & energy goals

Total greenhouse gas emissions trend

40% reduction in GHG 

emissions per unit  
of production from  
CY18 as of CY21 

Energy consumption

8

6

4

2

s
r
u
o
h

t
t
a
w
a
g
e
m

f
o
s
n
o

i
l
l
i

M

)

h
W
M
M

(

8.0

8.6

6.1

5.6

9.4

6.8

10.4
7.8

Total energy 
consumption

Purchased 
electricity

2.1

2.3

2.4

2.4

Fuel       

0.2

0.2

0.2

0.2

Purchased steam  
and cooling 

2018

2019

2020

2021

Renewable electricity purchased and generated not depicted

Detailed energy consumption & savings figures can be found in 
Performance at a glance

Electricity consumption, process GHG emissions 
and heat transfer fluid use account for over 90% of 
Micron’s total scope 1 and 2 emissions. Therefore, we 
are making progress toward our emissions and energy 
reduction goals with focused improvements in each 
of these areas. Our new climate goals are intended to 
support the objectives of the Paris Agreement to limit 
planetary warming and the United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goal 13 on Climate Action. We are proud 
to source renewable energy to support the energy needs 
of several of our facilities. We have also maintained our 
multiyear goal to achieve at least 10% energy savings 
(measured in kilowatt-hours saved compared to 2016 
baseline energy use) by 2022, reaching 145,000 MWh 
saved in CY21. 

Our approach to GHG management begins with 
collecting, analyzing and reporting data specific to 
these emissions. We report on GHG emissions through 
CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), the primary 
international organization standardizing corporate and 
government environmental data reporting on GHG 
emissions and other environmental criteria. 

25

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENT    
 
 
 
 
 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Investing in technology

Many opportunities exist for Micron to invest in or co-
develop technologies that can reduce energy use and 
emissions. For example, we are implementing AI tools, 
smart-controlled systems and predictive maintenance 
to improve production efficiency and automation. A 
real-time performance-monitoring platform with video 
analytics, high-speed cameras, graphic units and 
deep learning allows us to quickly resolve equipment 
downtime and address inefficient processes. 

We are also investing in startups such as Aqua 
Membranes, which has developed a reverse osmosis 
technology that aims to reduce the pressure required 
for water treatment and therefore energy use. Aqua 
Membranes’ technology is being piloted at our facility 
in Boise. This first-of-its-kind partnership — in which 
Micron is closely involved in a startup’s research and 
development process — could serve as a model for 
other energy- and emissions-saving technologies. 

Incorporating sustainability from  
the ground up 

We consider sustainable building attributes  
such as LEED criteria when we undertake new 
building design. Many of our newest buildings 
have achieved LEED Gold status, and we design 
and build all new construction to meet or exceed 
that standard. Our new facility in Taiwan is the first 
Micron facility with its clean room fully designed 
with Micron’s sustainability goals in mind. In 2021, 
it became our latest building to receive the LEED 
Gold designation, as well as International WELL 
Building Institute Certification and certification by 
EEWH, a green building organization in Taiwan. 
To earn these certifications, the fab incorporated 
features such as solar-enabled rooftops that are 
also designed to harvest rainwater, plants that 
cover approximately 30% of the campus’s  
outdoor space and water-saving technologies  
that reuse and recycle 75% of the water  
consumed at the fab. 

26

Micron – Taiwan A3 Green Fab

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENT  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Water
Water is an essential resource 
for Micron, as well as for every 
community in which we operate.  

As semiconductor manufacturing technologies  
have become more complex, the industry’s demand  
for water has grown. Accordingly, reducing the amount  
of water we use and properly treating it are among 
Micron’s top environmental priorities. We are working 
toward an aspirational goal of reusing, recycling or 
restoring 100% of the water used in our operations,  
with an interim goal of 75% by the end of 2030 even in 
the face of double-digit annual production growth. This  
goal has two components: 

 ▪ Enhancing water reuse and recycle infrastructure  

in our facilities

 ▪ Engaging in water restoration projects that meet 
current and future demand for water for local 
ecosystems and communities

In 2021, we made progress toward our goal by installing 
new water reclamation and reverse osmosis systems at 
multiple manufacturing sites. These drove an increased 
reuse and recycling rate above 50%. This work supports 
U.N. Sustainable Development Goal 6, which focuses on 
clean water and sanitation. 

To understand the significance of our water  
conservation aspirations, we need to look at how 
Micron uses water. Ultrapure water is used to clean 
wafers during our manufacturing process. This water 
comes from a combination of recycled water from our 
operations and local, untreated water resources. The 
water used in our process is reclaimed through filtration 

systems. Processed water passes through carbon and 
resin media that remove impurities. We then reuse the 
reclaimed water in other applications such as boilers, 
cooling towers and pollution abatement equipment, 
which in turn lowers water consumption.

Wastewater that is not recycled or otherwise reused  
on-site is treated to comply with local standards  
and then discharged. Each Micron site has invested  
in significant water treatment infrastructure so that  
any wastewater leaving the site meets or exceeds 
applicable water quality standards. Wastewater 
treatment methods may vary by site but include 
membrane filtration, ion-resin adsorption,  
precipitation, bio-oxidation and neutralization. 

Where we obtain water also matters. Globally, the 
primary source for water at manufacturing locations 
is the municipal supply, underscoring the importance 
of partnering with local water authorities. We consider 
these relationships within their local context, seeking  
to understand the implications of different geographies, 
climates, watersheds and infrastructure. We then use 
the information we have gathered to determine the best 
approach to water management at each site.

A water risk assessment using the World Resources 
Institute’s Aqueduct tool has helped us better 
understand local water conditions. This tool notes that 
only 1% of Micron’s total water withdrawals come from 
areas of high water stress — specifically our facility in 
Xi’an, China. Still, many of our locations face potential 
water stress, and we recognize the importance of being 
a good partner in managing local water resources. 
Our fabs in Taiwan, for example, have been designed 
to enable the highest water recycling rates in the 

Micron network, while our Manassas facility received 
the Virginia Water Environment Association’s Platinum 
Award for five consecutive years of environmental 
excellence in pollution prevention and conservation.

Community water restoration 

Achieving our water restoration goal will require 
not just operational improvements but also 
participation in local water restoration projects 
in the communities where we operate. In 
2021, Micron donated $300,000 to the Prince 
William County, Virginia, Department of Public 
Works to construct a litter trap, known as a 
bandalong, on Neabsco Creek. “Bandalong” is 
an Australian Aboriginal word meaning “junction” 
or “confluence.” It also refers to a floating device 
installed across a channel of water that collects 
floating trash from the water’s surface. 

Because it relies on moving water, a bandalong 
has no moving parts or energy needs. It also 
has no nets or fencing underneath, reducing the 
potential to harm fish and wildlife. It is designed 
to rise and fall with the surface of the water during 
storms. Prince William County leaders estimate 
that 70,000 pounds of trash were removed from 
Neabsco Creek between 2010 and 2020. This new 
equipment will intercept in-stream trash, improving 
water quality in the estuary and restoring an 
expected 9.8 million m3 of water a year. 

We continue to explore additional water restoration 
opportunities in other parts of the world, including 
Japan, Singapore, Taiwan, China, Malaysia and 
other nonmanufacturing locations.

Progress toward  
water stewardship goal

63 

million m3
water reused, 
recycled & restored

Water use & recycle

f
o
s
n
o

i
l
l
i

m
n

i

e
m
u
o
v

l

r
e
t
a
W

119

64

109

54

96

48

99

49

)
3

m

(

s
r
e
t
e
m
c
b
u
c

i

50% 50% 50% 53%

48

50

55

56

2018

2019

2020

2021

   Reuse, recycle & restoration

   Withdrawal

  Conservation rate

27

All data is calendar year

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENT 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Hazardous & restricted substances
Both our manufacturing process 
and our finished products 
incorporate substances that have 
the potential to be hazardous to 
people and the environment.  
We prioritize safety to mitigate 
these risks. 

are planning to develop goals around chemistry  
in operations in the year ahead. 

Besides assessing our processes, we must also 
consider products. The chemicals and materials  
in our products are regulated in many parts of the  
world. Our EHS, product compliance and global 
procurement functions work together to affirm that 
Micron products and processes meet legal and 
customer product-compliance requirements and  
protect the safety of our people and processes. 
Compliance requirements include the European  
Union directive on the Restriction of Hazardous 
Substances (RoHS), the Registration, Evaluation, 
Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH)  
and other lists of banned or restricted substances. 

The processes that transform a wafer into hundreds 
of individual die use chemicals and materials such as 
acids, bases and solvents for depositing, patterning, 
selectively removing and cleaning. Micron maintains 
an active program to continually reduce hazardous 
chemicals used in manufacturing and evaluate what  
we can do to mitigate environmental harms stemming 
from our use of those chemicals. We also work to 
protect the safety of all team members who interact  
with chemicals.

Our commitment to safety and reducing potential  
harm starts with a rigorous review process that  
ensures only approved chemicals arrive at our facilities. 
This review prevents banned or restricted chemicals 
from reaching our operations and facilitates the 
proper handling, recycling and disposal of chemicals 
throughout their lifecycles. It also allows us to track and 
understand our chemical-use profile so that we can 
implement chemical reduction and elimination initiatives. 
Over the past year, we have increased our focus on 
chemical reduction through process improvements and 

We closely track substances that might be restricted 
in the future. In the past decade, there has been a 
regulatory shift from managing select hazardous 
chemicals to managing classes of chemicals and  
their associated hazards. We have responded by 
designating teams of chemical engineers in the  
U.S. and Asia dedicated to studying the structural, 
functional relationship of chemicals and their  
associated regulatory environments. This research 
allows us to identify emerging chemicals of concern 
and work to remove these chemicals from substances 
and materials before they are listed by customers or 
regulators. Being proactive in our regulatory monitoring, 
product compliance, validation and certification 
processes allows us to deliver new products quickly 
while maintaining proper restricted substance control 
and conformance with requirements.

Supplier engagement is also important in managing 
restricted substances. Micron communicates our 
chemical-use expectations and restrictions to suppliers 
biannually while training suppliers to maintain programs 
on restricted substance control. Supplier programs 
include regulatory monitoring, chemical hazard 
assessment and substance inventory monitoring.  
We focus on helping suppliers with less sophisticated 
program elements improve their processes so that they 
can respond to risk assessments and auditing of their 
restricted substance control processes. 

When substances are added to regulatory lists, our 
procurement team communicates new requirements 
throughout our supply chain and reminds suppliers of 
Micron’s expectations. In these instances, we provide 
appropriate documentation and require a prompt 
response from each supplier regarding its use of any 
listed substances. We also expect suppliers to monitor 
the applicable list for potential inclusions in the REACH 
regulation and other applicable requirements. 

When necessary, suppliers must submit information to 
the Substance of Concern in Products (SCIP) database. 
Micron also maintains a program to ensure the timely 
submission of in-scope products to SCIP and other 
monitoring systems to facilitate the development 
of circular economies and demonstrate Micron’s 
commitment to conformance. 

28

Micron – Singapore

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENTTo meet our goals for dealing with nonhazardous  
waste, we have implemented a high-efficiency filter 
press that decreases sludge volume to reduce the 
amount of waste generated during wastewater 
treatment. We also reduced the amount of 
nonhazardous waste going to landfills with an on-
site and off-site food waste composting program. We 
perform due diligence on all new waste vendors to make 
sure their practices meet applicable legal requirements 
and safeguard the surrounding environment. If a 
waste facility passes this evaluation, Micron updates 
the assessment periodically to ensure consistent and 
effective management of waste materials over time.

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Waste management 
Waste is an inevitable byproduct  
of our manufacturing process,  
but we are working to minimize 
waste production and ensure  
that materials are put to an 
appropriate use.

Micron’s waste streams include both hazardous  
waste, such as solvents and acid waste, and 
nonhazardous wastes, such as sludge from wastewater 
treatment, plastic and other general waste. We are 
committed to reducing waste production by identifying 
new segregation methods, collaborating with waste 
vendors on solutions, optimizing recipes to reduce 
chemical waste, and working with business partners  
on reuse and recycling technology. 

We recognize that chemicals deployed in our  
processes can be beneficially reused by other  
industries. For example, under certain circumstances, 
isopropyl alcohol and phosphoric acid can be used in 
cleaning supplies and wastewater treatment, among 
other uses. Calcium fluoride sludge can be converted 
into fluorite balls, which are used by steel manufacturers 
to remove impurities from molten metal. Our fab in 
Singapore recently contracted with a vendor to  
perform this conversion.

29

Progress toward waste goal

90%
waste reused,  
recycled & recovered

90%
2021

100%
Aspiration

95%
2030 target

71

68

64

82%

81%

84%

75

90%

Total waste
Total waste in millions  
of kilograms (M kg)

    Nonhazardous waste

    Hazardous waste

  Waste reuse, recycle  

      and recovery rate

99

115

132

151

Waste reuse, recycle and recovery 
rate includes energy recovery

2018

2019

2020

2021

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENT  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Team member 
engagement 
Micron team members put  
their passion for the environment 
into action by taking part in 
conservation events around  
the globe.  

Designated as Earth Month, April is an annual 
opportunity for Micron team members to embrace  
the spirit of sustainability. In 2021, we hosted a  
speaker series with appearances from Micron’s  
leaders on environmental operations and experts on 
sustainable living. 

Because National Volunteer Week coincides with Earth 
Month, the Micron sustainability team partnered with 
the Micron Foundation’s Micron Gives program to host 
a Restore Our Earth donation campaign in 2021, during 
which team member’s donations were matched two to 
one. Team members, assisted by Micron Foundation 
matching funds, donated $7.3 million during this period. 
Beyond making donations, we encouraged team 
members to volunteer with their families or colleagues 
and post photos of their experiences to our new 
sustainability-focused social channel. 

30

Giving back around the world 

United States 

Team members in Utah  
partnered with Computers for  
Kids to collect unneeded electronic 
devices to be refurbished and 
shared with people in need. They 
collected approximately 10 tons of 
electronic waste in all. In addition, 
Boise team members spent a 
day picking up trash around the 
campus and clearing debris from 
local mountain trails. 

Europe

Team members in Europe launched a 
communications channel to share environmentally 
friendly lifestyle tips, and enrolled team members 
received seeds to plant pollinator gardens

Malaysia

Opening of Micron Forest Park.

Singapore 

Taiwan 

Japan 

In 2021, Micron Singapore launched sustainability 
committees in various internal organizations. These 
committees helped organize in-office initiatives 
including a hydroponics program through which team 
members can grow and harvest their own vegetables 
and “reverse vending machines” where users can 
receive rebates for recycling bottles and cans. Team 
members also raised $126,000 for the Garden City 
Fund and organized the Star Light volunteering month, 
in which 15,000 volunteers removed 15 tons of trash 
from beaches and parks in Singapore and Taiwan. 

Micron Taiwan has “adopted” 
cooperative forestry land in the Dongshi 
Forest District. To help restore the forest, 
a group of team members cleared more 
than a ton of invasive vines, planted 
saplings and cleaned up the space. Team 
members also organized a cleanup of 
the Dajia River, collecting 280 pounds 
of waste, and gathered more than 1,430 
pounds of waste from Da’an Tortoise 
Shell Ecological Park. 

Team members in Hiroshima 
organized local cleanup events at 
Kagamiyama Park, Mount Ryuozan 
and Bayside Beach Saka, as well 
as along the Shimanami Kaido trail. 

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS & ENVIRONMENTResponsible 
sourcing

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Managing our complex, global and diverse supply 
chain is a major undertaking — and one we take  
very seriously.  

Micron is one link in an intricate technology supply chain 
that spans the globe. As a producer of the memory 
and storage solutions used in all modern computing 
hardware, we have deep experience interacting 
with supply chain partners as both a supplier and a 
customer. We work closely with suppliers to assess risk, 
drive corrective actions and encourage improvement. 
We communicate expectations to our tier 1 suppliers — 
those we source from directly — through our supplier 
requirements standard. Because we are subject to many 
of the same auditing protocols as our own suppliers, 
we are well-positioned to set an example of continuous 
improvement, transparency and collaboration and 
to drive progress in human rights and environmental 
stewardship across our industry.

Our supply chain includes a variety of materials, 
equipment and services that are required to support our 
operations, from office supplies to highly specialized 
design components. As supplier geography diversifies, it 
increases resilience but complicates our ability to ensure 
that all suppliers adhere to our global standards. 

Over the past two years, industries worldwide  
have been affected by shortages of non-memory 
components, such as processors. While Micron 
does not produce processors or other non-memory 
components, these supply constraints, combined with 
increasing geopolitical issues impact both suppliers’ 
ability to provide certain products and our end 
customers’ demand for our products. As we navigate 
these challenges, we will continue to adhere to our 
responsible sourcing approach. 

To drive our approach, Micron has a dedicated and 
tenacious team that guides our supplier evaluation and 
approval process and ensures that new and existing 
suppliers meet our expectations, including those related 
to social and environmental criteria.

Top 10 supplier locations by Micron spend

United 
States

8,017

total suppliers

United Kingdom

China

Switzerland

South 
Korea

Japan

Taiwan

India

Malaysia

Singapore

6,821

active suppliers

$17.82B

$332M

41 

total cost of goods sold

spend with diverse suppliers*

countries

32

* Includes suppliers that Micron sources from directly (tier 1), as well as their suppliers (tier 2)

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Supply chain risk assessment
Close engagement with suppliers 
allows us to get ahead of potential 
risks. This is especially important 
as we grow our business, respond 
to evolving trade requirements and 
diversify our supply chain. 

 ▪ U.K. Bribery Act

 ▪ California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010

 ▪ U.K. Modern Slavery Act of 2015

 ▪ E.U. Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and 

Restriction of Chemicals, updated and provided every 
six months or as any product change requires

 ▪ U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act

Micron’s supply chain risk and resilience program 
includes global processes; partners with best-in-class, 
third-party risk service providers; and involves a team 
of highly skilled professionals who seek to go beyond 
compliance to engage with suppliers and ensure a 
resilient and sustainable supply chain. Profiling and 
managing the relative operational risks of each of our 
strategic suppliers allow us to continuously manufacture 
and deliver products to our customers while upholding 
industry and Micron standards relating to sustainability. 

Micron performs a supplier risk assessment that aligns 
with our guiding document, Integrity Matters: The 
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and with 
the RBA code of conduct. We evaluate the results of the 
assessment to generate a risk score. We then require 
any supplier with a high-risk score or deficiency in a 
program or process to develop plans to address issues. 
In addition, we expect applicable suppliers to comply 
with and report on the following:

 ▪ Annual RBA self-assessment questionnaire for a 

company’s headquarters and all facilities, or Micron’s 
sourcing compliance assessment 

 ▪ RBA audit or equivalent for any facility identified  

as high-risk

33

 ▪ E.U. Restriction of Hazardous Substances, updated 
and provided every 12 months or as any product 
change requires

 ▪ Greenhouse gas emissions and reduction targets via 

the CDP 

 ▪ Sustainability/corporate social responsibility or 

equivalent report

 ▪ Micron’s responsible minerals policy and due diligence 

reporting requirements

 ▪ Micron’s supplier responsibility and compliance 

training program

 ▪ Micron’s supplier diversity initiatives

The COVID-19 pandemic continues to pose  
challenges for conducting in-person audits. We 
conducted 68 supplier audits on-site in FY21. In FY22, 
we are restructuring our audit program to support 
a combination of on-site and remote assessments, 
conducted both by Micron and by third parties. 
To ensure adequate coverage regardless of travel 
constraints, Micron requests that suppliers provide 
transparency through visibility mapping, surveys and 
passive assessments, which are designed to gather 
certain information:

 ▪ Data points such as manufacturing locations, 
emergency contacts, manufacturing recovery  
time and locations of critical sub-tier suppliers

 ▪ Business continuity processes and programs at 

manufacturing locations

 ▪ Responses to event impact notifications associated 

with Micron’s supply chain

 ▪ Programs and policies related to ethics, environment, 

forced labor and safety

As part of these assessments, Micron uses software 
to manage supplier inputs and data. This practice 
improves the coverage, resources and processes  
used to uphold high expectations for our suppliers.  
In FY21, Micron assessed over 878 new suppliers, 
compared to 848 in FY20. As a check on this and 
other processes, we maintain a compliance helpline for 
anonymous reporting of violations in our supply chain. 

We continue to require training for new suppliers and  
for those involved in business reviews. This training 
focuses on responsibilities and expectations for our 
suppliers, including Micron’s code of conduct, RBA 
requirements and product compliance standards;  
we also have more tailored training for indirect service 
and product suppliers. More than 4,000 supplier 
representatives, including new suppliers and incumbent 
strategic partners, have participated in this virtual 
training since FY18. Training is part of our supplier 
performance management process, with suppliers 
receiving a score based on their training completion  
in the sustainability section of their scorecard.

Micron – Singapore

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Managing risk in 
our supply chain

Micron’s responsible sourcing and resilience  
group oversees supply chain risk management,  
which includes environmental, human rights and 
geopolitical risks. This team continues to mature 
its mission of enabling a resilient, compliant and 
sustainable global supply chain, a process that  
involves screenings, assessments, investigations,  
risk profiling, development and auditing of new  
and incumbent suppliers. 

34

New suppliers

1

2

3

4

Screen & assess
We initially assess suppliers using information from business 
continuity processes, geographic location, type of commodity 
or service, Micron’s history with the supplier and third-party 
reviews. We conduct additional screening for new suppliers. 
If we uncover violations of our sourcing standards, we 
give suppliers 30 days to address gaps before they can be 
approved. Otherwise, they are removed from our approved 
supplier list. 

Score
We map suppliers at the manufacturing level, focusing on 
business continuity planning processes, ethics, location, 
forced labor, environment and safety. We assign a score that 
indicates the risk of manufacturing or business disruption, 
as well as a score that indicates risk associated with 
responsibility and compliance. Each score may be high, 
medium or low.

Audit
Suppliers identified as high-risk may be audited in person  
to ensure they comply with Micron’s code of conduct.  
These audits may be performed on-site or remotely. 

Improve & develop
We may develop a mitigation plan and request improvement 
actions of any suppliers found to be out of compliance, or 
suppliers may be removed from our supply base. Micron may 
establish corrective action plans, conduct in-person training 
or develop scorecard reviews or other plans to improve 
suppliers’ risk profiles.

RBA factory of choice 

The RBA bestows the Factory of 
Choice designation on facilities that 
strive for excellence in corporate 
social responsibility. To be eligible, a 
facility must have a minimum validated 
assessment program (VAP) score of 
at least 160, no open priority findings 
concerning cases, have an RBA-
certified factory lead and have a forum 
where workers can provide input to 
management on working conditions.  
In 2021, we received this designation 
for two of our factories in Taiwan.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Human & labor rights
Micron works to advance human 
rights in our own operations and 
expects our suppliers, contractors 
and other partners to do the same.

We actively work to uphold the highest levels of labor 
ethics. All partners we engage with are expected to abide 
by Integrity Matters: The Micron Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics, which aligns to the RBA code of 
conduct; our human rights policy; and relevant laws,  
with a particular emphasis on child and forced labor.  
Our commitment to combatting child and forced labor  
is made public through our slavery and human trafficking 
statement. Regular supplier risk assessments include 
evaluation of human rights issues, and we specifically 
focus on operations in areas more at risk for violation.  
We monitor the following human rights concerns as  
they relate to our supply chain:

 ▪ Working hours

 ▪ Fair wages and benefits

 ▪ Worker health and safety

 ▪ Nondiscrimination and anti-harassment

 ▪ Freedom of association

Oversight of human rights begins with anyone who 
works on a Micron site in any capacity, from security to 
construction work. It extends to the employees of our 
suppliers and to anyone hired temporarily by suppliers, 
who in some parts of the world are foreign migrant 

35

workers. Many of Micron’s suppliers are located in 
Asia, which has areas that are at higher risk for human 
rights violations against foreign migrant workers and 
require additional diligence. For example, workers may 
have their passports withheld or be charged recruiting 
or administrative fees before being hired. These fees 
can amount to more than several months’ pay and may 
require workers to take out loans, effectively forcing them 
to pay to have a job. In addition, most of these workers 
send the bulk of their earnings back to their home 
countries to support their families, making the payment  
of loans and fees especially burdensome.

RBA code requirements limiting forced labor differ 
from the laws regarding fees, levies and working hours 
in many countries where we do business. While the 
variations add complexity, we enforce the more stringent 
standard if local laws and the RBA code differ. Micron is 
actively involved, along with other members of the RBA, 
in eliminating forced labor in our supply chain through 
training, dialogue with government officials and interviews 
with foreign migrant workers about their working 
conditions. To prevent forced labor practices, Micron also 
works with recruitment agents in the countries of hire to 
make sure agents follow proper procedures. 

We are committed to continuous improvement across 
our supply chain. In 2021, Micron underwent customer-
led training related to forced labor and shared lessons 
learned from this training with our own suppliers. We also 
added a new section to our supplier survey designed to 
assess forced labor risk.

Top supplier audit findings 2021 

RBA code of conduct

Findings related to working hours increased 
in 2021 due to pandemic-related increases in 
demand. We also uncovered issues related to 
COVID-19 safety measures and worked closely 
with suppliers to address these issues. These are 
the top findings, listed in order of occurrence, 
from Validated Assessment Program (VAP) audits 
conducted in 2021: 

 ▪ Labor
 ▪ Health and safety
 ▪ Management system
 ▪ Ethics
 ▪ Environment 

We are an active member of the Responsible 
Business Alliance (RBA). The RBA is composed 
of leading electronics, retail, automotive and toy 
companies that have joined together to promote 
responsible working conditions, ethical business 
practices and environmental stewardship globally 
throughout their respective industry supply 
chains. The RBA plays a critical role in upholding 
a single set of expectations regarding social and 
environmental responsibility and provides a single 
process for demonstrating conformance. Members 
adhere to a common RBA code of conduct, which 
addresses supply chain performance expectations 
for labor, health and safety, environmental practices, 
ethics and management systems. Through RBA 
training materials, monitoring tools and third-party 
audits, we support the efforts of our suppliers  
to maintain responsible operations. We also  
hold suppliers accountable when they fall short  
of expectations. To comply with the RBA code  
in our own operations, we have adopted a  
vigorous management approach that includes 
training our team members on code requirements 
and using third-party auditors to verify our 
actions. Our global RBA oversight team includes 
representatives from legal, human resources, 
EHS, and supplier management functions. They 
monitor key RBA metrics across our manufacturing 
locations and review periodic reports on Micron’s 
overall RBA performance.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Responsible minerals
Like many technology companies, 
Micron relies on tin, tungsten, 
tantalum and gold (3TG) in the 
manufacture of our products.  

auditing process, due diligence tools, and a public 
database documenting where each smelter or refiner 
stands in its conflict-free journey. Micron is also a 
collaborative member of several RMI working groups 
and task forces. 

3TG materials, known as conflict minerals, are 
abundant in the Democratic Republic of the Congo 
(DRC) and surrounding countries, a region that has 
endured sustained conflict and human rights violations. 
We recognize that these and other raw materials, which 
may also originate outside of the DRC, are subject 
to controversy based on social and environmental 
concerns about how they are obtained. With this in 
mind, we monitor rare earth elements, metals and 
materials originating from many regions that are 
used within our supply chain to understand global 
risks related to human rights, potential restrictions, 
availability, pricing and implications to manufacturing 
processes and products while focusing due diligence 
efforts on worldwide 3TG minerals.

Micron is committed to ensuring that minerals used 
in the manufacture of our products, regardless of 
originating country, do not directly or indirectly fund 
violence or human rights abuses. Collaboration among 
governments, industries and communities is key to 
achieving this goal. Reflecting this philosophy, Micron 
is a founding member of the Responsible Minerals 
Initiative (RMI) of the RBA, a consortium that works 
across the minerals industry to develop a common 
approach for addressing conflict mineral supply chains 
and protocols that is expanding to include other 
minerals beyond 3TG. The RMI includes a third-party 

36

Our goal is to source entirely from smelters and 
refiners validated by third-party audits as conformant 
to the RMI Responsible Minerals Assurance Process 
or similar cross-recognized programs from the 
Responsible Jewellery Council or London Bullion 
Market Association (LBMA). To this end, we seek to 
align with international best known practices on due 
diligence set forth in the Organisation for Economic 
Co-operation and Development’s Due Diligence 
Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals 
From Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas. We 
comply with section 1502 of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which 
requires publicly traded U.S. companies to track, 
monitor and report annually on conflict minerals in 
supply chains.

To help Micron achieve our responsible minerals  
policy objectives, we require suppliers to comply  
with our responsible minerals program by  
completing these tasks:

 ▪ Reading and understanding Micron’s responsible 

minerals policy

 ▪ Providing a complete, updated conflict minerals 

reporting template (CMRT) that discloses the source 
of conflict minerals that may be present in products 
sold to Micron, including the smelters or refiners from 
which the conflict minerals originated

 ▪ Updating CMRTs within two weeks of any smelter or 
refiner changes within any part of the supply chain

 ▪ Adopting a conflict mineral policy dedicated to 

achieving a conflict-free supply chain

 ▪ Participating in and facilitating audits of facilities, 

conflict mineral policies, conflict mineral procedures 
and associated records

 ▪ Directing their own suppliers to adopt conflict mineral 

policies and complete necessary conflict mineral 
diligence surveys

Micron implements policies and procedures to help 
ensure that our existing suppliers rely on smelters and 
refiners that are conflict-free, and we only engage with 
new suppliers that make similar commitments. We 
require suppliers to remove nonconformant smelters 
within 13 weeks of when they fall out of conformant 
status, but they often resolve issues sooner. 

We are committed to transparency and publish an 
annual conflict minerals report on our due diligence 
and progress toward a conflict-free supply chain.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Supplier environmental impact
Micron has a significant 
opportunity to partner across 
our industry to influence the 
environmental profile of suppliers. 

CDP supply chain program and requested CDP survey 
responses from our top strategic suppliers. The findings 
of this survey will provide a baseline for monitoring 
suppliers’ progress on emissions reduction and other 
metrics. Our initial survey focused on climate, and we 
plan to add a water component in 2022. 

A limited number of equipment manufacturers supply 
the technologies used in Micron’s fabs and those 
of our peers. Micron encourages these equipment 
manufacturers to develop innovations that reduce water 
and energy use. We also help our suppliers to understand 
our sustainability efforts and to identify and address 
sustainability-related risks, including those pertaining 
to climate change and other environmental issues. In 
much the same way that we work toward reducing 
the environmental footprint of our own operations, we 
survey high-risk and critical suppliers’ programs to 
improve energy efficiency; reduce greenhouse gases; 
and control, treat and minimize solid waste, wastewater 
and air emissions. The RBA audit process used with our 
suppliers assesses these topics. 

We also require key suppliers to report details on their 
GHG emissions footprint to the CDP by sending Micron 
their CDP submissions or providing GHG data directly to 
Micron. In 2021, we began a formal partnership with the 

Beyond encouraging suppliers to disclose their direct 
carbon footprints, we are working with them to make 
environmental improvements at Micron sites. In 2020, 
we piloted a program with a targeted group of capital 
equipment suppliers to support Micron’s energy, 
emissions, water and waste goals. We now have a 
tracking system for projects advancing these goals and 
are establishing timelines and milestones to keep us 
moving forward. One such wafer fab equipment supplier, 
Applied Materials, Inc., supports Micron by providing 
energy and process greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction 
solutions, analytical tools and evaluations of abatement 
and alternate process gases.

37

Micron – Manassas, Virginia

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCING  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Supplier diversity
Our partnerships with diverse 
businesses are invaluable to 
strengthening our supply chain 
and communities.

Micron’s supplier diversity program was  
established in 2019 to build mutually beneficial 
partnerships with diverse suppliers, which collectively 
refers to businesses that are majority owned by 
women, underrepresented communities, people with 
disabilities, members of the LGBTQ+ community and 
veterans. In 2020, as part of our diversity, equality and 
inclusion (DEI) commitments, we set a goal to double 
Micron’s annual spend with diverse-owned businesses 
by FY23, using a FY20 baseline. By the end of 2021, 
Micron exceeded our three-year goal, more than 
doubling our spend in just one year. 

But our progress goes beyond just increasing spending. 
We aim to increase representation of diverse suppliers 
across our industry with a four-part strategy: 

 ▪ Direct impact: Micron wants to increase our business 
with — and grow a competitive pipeline of — tier 1 
suppliers. To do this, we analyze our global supplier 
list to identify diverse suppliers that we are already 
doing business with and match those suppliers with 
procurement opportunities. We prioritize the inclusion 
of diverse suppliers in new sourcing activities and 
ensure that procurement teams recognize these 
diverse businesses. More than 20 global  
procurement team members serve as supplier 
diversity champions, acting as advocates and  
leading external engagements in their geographies. 

 ▪ Indirect impact: To foster opportunities throughout  
the supply chain ecosystem, we ask our partners  
to have their own supplier diversity programs in  
place and make efforts to engage diverse businesses 
in support of Micron contracts. These expectations 
are embedded in Micron’s supplier responsibility 
expectations and supplier performance  
management processes. 

 ▪ Ecosystem impact: We invest in external partnerships 

that advance the growth and success of diverse 
businesses globally. Micron is a corporate member of 
the National Minority Supplier Development Council, 
the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, 
and Disability:IN. We work with WEConnect 
International, a global network that connects women-
owned businesses to qualified corporate buyers 
around the world, to increase opportunities for 
women-owned businesses throughout Asia. 

 ▪ Industry impact: Micron works with industry 

organizations to drive the inclusion and 

competitiveness of diverse suppliers in the 
semiconductor industry. As a corporate member  
of the SEMI Manufacturing Ownership Diversity  
work group, we are engaging with our peers to 
develop best practice standards in supplier  
diversity and drive adoption across our industry. 

As we look ahead, we are committed to building on 
the momentum we achieved in FY21. We have set 
aggressive goals for global procurement and across 
all category areas. We will continue to empower our 
teams to expand opportunities for diverse businesses, 
strengthen our partnerships with internal and external 
organizations to drive change, and build on best 
practices to advance supplier diversity among our supply 
base and within the semiconductor industry. When 
we widen the pool of potential suppliers, we promote 
development and competition, improve quality and cost, 
and invite unique perspectives and innovative thinking.

Progress toward  
supplier diversity goal

Spend with diverse suppliers in FY21* (USD)

Baseline

$104M

FY21 goal $139M

FY21 actuals

Tier 1

Tier 2

$120M

$212M

Tier 1 diverse spend by region

Invoices paid to diverse suppliers in FY21 (USD)

North 
America

72%

Asia

28%

Micron – Manassas, Virginia

38

* Scope of spend: Tier 1 and tier 2 diverse supplier spend. 

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022RESPONSIBLE SOURCINGPeople

Micron – Taichung, Taiwan

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Our team members have an innate curiosity that 
brings out their best and helps them celebrate diverse 
perspectives. This passion extends beyond our Micron 
walls and into our communities to enrich life for all. 

Focusing on our people is essential for success. We 
strive to maximize each person’s potential by supporting 
them at every stage — from recruitment to onboarding 
to continued engagement and development. That’s why 
we look beyond our team members’ careers to address 
their total wellbeing, including their physical, mental, and 
financial health and their social connections.

One of the main ways our team members told us we 
could enhance their wellbeing was through greater job 
flexibility — and we listened. As COVID-19 protocols 
have eased, we’ve provided flexible work arrangements 
to team members, including remote, hybrid (remote and 
on-site), and fully on-site work. Through periodic team 
member surveys, we gain further insight on how we can 
maintain their total wellbeing.

To keep our team members engaged in their roles, 
wherever and however they work, we offer team  
building and collaboration programs. Our Emergenetics™ 
program helps our team members understand how 
they and their colleagues prefer to navigate work and 
approach unique challenges. We facilitated more than 
180 Emergenetics sessions in 2021, and nearly 17,000 
team members have created Emergenetics profiles 
to date. In addition, we launched Micron’s first Team 
Building Playbook in April 2021, which received over 
600 views in the first three days.

40

Micron – Boise, Idaho

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

People and leader development 
To remain competitive, we need 
the best and brightest talent on 
our side. 

a program through which current Micron team members 
make themselves available to chat with candidates. 
Prospective employees can talk to team members in 
similar roles to ask questions and get a clear sense 
of what to expect from the job. Candidates are also 
prompted to create profiles on a personal career site 
where they can learn about other positions to consider 
across Micron. 

Research shows that a team member’s first months in 
a new job are key to long-term retention. That’s why we 
take a hands-on approach after candidates become 
part of the Micron team. We enhanced the onboarding 
process in several ways in 2021, including implementing 
the Launch Buddies program. Launch buddies are team 
members who help new hires get their bearings and 
navigate the Micron culture during their first weeks at 
work. We are also working to ensure that 30-, 60- and 
90-day plans are in place for all new employees to 
foster a sense of accomplishment and progress early 
on. Looking ahead, we intend to establish global best 
practices for onboarding that extend throughout a 
person’s first year on the job. 

We have also implemented a tailored set of practices 
to recruit candidates from diverse backgrounds. This 
includes building a diverse slate of qualified candidates, 
ensuring that interview panels themselves are diverse 
and offering referral bonuses for candidates from 
underrepresented groups. We continue to recruit from 
historically Black colleges and universities and Hispanic-
serving institutions, as well as through organizations 
such as the Society of Women Engineers. In addition, 
we use AI to draft job descriptions to reduce or eliminate 
the potential for bias, and we remove identifiable 
information from résumés, minimizing any distractions 

from personal characteristics to instead focus on 
individual merit. Micron’s legal department uses the 
Mansfield Rule, which means it seeks to consider at 
least 50% historically underrepresented lawyers for 
70% or more of its high-visibility opportunities, internal 
promotions, significant leadership roles and outside 
counsel representation.

Knowing that bias can unconsciously influence hiring 
decisions, volunteers from our employee resource 
groups (ERGs) have been trained to participate 
on interview panels as candidate allies to identify 
and exclude any bias. The ally listens carefully and 
challenges assumptions to ensure hiring decisions are 
made fairly. More than 600 Micron team members were 
trained to serve in this role in FY21. 

As a result of our diverse recruitment programs, which 
have been implemented worldwide, underrepresented 
hires increased 5.4% for new hires and 7.3% for 
new college graduates from FY20 to FY21. Micron 
is committed to ensuring the representation of our 
workforce reflects the global community. Micron’s goal 
is to always hire the best candidate, with no preferential 
treatment being given to any candidate for any reason.

Micron participates in the Great Place to 
Work® survey, which allows us to identify 
strengths and areas of opportunity, as 
well as to benchmark our performance 
against other companies. In 2021, in 
every eligible region, we were either 
named a Great Place to Work, made a 
Best Workplaces list, or both. 

6

regions

Best  
Workplace  
List

7

regions
Great  
Place  
to Work

Voluntary turnover 

7%

6%

5%

4%

3%

2%

1%

7%

6%

6% 6%

2018

2019

2020

2021

Micron is committed to developing team members 
and leaders at all stages of their careers. It starts with 
who and how we hire, with a strong focus on diverse 
candidates, new college graduates and experienced 
hires from the broader industry. We have placed special 
emphasis on onboarding and integrating Micron new 
hires to keep them informed and engaged from their 
first day. Beyond onboarding, team members also have 
numerous ways to develop technical acumen and skills, 
including continuing education opportunities, a robust 
mentoring program and numerous internal certifications 
and trainings. We develop and accelerate our leaders’ 
careers through role-specific learning that supports 
them in moving to higher-level positions and through 
a large selection of learner-centric open-enrollment 
offerings that provide immediate development needs.

Acquiring talent 

Our talent acquisition team works to build a diverse, 
global workforce and uses our reputation as a 
technology leader and a great place to work to attract 
a diverse talent pool. Colleges and universities are an 
important source of recruits, and we have partnerships 
with institutions worldwide. In 2021, we enhanced 
our university recruitment efforts by establishing 
the New College Group, a suite of outreach tools 
including newsletters, virtual team-building sessions 
and welcome events that help us stay close to this 
candidate population. We also launched Micron Insider, 

41

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

University Research Alliance  
of Micron

While experienced engineering professionals tend  
to be familiar with Micron and its legacy, leaders 
at Micron India recently noted a lack of awareness 
about our company on college campuses. To increase 
awareness of opportunities at Micron and possibilities 
on the frontiers of memory design, Micron India 
launched the University Research Alliance of  
Micron (URAM) in 2020. 

URAM brings together academic institutions and 
key faculty experts, advanced research labs, student 
communities, industry associations, startups and 
government agencies to further research, education 
and innovation in memory design. Students can access 
Micron’s labs, international internships and fellowships, 
and a wide range of learning resources, while faculty 
and their research groups can use Micron’s expertise 
and infrastructure to collaborate on memory design, 
storage technologies and systems. 

In the second year of the program, several  
Micron leaders delivered lectures to university  
students and faculty. We also expanded the program  
to include scholarships, curated knowledge sessions,  
open innovation challenges and more advanced 
research collaborations.

URAM now partners with 20 of India’s top engineering 
colleges and has engaged thousands of students. The 
program will play a critical role in Micron India’s plans  
to more than double its team member footprint over  
the next several years, providing vital connections  
with some of the country’s most promising talent. 

42

Micron – Hyderabad, India

Engagement

At Micron, we utilize a research-based, people-centric 
approach to understanding and improving team 
member engagement. Our Engage! program is built 
on the proven premise that engagement results from 
three driving factors: meaningfulness, availability and 
psychological safety. We gather team member feedback 
around these critical indicators in an annual, company-
wide survey and then share these collected insights with 
every team member at Micron. Sharing results openly 
across the company is a distinguishing and purposeful 
design feature of our program, as many companies only 
share results with their people leaders. The transparency 
and accountability that we promote through broader 
sharing of insights is an important part of how we 
demonstrate our value of team member engagement. 

In 2021, 88% of our team member base took time 
to share feedback, including nearly 70,000 individual 
written comments. We see these comments as a rich 
source of insight into what team members truly care 
about, and we employ advanced machine learning 
analysis to help provide a scalable way to navigate all 
this written feedback. This analysis provides a roadmap 
and demonstrates the impact verbatim comments can 
have on needed change.  

We recognize that listening is only one part of the  
team member engagement process.  We must also act 
on what we learn! Each leader at Micron is encouraged 
to provide their team members with time to digest 
team results individually and then to facilitate a group 
discussion to identify shared opportunities to improve. 
Each team then works together to create and implement 
a meaningful action plan. We acknowledge that sincere 
follow-through is an essential part of encouraging, 
growing, and reinforcing healthy employee engagement 
across Micron.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Promoting professional 
development

Micron embraces a growth mindset and provides an 
environment where our team members continually learn 
and thrive. Learning starts with a global onboarding 
program. From there, team members can receive 
education to support their current roles as well as career 
aspirations. Education can take many forms, including 
guided workshops, on-demand training, experiences 
and programs for developing specific technical or 
leadership skills. Micron supports this through world-
class technology and partners, including a customized, 
internally developed platform called Micron University. 

Micron provides opportunities to grow and be rewarded 
through Reach Performance, our performance 
management philosophy. This program supports team 
members by providing a philosophy, systems and 
processes to assess performance, understand potential 
and enable promotions. Reach Performance establishes 
clear individual performance expectations, supports 
team member development and enables leaders to be 
better coaches. It begins with collaboratively setting 
individual goals, progresses through periodic check-ins 
and regular feedback and culminates with a calibrated 
performance review. Along the way, Micron strives 
to create an inspiring, high-performance culture that 
empowers team members to do their best.

In 2021, we introduced the Empowered Careers 
program, a suite of career development and 
management tools and resources that encourages 
team members to take ownership of their professional 

development. This four-month program includes a series 
of experiences through which team members create 
career development plans, complete a capstone project 
and share what they’ve learned with their peers. 

We further encourage collaborative learning  
through mentorship, a key driver of retention. 
Mentorship evolved into a formalized program in  
FY21 as our talent development teams partnered  
with ERGs and other development groups to centralize 
mentoring resources and expand programs globally. 
Our mentoring playbook is now available in English, 
simplified and traditional Chinese, Japanese and Malay. 
Mentorship and its resulting connections have become 
particularly important during the past two years when 
many team members worked remotely due to the 
pandemic. So far in CY22 we are tracking a total  
of 793 program participants.

Sharpening team members’ skills 
Beyond encouraging team members’ development 
through career planning and coaching, we enable  
them to learn and refine specific skills through a variety 
of programs. For example, team members can access 
the Micron-TLP Technical Journal — an in-house,  
peer-reviewed archival journal with articles published  
by members of Micron’s Technical Leadership  
Program — as well as technical seminars. Micron’s 
learning management system allows team members  
to view courses that have been assigned to them or 
search the catalog and self-assign items. They can also 
request or register for instructor-led learning or access 
online learning. 

To promote Micron’s goal of enabling the workforce of 
the future, we offer Micron University and the Digital 
Skills Academy. The Digital Skills Academy, now in its 
second year, includes training on critical technology 
trends, including AI, cloud computing, data science 
and digital security. Team members can select a 
training opportunity by level of expertise, and leaders 
can identify learning opportunities that are relevant for 
their team members. A skills advisory board assesses 
offerings periodically to identify future skill needs and 
propose solutions for developing them in our workforce. 

Micron resources are also available to help our team 
members prepare their educational plans and select 
programs that further their interests and career 
development. Micron offers a continuing education 
program, providing tuition for eligible team members 
pursuing higher education degrees, and an education 
assistance program for those seeking additional 
industry-related courses and certifications. In FY21,  
we increased this program’s budget and automated 
much of the application process to make it easier for 
team members to apply. 

43

Micron – Avezzano, Italy

Micron – Avezzano, Italy

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Growing leaders at every level
Leadership is a skill that can always be developed and 
refined. Micron prepares emerging leaders and helps 
existing leaders succeed through programs designed 
to build their leadership capabilities during key points in 
their careers. In FY21, we enhanced existing leadership 
programs and added new programs:  

 ▪ 360-Degree Assessment: This holistic leadership skill 
assessment and action plan includes professional 
coaching to help leaders improve in targeted areas. 
Over 300 leaders participated in this program in FY21. 

 ▪ Ignite: Ignite is a five-week program for team 

members aspiring to leadership roles. Ignite exposes 
these team members to global people leadership 
expectations and responsibilities prior to committing 
to a leadership career path. With over 400 participants 
in FY21, the Ignite program is important for building 
the next generation of leaders at Micron.

 ▪ Core Management: This program is a mandatory 
learning experience for new managers at Micron.  
It focuses on managerial and performance 
fundamentals and covers Micron’s leadership 
philosophy, behaviors and styles. In FY21, we  
added an abbreviated version of the program  
called Core Maximized, intended for experienced 
external hires with prior leadership experience. 

44

 ▪ Leadership Circuit: Our open enrollment catalogue 
of short courses on 13 leadership topics continues 
to be one of our most popular programs. Focus 
areas include communication, decision-making, 
emotional intelligence, growth mindset, coaching and 
storytelling, and the program now has new courses on 
creating a culture of appreciation, promoting wellbeing 
and identifying common team dysfunctions. 

 ▪ Leadership Flash: This series of microlearning 

documents captures best practices and application 
guidance on 22 key principles of leadership. New 
topics in FY21 included holding effective meetings, 
one-on-ones and “stay” conversations. 

 ▪ Leadership Amplifier: We piloted this fully virtual 

program for midlevel leaders in FY21 and will roll the 
program out globally in FY22. 

 ▪ Leadership Accelerator: In partnership with  

Berkeley Executive Education, we are designing  
a high-potential executive readiness program to  
build executive bench strength and support newly 
minted executives. 

Leadership 
Programs by the 
Numbers

Leadership programs by the numbers

90  leaders participated  

in Leadership Amplifier

300 

leaders received 
360-degree assessments

400 

aspiring leaders 
participated in Ignite

2,000 

leaders completed 
Core Management

5,000 

team members accessed 
Leadership Circuit offerings

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Wellbeing & benefits 
We aim to help team members 
thrive inside and outside the 
workplace by embracing all  
facets of wellbeing.  

assistance program and Micron Connection program. 
As we broaden our view of wellbeing, we are providing 
training for leaders and individual contributors on the 
definitions and importance of each wellbeing pillar. 
Specific programs and resources are available,  
although they vary by region: 

Micron’s global wellbeing team aims to create and 
promote a culture of health and wellbeing and to support 
that culture at the individual, group, organization and 
workplace levels. Over the past year, we have shifted the 
terms we use to describe our own work and offerings 
from “wellness” to “wellbeing,” with the belief that 
“wellbeing” better captures the broad scope of factors 
— physical, mental, social, career and financial — that 
affect how an individual functions at and away from 
work. In FY21, we introduced these five wellbeing pillars. 

We encourage our team members to seek balance 
between their work and home lives. Micron follows 
Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) standards 
on working hours, which state that employees in 
all functions should work no more than 60 hours a 
week (typical in some international manufacturing 
environments), except in emergency or unusual 
situations, with at least one day off every seven  
days. We also offer flexible work arrangements and 
compressed work weeks for manufacturing team 
members so they can manage work and life.  

Encouraging wellbeing  

Our team member wellness program offers resources 
across our five pillars of wellbeing. It encompasses 
our on-site programs, fitness centers and wellness 
spaces, as well as online programs, our global employee 

45

 ▪ Virgin Pulse, available through Micron’s wellbeing 
portal, provides employees with fitness trackers. 
It combines gamification, social connection and 
behavioral health education to encourage team 
members to form healthy habits.

 ▪ The GuidanceResources program provides Micron 
team members and their family members with 
confidential support, resources and information for 
personal and work-life issues, including financial  
and legal advice.

 ▪ Micron Connection is an online community that 
encourages team members to connect through  
clubs, volunteering and other opportunities.

Micron – Manassas, Virginia

 ▪ Team member advocates are available to speak to 

colleagues about work, personal and family concerns. 
Advocates are trained to help team members find 
resources and solutions. We expanded the team 
member advocacy program globally in FY21.

 ▪ Short-term counseling sessions and group listening 
sessions guide team members in managing their 
stress, particularly around emotionally challenging 
topics such as the pandemic and racial injustice 
around the world. 

 ▪ Part of a peer-support program, connect groups 

bring together team members with a similar shared 
experience. These groups are aligned with the 
missions of specific ERGs. To date, we have connect 
groups that focus on parenting LGBTQ+ children, 
caring for elderly or disabled family members, dealing 
with the loss of a spouse, among other topics. 

In FY21, we introduced  
five wellbeing pillars

Physical 
Lifestyle choices and behaviors 
around preventive health exams, 
sleep, diet, physical activity, 
hygiene, safety and relaxation  
that enhance functioning.

Mental
A state in which team members  
can realize their potential, cope 
with the normal stresses of life, 
work productively and fruitfully,  
and engage. 

Social 
Meaningful relationships with  
peers, supervisors and the 
organization that foster a sense  
of belonging and community. 

Career 
Team members’ feelings about their 
job today, career growth prospects 
for tomorrow and achievement of 
life goals. 

Financial 
A state in which team members 
can fully meet current and ongoing 
financial obligations, feel secure 
in their financial future and make 
choices that allow them to  
enjoy life. 

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Offering employee benefits

Our total compensation strategy includes base salary, 
annual bonuses and equity awards. We also offer a 
discounted stock purchase program, allowing team 
members to purchase Micron stock at a 15% discount 
in most of the markets where we operate. They can 
enroll in the program twice a year and contribute up 
to 15% of their salary. In FY2021, 69% of our team 
members opted to participate in this program. 

These highlights of our comprehensive benefits  
package are designed to support the wellbeing of  
our team members:

 ▪ Medical coverage and insurance, including  

telehealth options 

 ▪ Paid time off and holidays, including floating holidays 

 ▪ Family and bereavement leave 

 ▪ Military differential pay to offset the difference  
in pay for eligible team members who are  
performing voluntary or involuntary service in  
the U.S. uniformed services

 ▪ Professional development opportunities and financial 
assistance for team members seeking to advance 
their education in a traditional university setting 

 ▪ Extensive employee assistance and wellness 

programs to support healthy lifestyles

 ▪ Adoption benefits, fertility benefits, and health care 
coverage for team members and their spouses or 
domestic partners

 ▪ Backup child care and elder care  

In FY21, we added a concierge service — Included 
Health — to better connect U.S. team members and 
their families to culturally competent health providers, 
local community and social resources, and financial 
partners who understand the unique needs of the 
LGBTQ+ community. This resource makes health 
care more accessible for people seeking information, 
emotional assistance and treatment about personal 
matters such as gender confirmation surgery and mental 
health support for LGBTQ+ issues. Knowing that many 
other opportunities exist at the intersection of wellbeing 
and inclusion, we are exploring similar benefits and site 
amenities for our team members around the world. 

46

Micron – Muar, Malaysia

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Diversity, equality & inclusion
“For all” describes not just who we 
serve but also how we operate.  

 ▪ We increased our annual spend with diverse suppliers 
to $332 million — up more than 100% from FY20. 
Learn more in the Responsible Sourcing section.

 ▪ We strengthened our culture of inclusion, with 

99.9% of global team members completing one or 
more inclusion ally trainings. Micron’s team member 
engagement survey includes two questions that 
assess Micron’s culture on behaviors that support 
inclusion – this inclusion index score was 85%, up 
seven points from FY20.

Beyond these goals, we made measurable progress  
in other ways. We publicly disclosed our U.S. Equal 
Employment Opportunity (EEO-1) Component 1 
diversity data and EEO-1 Component 2 pay data for 
the first time. And we added DEI goals as a component 
of our short-term incentive pay plan for all of our team 
members and executives, tying team member and 
executive compensation to our overall DEI goals and 
commitments. Our hope is that, by taking strong and 
transparent steps like these, we will encourage others 
in our industry to follow. Further data and details about 
these accomplishments and our global efforts to foster 
a diverse and inclusive workplace for all can be found in 
our 2021 DEI report. 

Our strong commitment to diversity, equality and 
inclusion (DEI) for all forms a foundation for how we 
operate our business, connect with our global team 
members and engage with the communities where 
we live and work. This commitment also requires bold 
actions and sustained follow-through. 

In FY20, we set six bold commitments, each with an 
executive sponsor, to advance DEI globally and at all 
levels of the company. We are proud that, by the end of 
FY21, we had met or exceeded four of our goals and 
were on our way to achieving all six:

 ▪ We achieved comprehensive global pay equity  

for all underrepresented groups. This goal included 
eliminating any statistically significant differences in 
total compensation (including base pay, cash bonuses 
and stock rewards) for team members in the U.S. who 
are veterans, Black and Hispanic/Latino, as well as 
globally for women and team members  
with disabilities. 

 ▪ We exceeded our goal to invest 3% of our cash 
investments with diverse financial institutions.  
Micron earmarked $300 million in FY21 to be 
managed by diverse firms and to support impact 
investment initiatives and strategies. That amount  
has been increased to $500 million for FY22, with 
services expanded to share repurchases.

47

Our commitments

Executive owner

Status FY21 key achievement

FY22 focus

on track

needs attention

1
Increase representation 
of underrepresented 
groups

Scott DeBoer 
Executive vice  
president of technology 
and products

2
Drive equitable pay and 
inclusive benefits

Sumit Sadana 
Executive vice  
president and chief 
business officer

3
Strengthen our culture 
of inclusion

April Arnzen 
Senior vice president 
and chief people officer

4
Advocate for racial and 
LGBTQ+ equality

Courtney Geduldig 
Corporate vice  
president of government 
and public affairs

5
Engage with diverse 
financial institutions for 
cash management

Greg Routin 
Vice president  
and treasurer

6
Increase representation 
and spend with  
diverse suppliers

Ben Tessone 
Corporate vice  
president and chief 
procurement officer

1 Scope of spend: Tier 1 and tier 2 diverse supplier spend.

2 Micron purchases with diverse tier 1 suppliers (“tier 1”).

Representation remained flat for U.S. race/
ethnicity in FY21, but underrepresented hires 
increased 5.4% for new hires and 7.3% 
for new college graduates. Representation 
increased 2.5% for female vice presidents.  

Continue to focus  
on inclusive hiring

We achieved comprehensive global pay 
equity in total employee compensation 
across base pay, cash bonuses and stock 
awards for all team members. 

Explore other ways 
to keep our benefits 
inclusive

99.9% of global team members completed 
one or more inclusion ally training sessions. 
We achieved an inclusion index score of 
85%, up seven points from FY20.

Retain and advance 
team members from 
underrepresented 
groups

We defined five key areas of focus for our 
Social Justice Council, seeking equality in the 
following areas:

Transition the Social 
Justice Council to an 
advisory board

 ▪ Economics 
 ▪ Education and the workplace 
 ▪ Technology 
 ▪ Civic 
 ▪ Environment and health 
We also provided $2.9 million to support 
racial and LGBTQ+ causes. The Micron PAC 
committed to donating $100,000 over the 
next three years to PACs supporting diverse 
congressional candidates. We provided 
DEI training to local police and municipal 
employees in Lehi, Utah, and Manassas, 
Virginia.

We exceeded our goal to invest 3%  
of our cash investments with diverse  
financial institutions.

Increase cash 
investments to  
$500 million in FY22

We increased our annual spend with diverse 
suppliers to $332 million1 — up from $104 
million in FY20.

Increase and advance 
opportunities for 
diverse suppliers

 ▪ $212 million in tier 1 spend2 
 ▪ $120 million in tier 2 spend3

3 Micron’s supplier spend with diverse suppliers that is directly tied to a Micron purchase order or contract where Micron has operational influence or control (“tier 2”).

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Creating allies across Micron 

Increasing diverse representation 

Creating an inclusive culture belongs to all of us, not  
just to members of underrepresented groups. Allies 
play an important role in encouraging everyone to feel 
welcome, and we worked throughout FY21 to help  
every Micron team member understand the importance 
of true, active allyship. 

We invested in ally training and set a goal for all team 
members to complete the training by the end of FY21. 
Team members could choose from nine versions of 
inclusion ally training offered by our ERGs (our 10th and 
newest ERG, the Asian American and Pacific Islander 
Network, formed after ally training was created). The 
training encourages team members to listen to stories 
from members of underrepresented groups and learn 
how to advocate for people in those communities. 

We also provided an ally/bystander intervention guide 
to all team members. The guide teaches team members 
what to do if they witness unprofessional conduct or 
microaggressions in the workplace. It offers scenarios 
for discussion and outlines appropriate intervention 
techniques, including when to interrupt and when it may 
be safer to avoid direct intervention and get help.

Micron deepened the conversation around allyship 
by participating in the 2021 Day of Understanding, an 
event created by CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion. 
This year’s theme, “Inclusion Allyship: Creating Space 
for All,” came to life through events around the world, 
including presentations, small-group discussions and 
conversations with Micron leaders about their personal 
allyship journeys. 

To maintain this momentum throughout the year, we 
recognize Global Inclusion Ally Award winners each 
quarter. In FY21, 26 team members received this honor 
with a callout by our executives during town hall meetings.

48

We are proud to have increased representation of 
women on our team at all levels and around the world 
in FY21. Notably, our sites in India, Malaysia and Taiwan 
now exceed semiconductor industry benchmarks for 
representation of women. We will continue to develop 
and support Micron’s female leadership pipeline by 
nurturing team members early in their leadership journey. 

In late FY21, the company launched our Elevate 
program, designed for female midlevel leaders at Micron. 
Fifty female leaders from around the world (20 in the U.S. 
and Europe and 30 in Asia) are participating. This group-
based program enables participants to network with 
each other, share tools and best practices, and identify 
their leadership styles. 

We have also led the way on diversifying our board of 
directors, achieving both 50% female representation and 
more than 60% diversity for race and gender. Our newest 
board member, Linnie Haynesworth, is also our first 
African American board member. With her appointment 
in February 2021, Micron surpassed the U.S. Nasdaq 
Stock Market LLC’s Board Diversity Rule before it went 
into effect. 

Despite these advancements in our leadership team, 
racial and ethnic diversity across our global teams held 
steady throughout the year.

Growing our ERGs

Team member voices are essential to our culture of 
inclusion. Our ERGs are behind much of our progress 
over the past year. With the creation of the Asian 
American and Pacific Islander Network (AAPIN), we now 
have 10 ERGs, providing community for team members 
who identify as Asian American and Pacific Islander, 

Black, Hispanic/Latino, women, young professionals, 
people with disabilities, tenured and experienced, 
veterans, multicultural or LGBTQ+, or allies to any  
of these groups. ERGs bring team members together 
and ensure they feel supported and empowered to  
stand up for equality — both within Micron and in  
their communities. 

Given the ERGs’ influence, Micron decided to better 
align the role of the ERGs with corporate goals, 
contributions to Micron’s business and professional 
development. Micron partnered with Robert Rodriguez, 
who has a doctorate in Organization Development 
and is the founder and president of DRR Advisors, to 
implement an industry-standard ERG operating model, 
the 4C Model. ERG leaders used the model to build more 
intentional, actionable objectives around culture, career, 
community and commerce into their ERG business 
plans. These 4Cs are all areas where ERGs  
can significantly influence Micron.

In FY21, Micron held the first annual ERG leadership 
summit. This two-day virtual event was attended  
by nearly 500 ERG leaders and executive sponsors 
around the world. Leaders learned about implementation 
of the 4C Model, and how their work with ERGs can 
support Micron, develop their leadership skills and  
grow their careers.

We also organized an ERG grants challenge through 
which the Micron Foundation awarded up to $50,000 
to charities selected by each ERG. Learn more about 
Micron’s charitable giving in the Communities section. 

By the numbers

30% 

of Micron team 
members were ERG 
members in FY21

108% 

increase in ERG 
membership since FY20 

20 

new ERG  
chapters added

5 

paid hours 
a month per 
member for 
ERG activities

$500,000

granted by the Micron Foundation for 
ERG-selected charities

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Fostering external partnerships 

One of Micron’s DEI commitments is to advocate for 
racial and LGBTQ+ equality beyond our business. We 
created a social justice council to explore how our 
people, philanthropy and policies can work together to 
drive change worldwide. Council members from around 
the globe will decide the best way to use Micron’s 
people and resources. To do so, the council focuses  
on five key areas:  

 ▪ Economic equality

 ▪ Education and workplace equality

 ▪ Technology equality

 ▪ Civic equality

 ▪ Environmental and health equality 

In FY22, we plan to transition the social justice council 
to an advisory board, but it will continue its important 
work, including establishing global commitments, 
advocating for criminal justice reform and supporting 
diverse U.S. congressional candidates. 

We also entered strategic partnerships to create a more 
inclusive workplace for all. For example, we joined 
the Alliance for Global Inclusion to tackle diversity 
issues in the semiconductor industry. We joined the 
Valuable 500, a coalition of more than 500 national and 
multinational corporations committed to unlocking the 
social and economic value of people with disabilities. 
We also became a corporate partner of Disability:IN, 
joining nearly 300 companies that work toward disability 
inclusion and equality. And we officially joined Out & 
Equal, an organization advocating for greater workplace 
equality for people in the LGBTQ+ community.

49

U.S. intersectionality FY21

Global percentage of women

Overall

from 2019 to 2021

1.7%

By group*

Nontechnical ( 

 0.8%)

Board of directors ( 

 25%)

 2.4%)

Technical ( 
Leaders ( 
 2.9%)
Vice presidents ( 
Senior leaders ( 

 3.6%)
 2.3%)

2019

2020

2021

Percentage point change between 2019-2021

* FY21 data definitions were changed to better align to Micron’s global job 
structure. Find the updated definitions in the DEI report data dictionary. 
Unknown by group excluded because variance is not statistically relevant.

60%

40%

20%

0%

White

2+ races

Men: 52.9%

Women: 10.1%

Men: 1.6%

Women: 0.4%

Asian

Unknown

Men: 17.2%

Women: 5.9%

Men: 3.5%

Women: 0.6%

Hispanic/latino

Men: 3.2%

Women: 0.9%

Black

Men: 2.5%

Women: 0.7%

Other underrepresented 
races/ethnicities

Men: 0.4%

Women: 0.1%

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Safety 
At Micron, safety is already a 
priority. We are working to evolve 
it into a value so embedded in our 
corporate culture that it becomes 
second nature.

Micron’s approach to safety can be summarized in  
two words: Live Safe. Live Safe is also the name of  
our comprehensive safety program, which completed 
its first full year in CY21. Live Safe is about every team 
member going home safe every day. The program aims 
to build a common baseline of understanding of safety 
culture and risk through structured training for team 
members, managers and leaders. These efforts focus 
on building awareness and capacities that eliminate risk 
and create confidence through a shared safety culture. 
Our safety culture has two components that are critical 
to the prevention of harm: 

 ▪ Actively caring for one another 

 ▪ Willingness to coach and be coached 

We expect team members at all levels of the 
organization to engage with safety-related topics by 
participating in safety training and campaigns and by 
considering safety before beginning work each day. 
This makes safety and health actionable for everyone. 
Our Live Safe handbook details relevant topics and 
guidelines that we expect team members to consider  
in their work. 

Our cultural process for safety (Live Safe) is coupled 
with strong management and technical programs, 
processes and procedures. Micron’s manufacturing 

50

locations are certified to ISO 45001:2018 safety and 
occupational health management systems, setting a 
foundation for an effective and auditable safety program. 
The following safety responsibilities are multilayered and 
involve all team members:

Health & safety committees
At every manufacturing site and comprising both 
management and nonmanagement team members

 ▪ Promote overall operations and communications 

regarding safety

 ▪ Ensure messaging reinforces safety programs, 

recognizes safe behaviors and highlights  
engagement activities

 ▪ Align our environmental, health and safety (EHS) 

management system and associated guidance with 
the latest ISO 45001 certifications 

 ▪ Participate in third-party audits through the RBA’s 

Validated Assessment Program 

Managers & supervisors
 ▪ Lead, implement and maintain safe, secure  

and compliant work areas

All team members & contractors
 ▪ Help identify, eliminate and control EHS  

hazards and risks

 ▪ Follow all EHS policies, procedures and applicable 
legal requirements, including those contained in 
Integrity Matters: The Micron Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics

Focusing on safety

As a result of the Live Safe program and associated 
initiatives, Micron achieved an important safety goal 
at the end of CY21: zero serious injuries or fatalities. 
These types of injuries may be associated with the nine 
critical risks that Micron has identified and managed. We 
also saw a reduction in recordable injury rates for both 
construction and operations. 

There is room to improve our performance even 
further. We have set a new goal to drive zero repeat 
injuries, which means that if an incident occurs on a 
Micron site, leaders must take action to help prevent a 
similar incident from occurring in the Micron network. 
Ultimately, we aim to transition from zero repeat to zero 
harm, a goal that will depend on emerging technologies 
to further reduce risk. 

Achieving zero harm will require evolving safety  
from a priority to a value so integral to our corporate 
culture that it becomes instinctual. To measure our 
success, we have identified five levels of safety 
engagement in the Live Safe program. Our organization 
is at the “priority” level of safety maturity, and we 
plan to be at the “value” level by 2023. Site maturity 
assessments and surveys will aid in identifying areas  
for continuous improvement, and we will be proactive  
in developing and adopting technology and best-in-
class methods to ensure we are mitigating risk before  
it leads to an incident. 

Five levels of safety engagement 

No Interest

Compliance

Instinctual

Priority

Value

Recordable injury rate

0.59

  Operations

  Construction

  Combined

0.43

0.32

0.14

0.16

0.26

0.12 0.16

2018

2019

2020

2021

Rates are based on 200,000 hours worked.

Micron began reporting injury rates for construction contractors in 2020.

313,597

training hours on EHS topics  
in FY21 for Team Members

100% of workers at manufacturing 
locations are covered by Occupational 
Health & Safety Management System*

*Management systems at all of Micron’s manufacturing sites cover 
employees and nonemployee workers. Approximately 84% of Micron 
team members are assigned to manufacturing locations.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Evolving our programs

All leaders in manufacturing participate in regular area 
safety assessments where they walk through their work 
environments looking for potentially unsafe conditions 
and behaviors. They also participate in behavioral safety 
assessments during which they observe their teams 
at work and share constructive feedback, including 
correcting unsafe behaviors. When issues are identified 
through an area safety walk or a behavioral assessment, 
we track corrections and timely closeouts. We also track 
that team members complete all required safety training. 

An ongoing mindset across multiple Micron functions 
is to “shift left” — to anticipate, prevent and detect 
issues or potential vulnerabilities as early as possible. 
Regarding safety, this means implementing best 
practices not just among our own team members 
but also among our suppliers whose employees help 
make up our extended workforce. We have tightened 
controls around our vendor selection and vendor 
contract requirements and begun to onboard select 
strategic suppliers to the Live Safe program. Soon, 
we will expand the scope of our Live Safe metrics to 
include suppliers and vendors, and leaders conducting 
safety audits will be expected to involve suppliers where 
possible. When more people are focused on safety, the 
safer each of us will be. 

While behavior and culture change are critical 
components of our approach, technology will play an 
important role as we work to improve on already world-
class safety performance. Micron is exploring several 
emerging technologies to help us assess, develop and 
ensure safe behaviors in our facilities. For example, 
safety professionals rely heavily on checklists, training 
and memory to carry out effective inspections. With 
countless details to track, they may occasionally 
overlook pertinent details. Augmented reality can help 

overcome this challenge. By wearing a headset not 
much larger than a pair of safety glasses, auditors can 
look for unsafe conditions while seeing important details 
projected virtually in their field of view. We are also 
investigating the use of augmented reality solutions to 
train team members at construction sites. 

Controlling access to hazardous work environments 
is another way to prevent injuries from occurring. To 
improve and enhance our controls, we are piloting an 
access control system at a site in Malaysia. This system 
would use biometric controls and geofencing to prevent 
workers from entering unauthorized areas or coming too 
close to obstructions, such as overhead power lines or 
storage locations for hazardous substances. 

Workplace safety inspections typically occupy about 
12.5% of an evaluator’s time each week. But even 
during an inspection, these people cannot possibly  
have eyes on all areas at all times. Another technology 
we are exploring involves CCTVs equipped with artificial 
intelligence strategically located throughout work 
sites. This technology would allow for 24/7 monitoring, 
which would not only detect more potentially unsafe 
conditions but also generate a wealth of data to help us 
better understand safety trends. In addition to detecting 
unsafe acts and conditions, CCTVs could enable us to 
see beyond barriers. When equipped with infrared and 
thermal detection, these devices can identify incipient 
fires or overheated surfaces and address these issues 
with automatic and human interaction. 

Each of these technologies holds great promise to save 
time and resources — and, most importantly, to keep 
Micron team members safe. 

51

Micron – Muar, Malaysia

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLE  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Ensuring safe use of chemicals  
in  manufacturing 

Micron is an industry leader in the responsible use 
of chemicals, gases and byproducts that are part 
of manufacturing. We focus on protecting our team 
members by identifying chemical hazards through a 
rigorous approval process, potentially eliminating or 
substituting these substances with materials of lower 
risk, implementing engineering controls, and providing 
information about hazards to team members through 
training. As appropriate, we provide team members  
with personal protective equipment, conduct regular  
medical checks, and monitor for concentrations  
of hazardous substances. 

Micron has implemented a risk-based approach of 
analyzing and controlling hazards for the lifecycle 
of hazardous chemicals and gases. A global team, 
coordinating with leadership, equipment engineering, 
and facilities at each manufacturing and technology 
development site, provides training, assesses risk, 
mitigates hazards and responds to incidents. 

These teams follow a risk-based program developed 
by the Center for Chemical Process Safety. It is built on 
20 elements that are essential to a successful process 
safety strategy. To discover and mitigate any safety 
concerns on fab workstations and facilities systems, 
teams primarily use a risk assessment tool known as 
a hazard and operability study (HAZOP). Worldwide, 
Micron team members have completed over 1,300 
HAZOPs since 2013. 

The global process safety and hazard review team is 
now improving a database of safety-critical information 
for all the gases and chemicals used at Micron. Through 
partnerships with process and equipment engineering 
teams, our efforts continue to reduce overall risk for our 
manufacturing and technology development sites.

Beyond protecting the people who make our products 
from hazardous substances, Micron works to mitigate 
adverse effects on the environment and comply with 
regulations everywhere we operate. We take a long-
term approach to eliminating the use of high-hazard 
materials, working across our industry to develop 
alternatives with lower risk. Although these are not 
regulatory requirements for Micron in some countries, 
we view this as a best practice that positions Micron 
as an industry leader to ensure the safety of our team 
members and their communities.

Maintaining a safe & healthy 
workplace during COVID-19 

Throughout CY21, Micron’s comprehensive emergency 
preparedness plan continued to provide the framework 
for our response. This plan, which is adjusted in real 
time, outlines risk-based categories that can be applied 
uniformly to mitigate risk and keep workers safe at our 
sites worldwide. In CY21, we adjusted the risk levels 
included in the plan to account for virus surges in many 
communities. While the plan provides technical internal 
guidance, the Micron COVID-19 Playbook serves as 
a source of information on protocols and Micron’s 

evolving pandemic response for team members, 
customers and suppliers. 

Given that many team members in our manufacturing 
facilities perform work that cannot be done remotely, 
we utilized safety protocols including safe distancing, 
cleaning and mask wearing in our facilities. We also 
upgraded air handling systems and installed bipolar 
ionization technology at sites worldwide that effectively 
removes the coronavirus from a building’s air flow. 

All U.S. employees, plus all U.S. contractors who must 
work inside our buildings to conduct their jobs, must 
be vaccinated against COVID-19 (with appropriate 
medical and religious exemptions). Micron has provided 
incentives and support to encourage vaccinations for 
team members and their families worldwide, including 
organizing vaccination clinics in the U.S., Malaysia, 
India, Japan and Taiwan, and offering in-home 
vaccinations for team members in India. While working 
on-site, all Micron workers around the globe, including 
suppliers and contractors, must take weekly COVID-19 
tests — with kits provided by Micron — and isolate 
according to our protocols if they test positive. If team 
members contract or are exposed to COVID-19 at work, 
we provide paid leave during their quarantine period, 
as well as paid leave for team members experiencing 
vaccination-related side effects.

52

Micron – Boise, Idaho

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022PEOPLECommunities

Micron – Taiwan

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Micron Gives promotes human potential through 
programs that deliver STEM education, basic human 
needs and equitable opportunities for all.

Since 1999, the Micron Foundation has supported the 
communities where we live, learn, work and play. Over 
the past several years, we have aligned all philanthropic 
efforts under the Micron Gives program, which enables 
team members to donate time and money to the causes 
they choose. It also invests in future generations of 
innovators and educators by developing and funding 
programs to promote science, technology, engineering 
and mathematics (STEM) education, with a focus on 
creating equitable opportunities for underrepresented 
groups and people in underserved communities. 
Alongside our team members, Micron Gives also invests 
in communities through charitable causes that address 
basic human needs.

In 2021, Micron built on our tremendous 2020 
momentum and leaned into new ways of responding 
to the COVID-19 pandemic and systemic racial 
inequalities. Our giving for 2021 totaled $13 million  
and reached 4.9 million lives. The largest portion  
of the Micron Foundation’s funding, $4.25 million, 
provided education grants to partners helping 
underrepresented and underserved students find 
pathways to STEM careers. 

We continued to deliver many of our K-12 programs 
virtually due to the pandemic. What began out of 
necessity has evolved into a benefit and enabled us to 
reach more students than ever, many in communities 
where such offerings have been harder to find. Whether 
we were hosting hands-on science activities, giving 
students the chance to explore careers in our industry 
or offering diversity and opportunity grants to global 
universities, these investments will provide opportunities 
for all for years to come. 

We also strengthened our support for social impact and 
equality, standing behind important initiatives to combat 
antisemitism and hate against Asian Americans and 
Pacific Islanders. To extend our influence and amplify 
the voice of our team members, we launched new 
diversity grants in collaboration with Micron ERGs.

The Micron Foundation continued to support urgent 
needs in our site locations around the world, responding 
to ongoing challenges associated with pandemic surges 
and natural disasters to provide access to care and 
basic human needs such as food, housing and supplies. 

54

Thinking globally & impacting locally in 2021 

4,900,000

total lives  
reached

271,971

volunteer  
hours

2,168
causes  
supported

Team member  
participation rate

60%

60%

40%

20%

0%

57%

60%

27%

2019

2020

2021

$13M

total giving

Program-related 
investments 

$1.56M

Enriching the 
Community

$2.7M

Matching 
gifts

$3.61M

Social 
impact

$840K

STEM 
education

$4.25M

$7.3M

cultivate giving 
program

Learn more at micron.com/gives

$3.7M  

in team member 
donations

$3.6M  

in matching gifts

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022COMMUNITIESAppendix

  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI index 

GRI standard

Disclosure

General disclosures

Organizational profile 

Location

102-1 Name of the organization 

Micron Technology, Inc.

102-2 Activities, brands, products and services 

Sustainability strategy / About Micron 
Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 3-9)

102-3 Location of headquarters 

Boise, Idaho, USA 

102-4 Location of operations 

Locations

102-5 Ownership and legal form 

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (cover)

102-6 Markets served 

Sustainability strategy / About Micron 
Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 3-9)

102-7 Scale of the organization 

Sustainability strategy / About Micron

102-8 Information on employees and other workers 

Performance at a glance | Diversity, equality & inclusion

102-9 Supply chain 

Reposible sourcing  / Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 10-11) / Sourcing Responsibly 
Responsible Minerals Policy / Conflict Minerals Report

102-10 Significant changes to the organization and 
its supply chain 

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 3-5) 

102-11 Precautionary principle or approach 

The risk and resilience program does not use the term “precautionary principle,” but Micron does recognize it is our responsibility to prevent harm from our 
actions. Micron’s enterprise risk management system puts controls in place when we know our actions have the potential to harm. As Micron reviews and creates 
new corporate policies, the “precautionary principle” term may be used.

102-12 External initiatives 

Specific charters / Principles are covered in the relevant section of sustainability report by topic

102-13 Membership of associations 

Sustainability strategy | Stakeholder engagement / Responsible sourcing

Strategy

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker 

Introduction | A message from our CEO

GRI 102: 
general 
disclosures 
2016 

56

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

General disclosures

Ethics and integrity 

Location

102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms of behavior 

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics / Supplier Requirements Standard 
Compliance and Ethics

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics 

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity / Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (p. 3) 
Compliance and Ethics / Compliance Helpline

Governance

102-18 Governance structure 

Sustainability strategy | Sustainability governance / Corporate Governance / Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 18-21)

102-19 Delegating authority 

Sustainability strategy | Sustainability governance / Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 15)

GRI 102: 
general 
disclosures 
2016 

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, 
environmental and social topics 

102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic,  
environmental and social topics 

Sustainability strategy | Sustainability governance 

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 13-14)

102-22 Composition of the highest governance body  
and its committees

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 18-21)

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body 

Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 18)

102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest governance body   Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 11)

102-25 Conflicts of interest  

Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 21) / Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (p. 18)

102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting purpose,  
values and strategy 

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 13-16)

102-27 Collective knowledge of highest governance body 

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 5-10)

102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance   Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 18)

102-29 Identifying and managing economic, environmental 
and social impacts 

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 13-16)

102-30 Effectiveness of risk management processes  

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 16-17)

57

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

General disclosures

Governance

Location

102-31 Review of economic, environmental,  
and social topics

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 13-16)

102-32 Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 16)

102-33 Communicating critical concerns

Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 21) / Corporate Governance

102-34 Nature and total number of critical concerns

Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 13)

102-35 Remuneration policies

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 25-61)

102-36 Process for determining remuneration

Micron 2021 Proxy  (pp. 25-61)

102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 

Micron 2021 Proxy (pp. 25-26)

102-38 Annual total compensation ratio

Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 57)

GRI 102: 
general 
disclosures 
2016

102-39 Percentage increase in annual total compensation ratio Micron 2021 Proxy (p. 57), Micron 2020 Proxy (p. 53)

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

Sustainability strategy | Stakeholder engagement 

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements 

In FY21, 8% of Micron’s team members were covered by collective bargaining agreements

102-42 Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Sustainability strategy | Stakeholder engagement 

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Sustainability strategy | Stakeholder engagement 

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised  

Sustainability strategy | ESG issue prioritization 

Reporting practice

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated financial statements Micron 2021 Form 10-K, p. 53, Exhibit 21.1

102-46 Defining report content and topic boundaries

Sustainability strategy | ESG issue prioritization  
Our report content is informed by our ESG issue prioritization, the GRI and SASB Standards.

102-47 List of material topics

Sustainability strategy | ESG issue prioritization

102-48 Restatements of information

Any restatements are footnoted, where applicable.

58

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

General disclosures

Reporting practice

Location

102-49 Changes in reporting

There were no significant changes from prior reporting periods

102-50 Reporting period

This report covers Micron’s sustainability performance in fiscal year 2021 (September 3, 2020, through Sept. 2, 2021) unless otherwise stated

GRI 102: 
general 
disclosures 
2016

102-51 Date of most recent report

Our previous sustainability report was issued in April 2021

102-52 Reporting cycle

Annual

102-53 Contact point for questions regarding the report

Sustainability@micron.com / Director of sustainability

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with 
the GRI Standards

Sustainability strategy | About this report 
Our 2021 sustainability report has been prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: core option

102-55 GRI content index

Appendix | GRI content index

102-56 External assurance

Independent limited level assurance statement

Material topics: 200 series economic topics

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 201: 
economic 
performance 
2016

Economic performance

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 39-46) / Communities 

201-1 Direct economic value generated and distributed

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 48-52) / Micron Gives Year-End Summary / Micron Gives / Communities 

Anti-corruption

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity / Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (pp. 31-32) 
Supplier Requirements Standard / Supplier Responsibility

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Micron’s processes for assessing risks of corruption are proprietary

GRI 205: 
anti-corruption 
2016

205-2 Communication and training about anti-corruption 
policies and procedures

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (pp. 31-32) 
Supplier Responsibility / Supplier Requirements Standard

59

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 200 series economic topics

Anti-corruption

GRI 205: 
anti-corruption 
2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 206: 
anti-
competitive 
behavior 2016

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption and actions taken

Micron treats the requested information as privileged and confidential. 
However, Micron has processes in place to investigate allegations and suspicions of corruption and, if substantiated, issue corrective actions.

Anti-competitive behavior

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (pp. 24-26)

206-1 Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, 
anti-trust and monopoly practices

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 29-31 and 66-68) 
In FY21, Micron incurred no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations.

GRI 207: tax

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability strategy | Tax policy  
Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 42, 45, 75-77)

GRI 207: 
tax 2019

207-1 Approach to tax

Sustainability strategy | Tax policy 

207-2 Tax governance, control and risk management

Sustainability strategy | Tax policy 

207-3 Stakeholder engagement and management of 
concerns related to tax

Sustainability strategy | Tax policy 

Material topics: 300 series environmental topics

Energy

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

GRI 302: 
energy 2016

302-1 Energy consumption within the organization

Products & innovation | Energy efficiency  
Operations & environment | Introduction  
Operations & environment | Goals & asprirations    
Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy  
Performance at a glance | Energy 
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure (section C8.2a)

60

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 300 series environmental topics

Energy

GRI 302: 
energy 2016

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

Operations & environment | Energy & GHG emissions  
Performance at a glance | Energy

302-5 Reductions in energy requirements of products 
and services

Products & innovation | Energy efficiency

Water and effluents

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Operations & environment | Introduction / Operations & environment | Goals & aspirations  
Operations & environment | Water  
Micron 2021 CDP Water Security Disclosure

GRI 303: 
water and 
effluents 2018

303-1 Interactions with water as a shared resource

303-2 Management of water discharge-related impacts

303-3 Water withdrawal

303-4 Water discharge

Operations & environment | Water  
Micron 2021 CDP Water Security Disclosure

Operations & environment | Water  
Micron 2021 CDP Water Security Disclosure

Performance at a glance | Water management 

Performance at a glance | Water management  

303-5 Water consumption

Performance at a glance | Water management 

Emissions

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Operations & environment | Introduction  
Operations & environment | Goals & aspirations 
Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

305-1 Direct (scope 1) GHG emissions

GRI 305: 
emissions 2016

305-2 Energy indirect (scope 2) GHG emissions

Performance at a glance | Greenhouse gas emissions  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

Performance at a glance | Greenhouse gas emissions  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

305-3 Other indirect (scope 3) GHG emissions

Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure (for CY20)

61

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 300 series environmental topics

Emissions

GRI 305: 
emissions 2016

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy 

305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions

Waste

Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy 
Performance at a glance | Greenhouse gas emissions 

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Operations & environment | Introduction  
Operations & environment | Goals & aspirations  
Operations & environment | Hazardous substance & waste  
Operations & environment | Waste management  

GRI 306: 
waste 2020

306-1 Waste generation and significant  
waste-related impacts

Operations & environment | Hazardous & restricted substances  
Operations & environment | Waste management  

306-2 Management of significant waste-related impacts

Operations & environment | Hazardous & restricted substances  
Operations & environment | Waste management 

306-3 Waste generated

Performance at a glance | Waste management 

306-4 Waste diverted from disposal

Operations & environment | Waste management   
Performance at a glance | Waste management  

306-5 Waste directed to disposal

Performance at a glance | Waste management 

62

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 300 series environmental topics

Environmental compliance

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 307: 
environmental 
compliance 201

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Operations & environment  
Global Environmental, Health and Safety Policy 
Environmental Management Systems

307-1 Non-compliance with environmental laws  
and regulations

Supplier environmental assessment

Micron received $157,101.00 in significant fines (greater than $25,000) and 3 notices of violation in CY2021.

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Responsible sourcing  
Responsible sourcing | Supplier environmental impact  
Supplier Expectations 
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
Global Environmental, Health and Safety Policy

GRI 308: 
supplier 
environmental 
assessment 
2016

308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria

In FY21, 100% of all 878 new suppliers were screened for environmental criteria during our onboarding process. 
Responsible sourcing  
Supplier Expectations 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
Global Environmental, Health and Safety Policy

308-2 Negative environmental impacts in the supply  
chain and actions taken

Of the suppliers assessed in FY21, none were identified to have environmental-related findings that required improvement plans. 
No suppliers were found to meet criteria for termination as a result of noncompliance with environmental issues. 
Responsible sourcing

Material topics: 400 series social topics

Employment

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

People 

401-1 New employee hires and employee turnover

People | Acquiring talent  
Performance at a glance | Turnover  
Micron considers new hire information to be confidential and therefore does not publicly disclose it.

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 401: 
employment 
2016

63

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 400 series social topics

Employment

GRI 401: 
employment 
2016 

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees that are 
not provided to temporary or part-time employees

Candidate

Occupational health and safety

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

People | Safety  
Global Environmental, Health and Safety Policy 
Health and safety management systems

GRI 403: 
occupational 
health and 
safety 201

403-1 Occupational health and safety management system People | Safety 

403-2 Hazard identification, risk assessment, 
and incident investigation

People | Safety 

403-3 Occupational health services

People | Safety 

403-4 Worker participation, consultation, and 
communication on occupational health and safety

People | Safety 

403-5 Worker training on occupational health and safety

As of September 2021, 100% of team members had completed at least one form of occupational health and safety training. 
Over 313,000 health and safety training hours were logged in CY21. 
People | Safety 

403-6 Promotion of worker health

People | Safety

403-7 Prevention and mitigation of occupational health and 
safety impacts directly linked by business relationships

People | Safety 

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational health and  
safety management system

Management systems at all of Micron’s manufacturing sites cover 100% of employees and nonemployee workers. 
Approximately 84% of Micron team members are assigned to manufacturing locations in FY21. 
Performance at a glance | Health and safety 

403-9 Work-related injuries

Performance at a glance | Health and safety 

64

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 400 series social topics

Training and education

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

People | People and leader development 

404-1 Average hours of training per year per employee

Performance at a glance | Professional development 

GRI 404: 
training and 
education 2016

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills and 
transition assistance programs

Micron provides global transitional assistance programs for those team members affected by a reduction in workforce. Transitional assistance includes career 
guidance, resume writing and access to career opportunities, both regionally and globally. 

404-3 Percentage of employees receiving regular 
performance and career development reviews

In FY21, all eligible employees received a performance review. In FY21, eligible employees made up 50.6% of Micron’s total workforce and are those with at least 
three months of performance in the fiscal year, not including contractors, union workers, fixed-term employees. 
People | People and leader development 

Diversity and equal opportunity

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

People | Diversity, equality & inclusion  
Micron 2021 diversity, equality & inclusion report

405-1 Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Micron 2021 diversity, equality & inclusion report 
Performance at a glance | Diversity, equality & inclusion 

405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of 
women to men

Non-discrimination

Micron 2021 diversity, equality & inclusion report (p. 24)

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

People | Diversity, equality & inclusion  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
Micron 2021 diversity, equality & inclusion report

406-1 Incidents of discrimination and corrective 
actions taken

Micron reports internally on allegations, including discrimination. We provide this report to the chief people officer and general counsel monthly and to the CEO 
and the board of directors’ audit committee quarterly. All allegations of discrimination reported through human resources, compliance or other channels are fully 
investigated and documented, and appropriate actions are taken.

GRI 405: 
diversity 
and equal 
opportunity 2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 406: non-
discrimination 
2016

65

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Material topics: 400 series social topics

Location

Freedom of association and collective bargaining

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016 

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics / Human Rights Policy / Supplier Expectations

407-1 Operations and suppliers in which the right 
to freedom of association and collective bargaining 
may be at risk

Micron monitors human rights concerns in our supply chain, including freedom of association 
Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Human Rights Policy and Supplier Expectations include the right for freedom of association, 
and we audit our manufacturing sites through the RBA validated assessment program. 
Responsible sourcing | Human & labor rights 

Child labor

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity   
Responsible sourcing | Human & labor rights  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (p. 8) / Human Rights Policy

408-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of child labor

The Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Human Rights Policy explicitly prohibit child labor or the exploitation of children. In addition, our suppliers 
must follow RBA standards on labor, health, safety, the environment, ethics and management systems, regardless of local law or custom.  
Responsible sourcing | Human & labor rights

Forced or compulsory labor

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity  
Responsible sourcing | Human & labor rights  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (p. 8) / Human Rights Policy

409-1 Operations and suppliers at significant risk for 
incidents of forced or compulsory labor

As stated in the Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Human Rights Policy, Micron forbids the use of forced labor, bonded (including debt bondage) 
labor, indentured labor, involuntary or exploitative prison labor, slavery or trafficking in our own operations or in those of our supply chain. Our commitment to 
these concerns is made public through our Combating Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking statement. In addition, our suppliers are expected to follow RBA 
standards on labor, health, safety, the environment, ethics and management systems, regardless of local law or custom. 

Human rights assessment

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Sustainability strategy | Ethics & integrity  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (p. 8) / Human Rights Policy

Responsible sourcing | Human & labor rights

GRI 407: 
freedom of 
association 
and collective 
bargaining 2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 408: child 
labor 2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016 

GRI 409: 
forced or 
compulsory 
labor 2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

66

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 400 series social topics

Human rights assessment

412-2 Employee training on human rights policies  
or procedures

As of September 2021, 98% of team members completed human rights trainings on topics including code of conduct, 
human trafficking and harassment. Over 43,000 training hours were logged in FY21 on these subjects.

Local communities

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Communities 

413-1 Operations with local community engagement, 
impact assessments, and development programs

Communities  
Sustainability strategy | Stakeholder engagement 

Supplier social assessment

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Responsible sourcing  
Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (p. 8) 
Human Rights Policy

414-1 New suppliers that were screened using social criteria

In FY21, 100% of new suppliers were screened for safety and labor management criteria during our onboarding process. 
Responsible sourcing  
Supplier Expectations

414-2 Negative social impacts in the supply chain 
and actions taken

Responsible sourcing  
Of the suppliers assessed in FY21, 2% were identified to have labor-related findings and of these, the majority have committed to action plans. 
8 suppliers were found to meet criteria for termination as a result of noncompliance with social issues

Customer health and safety

416-1 Assessment of the health and safety impacts 
of product and service categories

Operations & environment | Hazardous & restricted substances  
Micron assesses the health and safety impacts and potential for improvement of all product categories

GRI 412: 
human rights 
assessment 2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016

GRI 413: local 
communities 
2016

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016 

GRI 414: 
supplier social 
assessment 
2016

GRI 416: 
customer health 
and safety  
2016

67

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

GRI standard

Disclosure

Location

Material topics: 400 series social topics

Marketing and labeling

GRI 417: 
marketing and 
labeling 2016

417-1 Requirements for product and service information 
and labeling

Sustainability strategy 
Ethics & integrity in Micron embeds environmental and regulatory compliance into the product design process, aligning our products to requirements 
in a number of different jurisdictions

Suppliers are required to comply with Micron’s environmental product compliance specifications, which contain a list of banned and restricted substances. 
Solid-state drive product labels bear multiple safety/emissions/substance marks: CE-EU EMI/RoHS, FCC — US EMI, VCCI — Japan, BSMI — EMI/RoHS, 
ICES — Canada EMI, RCM — AUS/NZ EMI, KC — Korea EMI, Morocco — Morocco EMI, UL — US/Canada safety, TUV — Germany safety, or China RoHS. 
Halogen-free text is included where applicable. The WEE symbol is also included per customer request; however, Micron’s current obligation is only to notify  
the customer of material content. Module product labels bear the CE mark, indicating EMI/RoHS compliance.

RoHS and low halogen compliance is built into the part number

Customer privacy

103-1 Explanation of the material topic and its boundary 
103-2 The management approach and its components 
103-3 Evaluation of the management approach

Products & innovation | Platform & data protection

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning breaches 
of customer privacy and losses of customer data

In FY21, Micron had no identified leaks, thefts or losses of customer data and received no substantiated complaints from customers, outside parties or regulatory 
bodies concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.

GRI 103: 
management 
approach 2016 

GRI 418: 
customer 
privacy 2016

68

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

SASB index

Topic

Accounting metric

Code

Disclosure location

Greenhouse 
gas emissions

1. Gross global scope 1 emissions 
2. Amount of total emissions from perfluorinated compounds

TC-SC-110a.1

Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy or plan to 
manage scope 1 emissions, emissions reduction targets, 
and an analysis of performance against those targets

TC-SC-110a.2

Performance at a glance | Greenhouse gas emissions  
Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

Performance at a glance | Greenhouse gas emissions  
Operations & environment | Goals & aspirations  
Operations & environment | Greenhouse gas emissions & energy  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

Energy 
management in 
manufacturing

1. Total energy consumed 
2. Percentage grid electricity 
3. Percentage renewable

Water 
management

1. Total water withdrawn 
2. Total water consumed, percentage of each in regions 
with high or extremely high baseline water stress

Waste 
management

Amount of hazardous waste from manufacturing, 
percentage recycled 

Description of efforts to assess, monitor, and reduce 
exposure of employees to human health hazards

Employee 
safety

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with employee health and 
safety violations

TC-SC-130a.1

Performance at a glance | Energy  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

TC-SC-140a.1

TC-SC-150a.1

TC-SC-320a.1

Performance at a glance | Water management  
Operations & environment | Water  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure

Performance at a glance | Waste management  
Operations & environment | Waste management 

Operations & environment  
People | Safety 

TC-SC-320a.2

In CY21, Micron was notified of one health and safety violation with a resulting fine of $2,166 USD.  
Performance at a glance | Safety 

Product 
lifecycle 
management

Percentage of products by revenue that contain 
IEC 62474 declarable substances

TC-SC-410a.1

While we do not feel a single percentage by revenue is an effective measure of performance and do not use this specific metric as a key 
performance indicator, our approach to declarable substances contained in products can be found in: 
Operations & environment | Hazardous & restricted substances

Processor energy efficiency at a system-level for: 
(1) servers, (2) desktops, and (3) laptops

TC-SC-410a.2

While this specific standard disclosure is not a relevant metric for Micron given the breadth of the company’s product portfolio and 
manufacture of memory and storage (rather than processors), Micron recognizes the importance of product energy efficiency. 
Our approach to this topic and data about the efficiency of some recent products can be found in: 
Products & innovation | Energy efficiency and Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 5-10)

Materials 
sourcing

Description of the management of risks associated with 
the use of critical materials

TC-SC-440a.1

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 10, 22-23, 27) 
Responsible sourcing | Responsible minerals  
Responsible Minerals Policy / Conflict Minerals Report / Supplier Expectations

69

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Topic

Accounting metric

Code

Disclosure location

Recruiting 
& managing a 
global & skilled 
workforce

Percentage of employees that are: 
1. Foreign nationals 
2. Located offshore

TC-SC-330a.1

Micron’s global business model provides opportunities for team members to complete assignments in different countries. 
In FY2021, 5% of the workforce was foreign nationals and 76% were located outside the U.S. 

The geographic distribution of team members for FY21 is included in Performance at a glance | People | Global workforce  

Micron is committed to protecting workers per the Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. Our code provides guidelines on how 
to act with integrity and make the right choices. It summarizes the laws and ethical principles that apply to our work, including industry 
standards like the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) code of conduct. We are strongly committed to respecting and protecting human 
rights wherever we operate. To that end, we follow all applicable laws relating to working hours and wages. Micron does not retain 
employees’ identity or immigration original documents, such as government-issued identification, passports or work permits, unless such 
holdings are required by law. To protect human rights beyond our direct operations, Micron further requires our suppliers and contractors 
to adopt the same or similar standards.

In addition to the defined SASB metrics, Micron recognizes the importance of managing workforce recruitment, education, training, 
engagement, and turnover as elements of recruiting and managing a global and skilled workforce (elements also mentioned in the 
SASB semiconductor standard), as well as diversity, equality and inclusion in the workforce, and we report extensively on these in our 
sustainability report and elsewhere.

People | People and leader development  
People | Diversity, equality & inclusion  
Performance at a glance | Diversity, equality & inclusion 
Performance at a glance | Turnover / Performance at a glance | Professional development 
2021 diversity, equality & inclusion Report / Micron 2021 Form 10-K (p. 26)

Intellectual 
property 
protection & 
competitive 
behavior

Total amount of monetary losses as a result 
of legal proceedings associated with 
anti-competitive behavior regulations

TC-SC-520a.1

Micron 2021 Form 10-K (pp. 29 and 66-67)  
GRI index | GRI 206-1 

70

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

TCFD index

Disclosure focus area

Recommended disclosure

Summary response

Reference: detailed information

Our board considers ESG issues including climate change to be an integral part of 
its business oversight and our corporate strategy, and monitors the development 
and integration of this strategy, regularly reviewing performance. 

ESG issues including climate change are overseen by a cross-functional 
sustainability council made up of Micron senior leaders representing a range of 
functions. Micron has also deployed an Environmental Sustainability operations 
team focused on managing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions among other 
environmental issues. 

Sustainability strategy | Sustainability governance 
Environment 
Micron 2021 Proxy / Sustainability (pp. 15-16), risk assessment and 
mitigation (pp. 16-17), fiscal 2021 executive compensation (p. 38) 
Governance and Sustainability Committee (sections 1.05 and 4.12)   
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure 
(C1.1a, C1.1b, C1.2, C1.2a, C1.3, C1.3a)

Micron has manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural 
occurrences and possible climate change, and we are subject to a variety of laws, 
regulations, or industry standards, including with respect to climate change, 
that may have a material adverse effect on our business.

Micron 2021 Form 10-K / Supply chain, materials, and third-party service 
Providers (p. 10), environmental compliance (p. 13) / Trade regulations (p. 14) 
Item 1A. risk factors (pp. 22-33, 25, 33) 
Sustainability strategy | Opportunity & risk 
Products & innovation | Energy efficiency / Environment 
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure (C2., C3.3, C3.4)

Governance

Disclose the organization’s 
governance around climate-
related risks and opportunities.

A. Describe the board’s 
oversight of climate-related 
risks and opportunities. 
B. Describe management’s role 
in assessing and managing climate-
related risks and opportunities.

Strategy

Disclose the actual and 
potential impacts of climate-
related risks and opportunities 
on the organization’s 
businesses, strategy and 
financial planning.

A. Describe the climate-related risks 
and opportunities the organization has 
identified over the short, medium,  
and long term. 
B. Describe the impact of climate-
related risks and opportunities on the 
organization’s businesses, strategy, and 
financial planning. 
C. Describe the resilience of the 
organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related 
scenarios, including a 2°C or  
lower scenario.

71

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Disclosure focus area

Recommended disclosure

Summary response

Reference: detailed information

We designed our ERM program to clearly identify risk management roles and 
responsibilities, bring together senior management to discuss risk, promote visibility 
and constructive dialogue, and facilitate risk response and mitigation strategies, 
including with regard to climate risks.

Micron 2021 Proxy / Risk assessment and mitigation (pp. 16-17)
Sustainability strategy | Opportunity & risk /  
Sustainability Strategy | ESG issue prioritization / Environment 
Responsible sourcing  
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure (C2.2, C2.2a)

Micron monitors numerous metrics to measure progress towards achieving our 
environmental targets including reduction of emissions intensity, scope 1 & 2  
emissions, overall energy consumption and renewable energy use.

Environment | Goals & aspirations / Greenhouse gas emissions & energy 
Micron 2021 CDP Climate Change Disclosure (C6., C7., C8.)

Risk management

Disclose how the organization 
identifies, assesses and 
manages climate-related risks.

A. Describe the organization’s 
processes for identifying and 
assessing climate-related risks. 
B. Describe the organization’s processes 
for managing climate-related risks. 
C. Describe how processes for identifying, 
assessing, and managing climate-related 
risks are integrated into the organization’s 
overall risk management.

Metrics and targets

Disclose the metrics and 
targets used to assess and 
manage relevant  
climate-related risks and 
opportunities where such 
information is material.

A. Disclose the metrics used by the 
organization to assess climate-related 
risks and opportunities in line with its 
strategy and risk management process. 
B. Disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, 
if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, and the related risks. 
C. Describe the targets used by the 
organization to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities and 
performance against targets.

72

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Performance at a glance
Environment*

Energy

Metric

Energy consumption 

Purchased electricity 

Purchased steam

Purchased cooling

Fuel

Renewable electricity  
generated on-site

Purchased renewable electricity

MWh

Total energy consumption

Grid electricity consumed

MWh

%

Energy savings

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

MWh

5,612,213

6,103,208

6,832,439

7,784,153

82,522

81,541

84,806

88,731

112,814

112,593

115,191

113,317

2,143,649

2,265,111

2,366,055

2,431,468

46

-

45

-

26

-

86

556

7,951,262

8,562,498

9,398,517

10,418,310

71%

71%

73%

75%

Energy savings

MWh

53,339

53,981

157,054

145,000

Fuel includes natural gas, diesel and other fuels

Information is collected and reported to CDP annually

Data assumptions and calculations are consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas 
Inventories, 2006

*Environmental data are calendar year end 2021, except where noted

73

Energy breakdown by source for CY21

Energy consumption

Fuel
23%

Purchased 
electricity
75%

 Purchased 
steam  1%
 Purchased 
cooling  1%
 Purchased 
renewable  
electricity  <1%
 Renewable  
electricity 
generated 
on-site  <1%

Progress toward CY22  
energy savings goal

76%
2020

100%
savings target

95%
2021

9.40

6.83

8.56

6.10

10.42

7.78

7.95

5.61

2.14

2.27

2.37

2.43

.195
2018

.194
2019

.200
2020

.201
2021

  Purchased electricity   
  Fuel 
  Purchased steam and cooling 

Energy consumption in millions of megawatt hours (M MWh)

Renewable electricity purchased and renewable electricity 
generated on-site not depicted

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

Emissions from operations (Scope 1) by geography

Scope 1 & Scope 2 GHG emissions

Scope 1 (operations) – by geography

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

Singapore

Japan

United States

Taiwan

China

Malaysia

Scope 1 (operations) – by source

Process GHGs

Heat transfer fluid

Fuel combustion

Refrigerant

Solvent combustion

Mobile sources

GHG emissions

Emissions from operations (Scope 1)

Emissions from purchased energy 
(Scope 2, market-based)

Total GHG

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

MTCO2e

1,085,276

1,130,430 

1,331,705

1,532,652

875,807

654,551

289,216

39,363

1,522

1,054,666 

1,046,491

999,019

560,248 

405,697 

41,844 

1,658 

483,568

373,039

46,011

1,073

454,040

418, 223

54,324

1,226

1,861,215

2,076,740

2,284,713

2,477,358

613,251

434,967

31,241

4,544

517

634,075

459,561

14,965

8,491

711

486,488

480,015

21,436

8,816

418

455,538

493,123

24,889

8,090

485

2,945,735

3,194,543 

3,281,887

3,459,483

3,177,989 

3,502,772 

3,859,402

3,961,500

6,123,724 

6,697,315 

7,141,289

7,420,983

Emissions for calendar year in metric ton CO2-equivalents

Information is collected and reported to CDP annually

Data assumptions and calculations are consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006.

Scope 2 includes market based

74

China
2%

Taiwan
12%

United States
13%

Singapore
44%

Japan
29%

7.14

3.86
71

7.42

3.96
71

6.70

3.50
68

6.12

3.18
64

2.95

3.19

3.28

3.46

2018

2019

2020

2021

  Emissions from purchased energy  
    (Scope 2, market-based)
  Emissions from operations (Scope 1)

Emissions for calendar year in million metric ton CO2 equivalents

Emissions from operations (Scope 1) by source

Fuel combustion

14%

Heat  
transfer fluid

13%

Refrigerants, vehicles 
& VOC abatement

1%

Process GHGs

72%

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Water management

Water mass balance

Water withdrawal by source

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

713,111

248,669

1,165,525

994,018

7,877,228

8,228,996

7,581,000

6,548,186

Discharged

Recycle/reuse

Withdrawal

43

64

56

39,715,745

41,561,428

46,445,195

48,353,405

Consumption

13

6,018

3,247

3,630

8,309

48,312,102

50,042,340

55,195,350

55,903,918

Water volume is in milions of cubic meters (m3)

47%

1%

1%

1%

47,718,064

49,392,219

54,211,655

63,554,285

50%

50%

50%

53%

5,538,003

6,012,551

6,381,692

5,626,321

32,430,556

32,844,397

36,044,080

37,049,739

37,968,559

38,856,948

42,425,772

42,676,060

Water progress toward target
Water conservation through reuse, recycling  
and restoration

53%
2021

100%
aspiration

75%
2030 target

Water withdrawal by source

Surface water

Groundwater

Municipal water

Rainwater

Total volume of  
water withdrawn

From regions with high  
or extremely high baseline  
water stress*

m3

m3

m3

m3

m3

%

Water reuse, recycle & restoration

Water reuse, recycle  
& restoration

Water reuse, recycle  
& restoration rate

Water discharge by destination

Surface water

Third-party POTW

Total discharged

Water consumed

m3

%

m3

m3

m3

Total water consumed

m3

10,343,351

11,185,192

12,769,578

13,227,858

Water data is calendar year

POTW: Publicly owned treatment works

*Change in percentage from regions with high baseline water stress between 2018-2019 is the result of updating to the WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas 3.0.

75

Rainwater
<1%

Surface water
2%

Groundwater
12%

Municipal water
86%

Water use & recycle

f
o
s
n
o

i
l
l
i

m
n

i

e
m
u
o
v

l

r
e
t
a
W

)
3

m

(

s
r
e
t
e
m
c
b
u
c

i

119M

109M

64M

54M

96M

99M

48M

49M

48M

50M

55M 56M

2018

2019

2020

2021

   Reuse, recycle & restoration

   Withdrawal

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Waste management

Unit

2018

2019

2020

2021

Waste progress toward target
Reuse, recycling and recovery

Waste generated

Hazardous waste

Nonhazardous waste

Total waste

Waste diverted

Hazardous waste diverted

Nonhazardous waste diverted

Total waste diverted

Waste directed to disposal

Hazardous waste disposed

Nonhazardous waste disposed

Total waste disposed

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

kg

99,197,996

115,289,074

131,740,105

151,084,776

64,191,329

68,066,213

70,546,528

75,496,289

163,389,325

183,355,288

202,286,633

226,581,065

80,563,710

92,100,205

103,561,577

120,334,345

Includes energy recovery

45,420,511

44,316,342

46,430,851

54,440,596

125,984,221

136,416,547

149,992,428

174,774,941

18,634,286

23,188,869

28,178,528

30,750,431

18,770,818

23,749,872

24,115,677

21,055,693

90%
2021

100%
Aspiration

95%
2030 target

Total waste

68M

64M

75M

71M

99M

115M

132M 151M

2018

2019

2020

2021

    Hazardous waste

    Nonhazardous waste

Total waste in millions of kilograms (M kg)

37,405,104

46,938,741

52,294,205

51,806,124

Hazardous waste breakdown 

Nonhazardous waste breakdown 

Waste reuse/recycle/recovery rate %

82%

81%

84%

90%

Waste data is calendar year

Waste directed to disposal includes energy recovery, incineration, landfill and other treatment

Waste reuse/recycle/recovery percentage includes energy recovery

Waste diverted excludes energy recovery

Other disposal

4%

On-site reuse

4%

Off-site reuse

10%

Energy recovery

15%

 Recovery1  4%
 Landfill  2%
 Incineration  <1%

Energy recovery

9%

Recovery1

11%

Landfill

15%

Recycle

61%

 Other disposal  3%

 Composting  <1%

 Off-site reuse  <1%

 On-site reuse  <1%

Recycle

58%

1Recovery excludes energy recovery

1Recovery excludes energy recovery

76

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Responsible Sourcing

People

Diversity, equality & inclusion

Responsible Business Alliance Validated Assessment Program

Gender representation

Average site audit score

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

Female Male

Female Male

Female Male

Female Male

Site audit scores valid as of

December 31, 2021

Board of directors

14%

86%

25%

75%

37.5%

62.5%

50%

50%

No. of sites in scope

9

Average RBA audit score (out of 200)

193.2

By roles

Management & executives

10%

90%

13%

87%

14%

86%

17%

83%

Technical & engineering

20%

80%

21%

79%

21%

79%

23%

77%

Micron manufacturing sites undergo RBA VAP audits approximately every two years. Most recent audit for each 
site as of 12/31/21 is included.

Non-technical 

62%

38%

62%

38%

60%

40%

56%

44%

Global team members

Total headcount by gender

30%

70%

29%

71%

29%

71%

30%

70%

Global workforce

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

Global headcount

34,000

37,000

40,000

43,000

By region

Europe

Americas

Asia

3%

28%

69%

2%

26%

72%

2%

27%

71%

2%

24%

74%

77

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX 
 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Diversity, equality & inclusion

Race & ethnicity

Board of directors

FY18

Black

Hispanic/Latino

Asian

2 or more

Other underrepresented

White

0%

0%

14%

0%

0%

86%

FY19

0%

0%

FY20

0%

0%

12.5%

12.5%

0%

0%

0%

0%

87.5%

87.5%

FY21

13%

0%

13%

0%

0%

75%

U.S. race & ethnicity

U.S. overall

FY19

FY20

FY21

Black

Hispanic/Latino

Asian

2 or more

3%

4%

21%

2%

Other underrepresented

<1%

White

Unknown

68%

2%

3%

5%

23%

2%

<1%

65%

2%

3%

4%

23%

2%

1%

63%

4%

78

U.S. intersectionality

 Hispanic/Latino
Women
FY21: 0.9%
FY20: 1.0%
FY19: 0.9%

Men
FY21: 3.2%
FY20: 3.5%
FY19: 3.3%

 White
Women
FY21: 10.1%
FY20: 10.2%
FY19: 10.6%

Men
FY21: 52.9%
FY20: 55.2%
FY19: 57.3%

 Asian
Men
FY21: 17.2%
FY20: 17.2%
FY19: 16.0%

Women
FY21: 5.9%
FY20: 5.7%
FY19: 5.2%

 Black
Women
FY21: 0.7%
FY20: 0.6%
FY19: 0.5%

 2+ races
Women
FY21: 0.4%
FY20: 0.4%
FY19: 0.4%

Men
FY21: 2.5%
FY20: 2.4%
FY19: 2.2%

Men
FY21: 1.6%
FY20: 1.5%
FY19: 1.4%

 Other underrepresented   

    races/ethnicities

Women
FY21: 0.1%
FY20: 0.1%
FY19: 0.1%

Men
FY21: 0.4%
FY20: 0.3%
FY19: 0.4%

 Unknown
Women
FY21: 0.6%
FY20: 0.3%
FY19: 0.3%

Men
FY21: 3.5%
FY20: 1.7%
FY19: 1.4%

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

U.S. race/ethnicity by group*

Vice presidents

White

Asian

Black

Hispanic/Latino

Technical

White

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

58.9%

FY21

33.3%

FY21

2.2%

FY21

65.8%

71.4%

FY20

FY19

26.3%

22.9%

FY20

FY19

Other**

2+ races

Unknown

0.0%

FY21

2.2%

FY21

0.0%

0.0%

FY20

FY19

2.6%

2.9%

FY20

FY19

FY20

FY19

2.6%

1.4%

3.3%

1.3%

1.4%

Senior leaders

White

65.4%

FY21

26.7%

FY21

0.6%

FY21

Asian

Black

Hispanic/Latino

68.0%

74.2%

FY20

FY19

24.6%

19.5%

FY20

FY19

Other**

0.3%

FY21

1.6%

FY21

2+ races

Unknown

0.2%

0.2%

FY20

FY19

1.4%

1.5%

FY20

FY19

FY20

FY19

0.9%

0.6%

3.0%

2.1%

1.7%

Leaders
White

Asian

Black

Hispanic/Latino

66.9%

FY21

70.4%

74.2%

FY20

FY19

22.8%

FY21

20.4%

17.5%

FY20

FY19

Other**

0.4%

FY21

1.6%

FY21

2+ races

Unknown

0.3%

0.4%

FY20

FY19

1.3%

1.2%

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

1.9%

2.0%

1.7%

3.6%

2.3%

1.7%

0.0%

1.3%

0.0%

2.4%

2.8%

2.4%

2.7%

3.3%

3.3%

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

FY21

FY20

FY19

79

62.2%

FY21

24.2%

FY21

2.9%

FY21

Asian

Black

Hispanic/Latino

64.6%

66.7%

FY20

FY19

24.3%

22.9%

FY20

FY19

Other**

2+ races

Unknown

0.5%

FY21

0.3%

0.4%

FY20

FY19

1.9%

FY21

1.8%

1.7%

FY20

FY19

FY20

FY19

2.5%

2.5%

4.3%

2.0%

1.7%

Nontechnical

White

68.2%

FY21

16.1%

FY21

5.2%

FY21

Asian

Black

Hispanic/Latino

69.6%

74.4%

FY20

FY19

15.0%

11.9%

FY20

FY19

Other**

2+ races

Unknown

0.8%

FY21

0.9%

0.8%

FY20

FY19

2.6%

FY21

2.4%

2.2%

FY20

FY19

FY20

FY19

5.2%

4.1%

2.6%

1.6%

1.4%

4.1%

4.4%

4.1%

4.5%

5.2%

5.2%

* FY21 data definitions were changed to better align to Micron’s global job structure. Find the updated definitions in the 2021 Diversity, Equality & Inclusion Report. 
** Other underrepresented races/ethnicities.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Health and safety

Health & safety

Occupational health & safety  
management system

Workers covered

Incidents

Professional development

CY21  

Recordable injury rate

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

100%

0.32

0.59

0.26

0.43

Total training hours

1,525,216

2,021,762

1,697,907

2,672,204

Average training hours per team member

42.4

54.1

43.1

62.0

0.14

0.16

0.12

0.16

Average professional development investment  
per full-time equivalent

$348

$343

$368

$354

2018

2019

2020

2021

Average professional development investment per FTE has been restated for prior years based on current year methodology  
(data in USD)

  Operations recordable injury rate
    Construction recordable injury rate
    Combined recordable injury rate

Recordable injury rateis based on calendar year periods. Construction 
recordable rates not tracked separately until 2020. Operations includes 
Micron’s manufacturing sites. Non-manufacturing sites are not included. 
Recordable injury rates are based on 200,000 hours worked.

Starting in 2020, contractors are included in the recordable injury  
rate calculations.

FY21 internal professional development opportunities by instruction method

Operations

47,885

Digital courses

4,044

Blended courses

2,884

Course offerings

2,833

Operations includes on-the-job training. On-the-job training provides the knowledge, skills, and competencies required for employees 
to accomplish specific tasks within the workplace. It represents a set of processes that happen within a specific organizational context 
and involve assimilating and acquiring integrated clusters of values, skills, knowledge, and feelings that lead to fundamental changes in 
behaviors of a worker or teams.

Operations (team members)

Count

Rate

Fatalities

High-consequence injuries

Total hours worked

Recordable injuries

Nonemployee workers (construction)

Fatalities

High-consequence injuries

Total hours worked

Recordable injuries

Safety violations

0

0

0

0

98,462,533 —

58

Count

0

0

0.12

Rate

0

0

13,928,492 —

30

Count

0.43

US$

Total monetary losses from legal proceedings for 
employee health & safety violations

1

$2,166

Recordable injury rates are based on 200,000 hours worked 

Data for calendar year 2021

Data for manufacturing and TD sites only

Management systems at all of Micron’s manufacturing sites cover employees and nonemployee workers. 
Approximately 84% of Micron team members are assigned to manufacturing locations

80

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX 
 
  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Turnover

Voluntary turnover

Voluntary turnover by gender

FY18

FY19

FY20

FY21

Female

Male

Voluntary turnover by region

Europe

Asia

Americas

Average voluntary turnover

7%

6%

1%

7%

5%

8%

6%

2%

8%

6%

7%

5%

2%

6%

5%

7%

6%

2%

6%

6%

Voluntary turnover

6%

7%

6%

6%

Voluntary turnover percentage for Micron team members (excludes interns and contractors)

Headcount and turnover data correspond to fiscal year

81

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX  TABLE OF CONTENTS

Community impact

4.9M
lives impacted

24
countries

$13M
total giving

175
education partnerships 
programs that address 
underresourced groups

= 5

42,597  
lives impacted  
through STEM 
programming

of STEM engagements 
address underresourced  
groups

STEM  
education 
$4.25M

Matching  
gifts
$3.61M

Enriching
community
$2.7M

50%

Program-related 
investments
$1.56M
Social impact
$0.84M

*In addition to giving pillars, $1.56M in program-related 
investments are included in our total contributions

= 500,000

Team member participation rate

2021         
2020         

57%
               60%

82

Micron match
$2M
in 2020
$3.7M

in 2021

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022APPENDIX 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                      
 
                
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                     
 
 
Published in June 2022, this report covers the sustainability performance of Micron Technology, Inc., in fiscal year 2021 (Sept. 4, 2020, through Sept. 2, 2021), unless otherwise stated, and includes all of Micron’s controlled 
entities. This 2022 Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option. GRI is the most widely accepted global standard for sustainability reporting and 
allows companies to measure, evaluate and communicate corporate sustainability information in a consistent and comparable manner. We are also reporting to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
Semiconductors Standard and provide an index aligned with the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework. 

Accompanying this report is our 2022 Sustainability Progress Summary, which contains selected highlights from the past year and stories of how Micron and our team members have taken action to meet urgent global 
challenges, such as COVID-19, inequality and climate change.  

Forward-looking statements

This report contains forward-looking statements regarding our sustainability plans, goals, and commitments and related matters. These forward-looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that 
could cause actual results to differ materially. Please refer to the documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically our most recent Form 10-K and Form 10-Q. These documents contain 
and identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in these forward-looking statements. These certain factors can be found at micron.com/certain factors. Although 
we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements. We are under no duty to update any of the 
forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results.

About Micron Technology, Inc.

We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all. With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing 
and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high-performance DRAM, NAND and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron® and Crucial® brands. Every day, the innovations that our people 
create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities — from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience. To 
learn more about Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU), visit micron.com.

© 2022 Micron Technology, Inc. All rights reserved. Information, products, and/or specifications are subject to change without notice. Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron 
Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.

micron.com/sustainability

The events of the past few years have accelerated the focus on environmental, social and governance (ESG) matters.

From the continued attention on health and safety during the pandemic to the increasing frequency of severe weather events and the protests for racial justice, corporations are being called on to take responsibility for their people, their actions and their impact on the world.

We continue to see great opportunity for our company and our employees to not only define what the world can do with data, but also to define how we can use data to make the world better.

We are committed to our vision: transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

We continue to believe that strong ESG practices contribute to better risk management and support long term value creation.

We recognize how sustainable product features can support revenue, how better risk management can support a lower cost of capital and how energy efficiency can support lower operating costs.

Looking back on 2021 as well as our work in the first half of 2022, we are proud to report that Micron has made significant progress toward our ESG goals.

Environment Net zero ambition: We recently announced a target to reach net zero emissions from our operations and purchased energy by 2050.

We aim to use 100% renewable energy in our U.S. operations by the end of 2025 and to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from our global operations by 42% by 20301.

Environmental goals: We are mindful in how we consume energy, conserve water and manage waste.

Micron has made significant strides in these areas.

Most notably, we increased our waste recycle, reuse and recovery rate to 90%, bringing us closer to our goal of diverting 95% of the waste in our operations by the end of 2030.

Green construction: We are committed to designing and building new construction to meet or exceed LEED Gold standards.

Our newest sites use advanced water saving technologies and reduce waste.

Sustainable financing: Micron is a leader in sustainable financing.

We exceeded our targets for greenhouse gas emissions intensity, waste diversion and Responsible Business Alliance audit performance, targets that were tied to nearly 3.7 billion in sustainability linked credit facilities issued in May 2021.

We established a green bond framework in October 2021 and issued a 1 billion green bond in November to fund our environmental initiatives.

Social Diversity, equality and inclusion (DEI): We made tremendous strides towards our six DEI commitments, which we set in 2020.

We have strengthened our culture of inclusion by proudly achieving comprehensive global pay equity for all underrepresented groups.

Micron also continues to invest in diverse financial institutions and expand our sourcing from diverse suppliers.

Community giving: We believe in transforming the communities where our team members live, work, and play.

We do this by promoting human potential through STEM education, supporting basic human needs and championing equitable opportunities for all.

Last year, we met our goal of 60% team member participation in our giving programs, either through donations or volunteerism, and we have raised that goal to 65% for 2022.

Governance Ethics: Micron was named as one of the world’s most ethical companies by Ethisphere, underlining our ongoing commitment to integrity.

Responsible sourcing: We continued to enhance our responsible sourcing programs in 2021, maintaining a strong focus on responsible minerals sourcing and human and labor rights, while expanding our work on supplier diversity and climate performance.

In closing, I am proud of the progress Micron is making and the new targets we are striving toward.

Our commitment to sustainable business practices and to our communities will make lasting progress and ensure we are helping build a better world together.

We hope you enjoy reading our report, and we invite you to provide feedback about Micron’s sustainability efforts by emailing sustainability micron.com.

As a global leader in memory and storage solutions, Micron is transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high performance DRAM, NAND and NOR memory and storage products.

Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence (AI) and 5G applications that unleash opportunities from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.

Micron’s approximately 45,000 team members live our values: collaboration, customer focus, innovation, people and tenacity.

We share a common goal to pursue technology and product innovation and manufacturing excellence for our customers, partners, communities and society.

For more than 40 years and with more than 50,000 patents granted (and growing), Micron has nimbly delivered products that have helped transform how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

Sustainability strategy Micron is committed to enriching life for all through technology innovation while staying true to our core philosophy of conducting business with uncompromising integrity.

Sustainability at Micron ties directly to our company’s vision, mission and values.

We are mindful that our business, operations and sourcing practices affect our team members, our customers, our communities and our planet.

We continuously seek to challenge and strengthen our sustainability strategy, which focuses on the environmental, social and governance (ESG) impacts associated with our industry leading products our operations and sourcing and our interactions with team members and communities.

Our sustainability strategy is supported by effective governance management and stakeholder engagement.

We focus on initiatives that drive stakeholder value, establishing goals and delivering on them with transparency.

Sustainability governance Sustainability is essential to our business practices and corporate strategy.

Micron’s commitment to sustainability encourages a proactive approach toward mitigating our impact on the environment, bolstering our team members and the communities in which they live, respecting human rights, driving transparency and accountability in our supply chain, and developing innovative products that support a sustainable future.

ESG issues in Micron’s supply chains, operations and products are overseen by a cross functional sustainability council made up of Micron senior leaders representing a range of functions.

Sustainability is managed throughout the company, with operational teams and councils across the company taking ownership of individual ESG matters, conducting due diligence and engaging with relevant stakeholders.

These functions coordinate with the sustainability team and are represented on the sustainability council, with oversight extending to senior executives and, at the highest level, to the Micron board of directors.

Micron’s board of directors supported by the standing governance and sustainability committee and other committees as needed oversees and monitors the development and integration of Micron’s sustainability strategy and regularly reviews sustainability performance.

Board oversight includes material ESG trends and related long and short term effects of Micron’s operations, supply chains and products, as well as the company’s activities and annual public reporting on these topics.

The governance and sustainability committee reviews and discusses ESG issues periodically and the audit committee regularly reviews ESG reporting processes.

Micron applies sustainability performance metrics as a component to determine variable compensation for executives and team members throughout the company.

These metrics consider progress toward the annual targets for our environmental programs and DEI initiatives and reflect our intention to hold ourselves accountable to our sustainability commitments at the highest levels.

Opportunity risk Integrating sustainability into our business is strategically important, assisting Micron to both capitalize on opportunities and better manage risks.

Conducting our business with integrity and in a socially responsible manner in the communities where we live and work is consistent with our corporate values.

Sustainability is a differentiator when recruiting high potential employees in a competitive talent market, helping to increase team member engagement, satisfaction and productivity.

Natural resource conservation and waste reduction also make us a more disciplined and efficient operation, which can directly benefit our bottom line.

In addition, strong ESG programs enhance our relationships with customers, suppliers and investors.

While working to realize these opportunities, we focus on identifying, assessing, quantifying and managing ESG related risks.

Micron’s supply chains, operations and markets face a variety of risks including extreme weather events, global pandemics, geopolitical risks, labor unrest, materials availability, regulations related to topics such as climate change or responsible sourcing, customer requirements, product responsibility, and talent attraction and retention.

Our enterprise risk management (ERM) program, overseen by the Micron board of directors, is a unified approach for understanding risks and making informed business decisions.

This program helps us address future events that create uncertainty and respond in an efficient and effective manner.

It also facilitates prompt action to mitigate identified risks and embeds risk management into our culture, improving decision making in governance, strategy, objective setting and daily operations.

We meet our objectives in this area by providing tools and knowledge, fostering open global communication and monitoring continuously.

Micron has a network of risk management functions operating across the company, including EHS, IT, business continuity, global quality management, and enterprise risk management (ERM).

Our ERM organization accumulates key risk information from the executive risk committee, comprising select company executives, along with risk assessments performed by other teams.

These results are regularly presented to the executive risk committee, the audit committee of the board of directors, and Micron’s full board of directors for consideration.

More details about Micron’s risk assessment and mitigation measures can be found in the company’s 2021 proxy statement, and more information about the company’s risk factors can be found in the Risk Factors section of the company’s annual or quarterly reports.

Strong ESG programs enhance our relationships with customers, suppliers and investors.

ESG issue prioritization Micron’s sustainability team and council periodically review the company’s environmental, social and governance priorities to inform our strategy, actions and disclosures.

Micron conducts a full assessment on a three year cycle and reviews priorities annually to ensure that the issues of greatest significance to our stakeholders and our business are reflected in company sustainability initiatives, goals and reporting.

Assessments begin with a review and update of the ESG issues that may affect the company’s business and have significant impacts.

After revising the list of issues, we consider the existing and potential environmental and social impacts that Micron may have on each issue, their likelihood, and extent and level of attribution to Micron, as well as the potential impact on Micron’s business.

Using this evaluation, issues are placed in a matrix.

Key inputs for the 2021 process included targets and indicators used by the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) semiconductor industry and other reporting standards, industry reports and assessments, customer and investor surveys and evaluations, company risk reviews and other internal documents, and feedback from key internal and external stakeholders.

Ethics integrity Integrity is a foundational principle that underlies Micron’s corporate values and our approach to doing business.

Integrity comes ahead of business results, and Micron will not compromise integrity in favor of any business action, result or relationship.

Our chief executive officer and senior management regularly communicate the importance of ethics and integrity to all team members.

Micron’s General Counsel and Chief Compliance Officer is responsible for overseeing the compliance program.

He has a reporting relationship to our board’s audit committee, reinforcing the independence of the function.

Micron’s Vice President, compliance and ethics, has strategic responsibility for the compliance and ethics program.

Integrity Matters: The Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics based on our values and approved by the board of directors summarizes the laws and ethical principles that apply to our work and provides guidance on how to make choices that place integrity before business results.

Because this Code applies to all directors, officers and team members worldwide, it is published in seven languages and available to the public on our website.

Team members receive annual training and certify that they have read, understood and will comply with the code.

In fiscal year 2021 (FY21), 93% of our team members were in compliance with the business conduct and ethics training and certification requirements.

In keeping with Micron’s commitment to conduct business with integrity, Micron’s anti corruption policy prohibits bribery in any form.

The policy is available to all team members and has been translated into seven languages.

Micron is a member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA), a group of leading companies focused on promoting responsible working conditions, ethical business practices and environmental stewardship throughout the global supply chain.

Micron communicates our ethical requirements to suppliers through a set of Responsible Sourcing links on our sustainability webpage.

Micron adheres to and expects our suppliers to implement the RBA Code of Conduct, which requires participants to adopt a zero tolerance policy on bribery, corruption, extortion and embezzlement, as well as other responsible policies.

Micron promotes a speak up culture and strictly prohibits retaliation.

The audit committee of the board of directors receives regular updates on the compliance and ethics function, key compliance metrics and significant investigations.

We maintain multiple channels for team members and third parties to report concerns or ask questions about our policies.

Team members and external third parties can use our compliance helpline to report concerns anonymously (as permitted by applicable law).

The helpline is operated by a third party, available 24 7 and accessible in all languages commonly used at Micron.

The compliance and ethics team is responsible for responding to and, where appropriate, investigating concerns raised through the helpline.

Results of key investigations are anonymized and shared with team members through periodic communications called Integrity Alerts.

These alerts discuss real life issues and corrective actions taken by Micron, demonstrating to team members that speaking up and raising concerns leads to meaningful action.

They also provide another method to reinforce proper handling of common integrity questions.

From governance to compliance, our commitment to integrity is infused in all of our business practices.

This discipline is what earns us the trust of Micron’s shareholders, regulators, customers, partners and suppliers, and we will continue with a razor like focus on operating according to the strongest code of ethics.

Tax policy Micron’s vision and commitment to integrity guide our actions related to taxation.

Meeting our tax obligations, directly and through our affiliated entities, in every country where we operate is one of the ways we fulfill our responsibilities to society.

Micron supports tax policies at the U.S. and international levels that recognize our industry and its place in the global marketplace and that promote growth in a predictable and transparent manner.

We are committed to complying fully with all relevant tax laws and regulations, filing all required tax returns and disclosing all relevant facts and circumstances.

We employ an appropriately qualified and experienced tax team as an integral part of the broader finance function reporting to our chief financial officer.

Our tax team proactively manages, reviews and reports on various direct and indirect local country taxes.

These responsibilities include identifying implications from new tax legislation and policies and from changes in our business.

Given the nature of our business, risks inevitably arise from tax laws that are complex or uncertain.

When it’s unclear how a tax law affects transactions or commercial situations, we seek professional advice to ensure the integrity of our tax filing and compliance duties worldwide.

In addition, our board of directors’ audit committee receives periodic updates on significant changes in tax legislation that may affect our business, as well as details of relevant tax audits or disputes.

Micron is committed to fostering positive, transparent and respectful relationships with tax authorities in the jurisdictions where we operate.

We work collaboratively with tax authorities to address inquiries, and we resolve any differences through timely and transparent discussions or, if necessary, through established channels for dispute resolution.

Sustainability corporate finance Micron understands that sustainability and business success should go hand in hand.

These priorities can be integrated in innovative ways.

In October 2021, Micron published a green bond framework aligned with the globally recognized Green Bond Principles and subsequently issued a 1 billion green bond in November.

Micron took several strategic steps in 2021 to integrate the company’s corporate finance and sustainability initiatives.

Complementing our DEI goal to have a percentage of the company’s capital investments managed by diverse firms, we tied nearly 5 billion in company financing to our ESG programs through sustainability linked credit facilities and a green bond offering.

Without sacrificing financial flexibility, these efforts support impact while lowering costs to Micron.

In May 2021, Micron refinanced nearly 3.7 billion in credit facilities, tying the interest rates to specific ESG performance metrics in line with the company’s public goals and commitments.

Micron Singapore the largest green bond offerings in the semiconductor industry at the time, and several nationally recognized minority and women owned firms participated in the issuance process.

Resulting funds are being allocated to support the company’s public commitments to long term environmental performance and the construction of Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design (LEED) Gold buildings.

We expect to provide allocation details in the company’s first green bond report later this year.

Stakeholder engagement Micron takes measures to understand our local influence and the effect of our operations, supply chains and products on people, the environment and society.

For these reasons, our sales executives, account managers and sustainability leaders work closely with our customers to share information about our sustainability efforts and performance, drive action and build trust.

Micron regularly discusses our corporate ESG performance with the investment community, and in turn, our ESG disclosures evolve based on investor feedback.

We have engaged with SASB to assist these efforts, joining the SASB Standards Advisory Group and issuing a sustainability reporting index aligned with the SASB semiconductor industry standard.

Micron has also forged strategic relationships with lenders on sustainability performance.

In addition to closing on the 1 billion green bond in 2021, Micron also announced sustainability linked credit instruments of nearly 3.7 billion, with rates tied to verified and reported progress for three sustainability related performance indicators.

Stakeholders, both inside and outside the company, drive our business success.

To understand how we affect these stakeholders and to inform our decisions, we partner with a range of organizations.

Throughout our global operations, we engage with key stakeholders based on their material relationship to our operational success and on our potential to affect them through our operations.

This dialogue occurs at the local, subsidiary and corporate levels.

Our customers are increasingly focused on the ESG performance of their suppliers, including Micron.

Many customers use sustainability as one of their criteria for evaluating Micron’s overall performance as part of the management of their own supply chain and reputation risks.

In their assessments, they look at transparency, risk management, environmental and social performance, responsible sourcing and related topics.

Customers include this information in their supplier performance evaluations and purchasing decisions, alongside quality, delivery, technology and service.

Every day, governments around the world make decisions that influence Micron’s strategies, investments, operations, team members and communities.

As a global company, we recognize the importance of participating in the political process and providing input on policies important to Micron’s business interests and values.

To that end, Micron engages at all levels of government around the world, working closely with officials to promote policies that bring global innovation to our communities and the world in a responsible way.

We participate in public policy discussions with officials through education, advocacy campaigns and partnerships with various coalitions, industry groups and trade associations.

In doing so, Micron is governed by all applicable laws and regulations that oversee interactions with government officials, as well as by our own high standards of ethical conduct.

Team members, the communities where we live and work and our suppliers are vital to our operations.

These stakeholder groups are covered in detail in the People, Communities, and Responsible sourcing sections.

Micron recognizes a new dimension is gaining global importance in the world of trade: sustainability.

Concerns and regulations stem from sustainability, potentially affecting all aspects of global trade, including the workforce, raw materials, product lifecycles, business partners and suppliers.

As a responsible citizen in the global marketplace, Micron is committed to adhering to all laws and regulations that relate to export controls and trade compliance.

Micron requires its team members and representatives to conduct business with vigilance, implementing mandatory sustainability requirements into our trade compliance framework.

We also mandate compliance with export controls, import controls and customs requirements, economic sanctions and embargoes, and anti boycott laws and regulations.

Adhering to trade compliance laws and regulations is vital for protecting the safety and security of the countries in which Micron operates and for keeping our products, technology and software out of the hands of people and organizations that seek to do harm.

As a global company, Micron’s commitment to trade compliance initiatives ensures seamless support for our major objectives, achievement of our key business strategies and delivery of excellence for our customers.

Our compliance team has responded quickly to fully comply with evolving export control laws resulting from rapid and dynamic changes in geopolitical situations and the resulting shifts in trade policy.

Market insights and resulting risk management related to evolving sustainability requirements across our supply chain continue to be a significant element of our overall global trade compliance program.

Micron’s solutions are at the heart of countless digital devices, turning data into intelligence with unprecedented speed to enrich life for all.

All modern computing hardware depends on shared underlying technology semiconductor memory and storage to access and store data.

Micron, the only U.S. based manufacturer of memory and one of the world’s largest semiconductor manufacturers, delivers a rich portfolio of high performance DRAM, NAND, NOR, high bandwidth memory and multichip package solutions, and we work closely with customers to create specialized memory and storage architectures.

As a leader in the semiconductor industry for more than 40 years, we have taken part in every stage of the evolution of these vital technologies.

Micron’s rapid advancements in memory and storage have expanded the availability and applications for these products and helped unlock innovations that will enhance the future.

A new generation of technologies including AI, 5G networks, precision medicine, the internet of things (IoT), cloud computing and connected and autonomous vehicles rely on memory and storage.

As these and other innovations enter the mainstream and the need to analyze, access and act on data grows, demand for Micron’s products will continue to increase.

For example, to keep up with their data processing demands, autonomous vehicles are becoming virtual data centers on wheels.

Technologies like vehicle to everything communication and digital radar makes it easier for connected and autonomous vehicles to understand and react to their surroundings.

But they also demand a constant, reliable flow of data with the goal of no breaks in communication.

As the world leader in automotive memory, Micron is enabling the rapid pace of development in this emerging industry and ensuring that our components are safe and secure.

After 30 years supporting the automotive market on the road, Micron solutions are now taking to the skies.

Urban air mobility (UAM) innovations are beginning to make autonomous, on demand and electric flight a reality.

Through an investment in and collaboration with Volocopter, a UAM pioneer, Micron is gaining insight into next generation air taxi products that will depend on our solutions and helping the world push the boundaries of what technology can deliver.

Given the growing demand for Micron’s products in a wide variety of applications, we continue to invest in research to offer higher capacity, greater security, faster data transfer rates, lower power consumption, increased energy and material efficiency, and improved reliability.

In 2021, we announced plans to invest more than 150 billion globally over the next decade in leading edge memory manufacturing, research and development, including potential U.S. fab expansion.

We will invest in extreme ultraviolet lithography, a process that allows for the production of ever smaller chip features.

We also announced in 2021 our plans to open a new memory design center in Atlanta, Ga., creating up to 500 jobs in this growing technology and talent hub in the southeastern United States.

Advancement of innovation As we invest in the future by deepening our existing memory and storage capabilities, we are also exploring new ways to unlock innovation within Micron and across our industry.

We are also investing in technologies that can improve sustainability in our own operations.

Aqua Membranes, a clean tech startup, has invented 3D printed technology that can be placed in water filtration systems to optimize flow patterns and reduce energy consumption in industrial applications, including semiconductor manufacturing.

We’re currently piloting this technology at our Boise facility.

Most successful technology companies began as startups.

Small teams nurture big ideas into proven concepts and, eventually, into viable products or services.

But due to risk inherent in the process, limited venture capital and other factors, most startups fail.

That means many transformative technologies never have the chance to go to market.

With our Micron Ventures organization, we are helping more startups succeed.

To date, we have invested 100 million in several startups that show promise in the following categories: the Fourth Industrial Revolution, mobility, health care and agriculture.

A few examples include DayTwo, which combines microbiome data with AI to manage chronic metabolic conditions, like diabetes and clinical obesity, through food Iterative Scopes, which brings cutting edge precision medicine to the practice of gastroenterology and Taranis, a crop intelligence platform that protects crops and also combines AI powered remote sensing technology for soil carbon verification in row crops.

In partnership with SEMI, the industry association representing the electronics manufacturing and design supply chain, Micron Ventures came up with the idea and launched a pitch event called Startups for Semiconductor Sustainability in 2021.

Semifinalists were selected from a pool of 58 applicants and paired with industry experts as advisors.

Ultimately, nine finalists participated in a final industry wide pitch event, gaining valuable exposure to industry experts and potential funders.

Micron Ventures will continue to engage with the finalists on potential investments, collaborations and proofs of concept.

Incubation Micron, an intrapreneurship program launched in 2021, encourages team members to contribute to Micron’s growth objectives.

Interested team members can submit ideas that are adjacent to our core businesses.

If their ideas are viable, creators receive capital, resources and mentorship to support them as they work to develop, commercialize and scale their concepts.

Currently, we have 24 team member submitted ideas in the pipeline, with five ideas in advanced stages.

As this program grows, we may add guest speakers, innovation workshops and an internal business plan competition to further cultivate a spirit of intrapreneurship.

Other programs within Incubation Micron are our deep learning accelerators (DLAs) and our Authenta initiative to enhance IT platform security.

Through DLAs, we partner with customers on AI applications that will create the technological capabilities of the future and address environmental and social issues.

Micron’s Authenta technology provides an extra layer of defense to IoT platforms without adding components.

This unique security solution has increased Micron’s value as a memory provider for connected devices across industries.

Micron is partnering with peers and startups to identify solutions to come of the biggest industry challenges in energy, water and materials.

Energy efficiency Micron is driving rapid improvements in the power requirements, performance and size of each successive generation of chips, which enhances the value and capability of the electronics used by people around the world.

Advancements in Micron’s technology help to meet power efficiency needs in AI and the IoT and for our cloud computing customers and the world at large.

Efficiency is both an important customer requirement that results in, for example, improved battery life and reduced heat output and a means of addressing the environmental consequences of increasing computational demands.

Data centers alone use about 1% of global electricity, much of which comes from fossil fuel sources contributing to climate change.

With the volume of data produced and organized projected to grow significantly in the coming years, product efficiency will continue to play an important role in Micron’s efforts to address the influence of technology on the environment.

For example, we are working to make each generation of our memory solutions for data center servers do more with less energy per bit.

Transitioning from DDR4 to DDR5 products, which will take place over the next few years, is expected to reduce DRAM power consumption per bit by approximately 14% at introduction, creating efficiencies that will ultimately lower costs for data center customers.

Similarly, as the need for greater computing and data processing capabilities on handheld devices grows, these devices cannot trade energy efficiency for performance.

Micron announced the world’s most advanced 1 (1 alpha) DRAM process technology in early 2021 and is now shipping LPDDR4X memory chips, fabricated using 1 , to be built into mobile phones.

Our 1 mobile DRAM uses an impressive 20% less power than its predecessor, which translates to about an extra hour of battery life in a modern smart phone.

We collaborate with customers to deliver memory and storage products that meet increased expectations for energy efficiency.

Micron’s system power calculators are online tools that allow customers to estimate memory power use when they make system architecture and design decisions.

Micron’s products also enable automation and efficiency across sectors from industrial applications to transportation and even in our own operations.

Our industrial memory solutions, including embedded AI accelerators and local storage, make it possible for industrial IoT edge infrastructure to collect, process and share data that increases energy efficiency and reduces waste.

Platform data protection A steadfast commitment to cybersecurity is one important way that we earn and keep our customers’ trust.

Micron faces the unpredictability and threat of cyberattacks by leveraging the National Institute of Standards and Technology cybersecurity framework, making sure our workforce is trained and ready for disruptions.

We provide transparency about our privacy practices and help our customers understand the choices they have regarding their privacy rights and personal information.

Specific areas of growing risk and vulnerability are IoT and industrial IoT.

What began as a means of machine to machine communication has evolved into a complex system of millions of connected devices worldwide, each of which represents a possible attack point within a network.

Micron’s innovation today focuses not only on storage solutions for vast amounts of new data, but also on security for these IoT devices.

The threat of enterprise cyberattacks is far reaching, given the potential vulnerability and proliferation of embedded systems found in everything from automated equipment in factories to automobiles and to smart home devices.

Safety and security are particularly critical in the automotive sector, where driver and pedestrian safety is at stake and where memory and storage solutions are vital to enabling safe and efficient connected, autonomous and electric vehicles.

As the world leader in automotive memory and storage, Micron is committed to ensuring not just the cybersecurity of our products, but also their functional safety.

Functional safety works to overcome the imperfection of electronic systems and inherent failure rate of components.

Multiple Micron teams address functional safety, including a dedicated functional safety office staffed with industry safety veterans and experts, system architects and applications engineers for collaboration support.

Micron has adopted industry standards for automotive safety, such as the ISO 26262 standard for the functional safety of road vehicles and the ISO 21434 standard pertaining to autonomous vehicle cybersecurity.

We require suppliers to perform hardware evaluation reports, conduct our own functional safety analyses and provide collateral to customers so they can perform safety analyses of their own.

In 2021, Micron announced the industry’s first low power memory qualified for automotive safety applications, the first in a new portfolio of memory and storage products targeted specifically for automotive functional safety.

While this work focuses on our automotive business, the extra rigor required to ensure safe processes and practices will ultimately benefit all product lines, enhancing safety and quality across many types of devices.

As one of the world’s largest semiconductor companies, Micron understands that our manufacturing operations affect the environment.

We take a proactive approach to environmental stewardship, investing in technologies to mitigate our footprint.

Advanced memory and storage solutions can enable technology breakthroughs that benefit people and the planet.

Micron develops and builds these solutions at our front end facilities, known as fabs, in Japan, Singapore, Taiwan and the United States.

This process takes place at the nanoscale in a cleanroom environment.

Over several months, each wafer goes through hundreds of manufacturing steps during which chemicals and materials are precisely applied to develop the functionality of the chip.

Airborne particles, temperature and humidity are tightly controlled to ensure quality as the wafer passes hundreds of times through up to 10 areas, each with a unique set of tools.

Our manufacturing processes require energy to run specialized equipment and maintain the cleanroom environment, use water to safeguard the cleanliness and quality of the wafer, and involve potentially hazardous chemicals.

Scaling our products often requires new manufacturing equipment, materials and processing technologies, increasing process steps and further intensifying our operational footprint.

Even the most advanced abatement techniques and methods to prevent fugitive emissions are not yet perfectly efficient.

Energy resources are limited to those available in island geographies, where many of our operations are located.

We are also constrained by available space in our cleanrooms, which requires careful planning and engineering to optimize the placement of production and abatement equipment.

The ongoing need to increase production of semiconductor memory and storage to meet the world’s product demand compounds these challenges.

These realities pose steep challenges to reducing our environmental footprint.

To make progress and grow sustainably, we must reimagine the way we operate.

Micron integrates EHS considerations, including energy, water and waste efficiency LEED criteria and other factors into our processes, facility design and construction.

We are also embracing environmentally friendly process design, through which engineers and other team members incorporate sustainability into their daily decision making, identifying and implementing opportunities as early as possible in the process.

Alongside the four pillars our engineers typically balance yield, quality, cycle time and cost they now also consider sustainability.

Using this approach, the technology development (TD) team is analyzing which fab tools and processes contribute most to Micron’s environmental footprint.

Environmentally friendly process design requires the efforts of cross functional teams, as well as collaboration with suppliers, research institutions, academia and others.

For example, our TD team is helping mitigate the adverse effects of tech node scaling by integrating environmental strategies into tool selection and development, process development and material choices.

Beyond educating team members on Micron’s sustainability goals, the TD team is conducting analyses to determine which fab tools and processes make the greatest contribution to Micron’s environmental footprint.

These analyses inform strategic improvements on a range of tool and process groups, such as recent energy efficiency measures implementing high efficiency vacuum pumps, simplifying flow, improving raw process time and enabling energy conservation on forward looking designs.

Other teams can practice environmentally friendly process design, too.

For instance, operations and manufacturing teams are exploring ways to reduce use of less efficient tools and processes.

Our facilities team is evaluating how exhaust air flow affects equipment.

Micron’s procurement and venture teams are partnering with suppliers and startups to incorporate innovative new ideas into manufacturing processes.

More projects like these will evolve as Micron continues to invest approximately 1 billion by 2028 to advance the company’s environmental goals.

As part of this commitment, Micron has invested 110.8 million since the beginning of FY21 to support advanced water treatment technologies, energy efficiency improvements, greenhouse gas mitigation measures and other initiatives.

This commitment is complemented by Micron’s financial arrangements established in CY21 including 3.7 billion in sustainability linked credit facilities, tied to annual greenhouse, waste, and RBA metrics as well as a 1 billion green bond dedicated to funding environmental projects across the company.

Goals aspirations Ambitious time bound targets demonstrate our commitment to reducing greenhouse gas emissions, enhancing energy efficiency and improving waste and water recycling infrastructure at our global facilities.

Micron set our first ambitious long term environmental goals in 2020.

As our programs evolve, we revisit these goals to drive greater performance and address the needs of our stakeholders.

Early in calendar year 2022 (CY22), we expanded our ambitions, setting new goals for our climate initiatives.

We have established new targets to reach net zero GHG emissions in our operations (scope 1) and purchased energy (scope 2) by 2050.

As part of these commitments, we are targeting a milestone to achieve 2030 scope 1 emissions reductions in line with the Paris Agreement that’s a 42% absolute reduction versus CY20.

These goals complement our existing target to achieve 100% renewable energy in the U.S. by the end of CY25, and our recent achievement of 100% renewable energy in Malaysia.

They will also ensure that we exceed our original long term climate target to reduce GHG emissions intensity 75% per unit of production by CY30 versus a CY18 baseline a goal that we are already well on our way to achieving.

Looking ahead, we are evaluating our value chain emissions and opportunities to establish additional targets, including those covering scope 3 emissions.

We also remain focused on our 2030 water and waste goals and are investing in our environmental programs to advance all our environmental initiatives.

A global, cross functional team developed and continues to oversee and revise these goals.

We also have specialized teams focused on heat transfer fluids fluorinated GHGs energy efficiency and renewables water and waste and other innovative approaches to support us in reaching our goals.

Note: Micron’s environmental performance is measured by calendar year.

Environmental goals are targeted for the end of the referenced calendar year.

This is a CY21 goal against which we made progress.

The goal has been superseded by our new goal for absolute emissions.

Early in calendar year 2022 (CY22), we set new aspirational commitments to reach net zero greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions in our operations (scope 1) and purchased energy (scope 2) by 2050.

Greenhouse gas emissions energy While Micron’s low power Addressing leading sources of emissions devices can support sustainability initiatives in customer operations and products, our manufacturing process remains energy and emissions intensive.

Micron is working to decrease our GHG emissions from electricity use by investing in energy efficient equipment and purchasing renewable energy.

We continue to optimize compressed dry air (CDA) systems and chillers to improve efficiency.

For example, new CDA units at our Boise facility are forecast to significantly reduce energy consumption compared to the prior system.

At the production tool level, we are using automation and installing control devices to reduce utility consumption during idle mode.

Our expanded cleanroom spaces in Manassas, VA, improves operational efficiency by deploying dual temperature chillers, high efficiency compressors and dryers, energy resourceful code economizers and variable frequency drives on all equipment.

We’re also expanding our integration of renewable, zero emissions energy sources, taking into account the availability of affordable renewable energy based on the unique landscapes in each country where we operate.

In CY21, Micron expanded the rooftop solar footprint in Singapore and installed new capacity in Japan.

The Singapore installation will supply an estimated 2,900 MWh of energy annually enough to power 700 average Singaporean households for one year.

We plan to expand on site solar installations across regions where feasible, including China and Taiwan in 2022.

In addition, Micron’s facilities in Malaysia secured contracts early in 2022 to purchase 100% renewable energy through the Green Electricity Tariff program.

This makes Malaysia the first region where we can meet our 100% renewable energy aspiration.

We also announced early in 2022 our first renewable energy power purchase agreement (PPA), a 40 MW solar project in Idaho that will mitigate a significant amount of the scope 2 emissions from our Boise headquarters.

We are working toward PPAs for other sites in the U.S., Singapore and Taiwan and exploring ways to source clean energy in other regions.

Micron is a member of the Clean Energy Buyers Alliance (CEBA), a membership association for large scale energy buyers, developers, service providers and nongovernmental organizations.

Throughout 2021, we also participated in a consortium working group to create and implement a new means of securing a clean energy supply in Japan.

The consortium is diverse, with members representing a wide range of industries and energy use profiles.

The team is targeting a solution that brings new clean energy to the grid within Japan’s unique energy ecosystem.

Process GHG emissions, such as fluorinated gases, are mainly emitted from our dry etch manufacturing process.

Today, few suitable sustainable alternatives exist for these processes.

We are collaborating with suppliers to invent new, low emissions etch chemistries and to abate emissions more efficiently at the tool level.

At our Singapore facility, a pilot abatement project has begun its first phase of installations.

When deployed, this technology is expected to not only abate emissions but also reduce the use of energy, natural gas and water.

Regarding heat transfer fluids, an important source of Micron’s GHG emissions, we are making progress by increasing our chemical use efficiency and switching to alternatives with lower global warming potential.

Electricity consumption, process GHG emissions and heat transfer fluid use account for over 90% of Micron’s total scope 1 and 2 emissions.

Therefore, we are making progress toward our emissions and energy reduction goals with focused improvements in each of these areas.

Our new climate goals are intended to support the objectives of the Paris Agreement to limit planetary warming and the United Nations Sustainable Development Goal 13 on Climate Action.

We are proud to source renewable energy to support the energy needs of several of our facilities.

We have also maintained our multiyear goal to achieve at least 10% energy savings (measured in kilowatt hours saved compared to 2016 baseline energy use) by 2022, reaching 145,000 MWh saved in CY21.

Our approach to GHG management begins with collecting, analyzing and reporting data specific to these emissions.

We report on GHG emissions through CDP (formerly Carbon Disclosure Project), the primary international organization standardizing corporate and government environmental data reporting on GHG emissions and other environmental criteria.

Many opportunities exist for Micron to invest in or co develop technologies that can reduce energy use and emissions.

For example, we are implementing AI tools, smart controlled systems and predictive maintenance to improve production efficiency and automation.

A real time performance monitoring platform with video analytics, high speed cameras, graphic units and deep learning allows us to quickly resolve equipment downtime and address inefficient processes.

We are also investing in startups such as Aqua Membranes, which has developed a reverse osmosis technology that aims to reduce the pressure required for water treatment and therefore energy use.

Aqua Membranes’ technology is being piloted at our facility in Boise.

This first of its kind partnership in which Micron is closely involved in a startup’s research and development process could serve as a model for other energy and emissions saving technologies.

We consider sustainable building attributes such as LEED criteria when we undertake new building design.

Many of our newest buildings have achieved LEED Gold status, and we design and build all new construction to meet or exceed that standard.

Our new facility in Taiwan is the first Micron facility with its clean room fully designed with Micron’s sustainability goals in mind.

In 2021, it became our latest building to receive the LEED Gold designation, as well as International WELL Building Institute Certification and certification by EEWH, a green building organization in Taiwan.

To earn these certifications, the fab incorporated features such as solar enabled rooftops that are also designed to harvest rainwater, plants that cover approximately 30% of the campus’s outdoor space and water saving technologies that reuse and recycle 75% of the water consumed at the fab.

Water Water is an essential resource for Micron, as well as for every community in which we operate.

As semiconductor manufacturing technologies have become more complex, the industry’s demand for water has grown.

Accordingly, reducing the amount of water we use and properly treating it are among Micron’s top environmental priorities.

We are working toward an aspirational goal of reusing, recycling or restoring 100% of the water used in our operations, with an interim goal of 75% by the end of 2030 even in the face of double digit annual production growth.

In 2021, we made progress toward our goal by installing new water reclamation and reverse osmosis systems at multiple manufacturing sites.

These drove an increased reuse and recycling rate above 50%.

Sustainable Development Goal 6, which focuses on clean water and sanitation.

To understand the significance of our water conservation aspirations, we need to look at how Micron uses water.

Ultrapure water is used to clean wafers during our manufacturing process.

This water comes from a combination of recycled water from our operations and local, untreated water resources.

The water used in our process is reclaimed through filtration systems.

Processed water passes through carbon and resin media that remove impurities.

We then reuse the reclaimed water in other applications such as boilers, cooling towers and pollution abatement equipment, which in turn lowers water consumption.

Wastewater that is not recycled or otherwise reused on site is treated to comply with local standards and then discharged.

Each Micron site has invested in significant water treatment infrastructure so that any wastewater leaving the site meets or exceeds applicable water quality standards.

Wastewater treatment methods may vary by site but include membrane filtration, ion resin adsorption, precipitation, bio oxidation and neutralization.

Globally, the primary source for water at manufacturing locations is the municipal supply, underscoring the importance of partnering with local water authorities.

We consider these relationships within their local context, seeking to understand the implications of different geographies, climates, watersheds and infrastructure.

We then use the information we have gathered to determine the best approach to water management at each site.

A water risk assessment using the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct tool has helped us better understand local water conditions.

This tool notes that only 1% of Micron’s total water withdrawals come from areas of high water stress specifically our facility in Xi’an, China.

Still, many of our locations face potential water stress, and we recognize the importance of being a good partner in managing local water resources.

Micron network, while our Manassas facility received the Virginia Water Environment Association’s Platinum Award for five consecutive years of environmental excellence in pollution prevention and conservation.

Achieving our water restoration goal will require not just operational improvements but also participation in local water restoration projects in the communities where we operate.

In 2021, Micron donated 300,000 to the Prince William County, Virginia, Department of Public Works to construct a litter trap, known as a bandalong, on Neabsco Creek.

Bandalong is an Australian Aboriginal word meaning junction or confluence.

It also refers to a floating device installed across a channel of water that collects floating trash from the water’s surface.

Because it relies on moving water, a bandalong has no moving parts or energy needs.

It also has no nets or fencing underneath, reducing the potential to harm fish and wildlife.

It is designed to rise and fall with the surface of the water during storms.

Prince William County leaders estimate that 70,000 pounds of trash were removed from Neabsco Creek between 2010 and 2020.

This new equipment will intercept in stream trash, improving water quality in the estuary and restoring an expected 9.8 million m3 of water a year.

We continue to explore additional water restoration opportunities in other parts of the world, including Japan, Singapore, Taiwan, China, Malaysia and other nonmanufacturing locations.

Hazardous restricted substances Both our manufacturing process and our finished products incorporate substances that have the potential to be hazardous to people and the environment.

Besides assessing our processes, we must also consider products.

The chemicals and materials in our products are regulated in many parts of the world.

Our EHS, product compliance and global procurement functions work together to affirm that Micron products and processes meet legal and customer product compliance requirements and protect the safety of our people and processes.

Compliance requirements include the European Union directive on the Restriction of Hazardous Substances (RoHS), the Registration, Evaluation, Authorisation and Restriction of Chemicals (REACH) and other lists of banned or restricted substances.

The processes that transform a wafer into hundreds of individual die use chemicals and materials such as acids, bases and solvents for depositing, patterning, selectively removing and cleaning.

Micron maintains an active program to continually reduce hazardous chemicals used in manufacturing and evaluate what we can do to mitigate environmental harms stemming from our use of those chemicals.

We also work to protect the safety of all team members who interact with chemicals.

Our commitment to safety and reducing potential harm starts with a rigorous review process that ensures only approved chemicals arrive at our facilities.

This review prevents banned or restricted chemicals from reaching our operations and facilitates the proper handling, recycling and disposal of chemicals throughout their lifecycles.

It also allows us to track and understand our chemical use profile so that we can implement chemical reduction and elimination initiatives.

We closely track substances that might be restricted in the future.

In the past decade, there has been a regulatory shift from managing select hazardous chemicals to managing classes of chemicals and their associated hazards.

We have responded by designating teams of chemical engineers in the U.S. and Asia dedicated to studying the structural, functional relationship of chemicals and their associated regulatory environments.

This research allows us to identify emerging chemicals of concern and work to remove these chemicals from substances and materials before they are listed by customers or regulators.

Being proactive in our regulatory monitoring, product compliance, validation and certification processes allows us to deliver new products quickly while maintaining proper restricted substance control and conformance with requirements.

Supplier engagement is also important in managing restricted substances.

Micron communicates our chemical use expectations and restrictions to suppliers biannually while training suppliers to maintain programs on restricted substance control.

Supplier programs include regulatory monitoring, chemical hazard assessment and substance inventory monitoring.

We focus on helping suppliers with less sophisticated program elements improve their processes so that they can respond to risk assessments and auditing of their restricted substance control processes.

When substances are added to regulatory lists, our procurement team communicates new requirements throughout our supply chain and reminds suppliers of Micron’s expectations.

In these instances, we provide appropriate documentation and require a prompt response from each supplier regarding its use of any listed substances.

We also expect suppliers to monitor the applicable list for potential inclusions in the REACH regulation and other applicable requirements.

When necessary, suppliers must submit information to the Substance of Concern in Products (SCIP) database.

Micron also maintains a program to ensure the timely submission of in scope products to SCIP and other monitoring systems to facilitate the development of circular economies and demonstrate Micron’s commitment to conformance.

MICRON SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 2022OPERATIONS ENVIRONMENT To meet our goals for dealing with nonhazardous waste, we have implemented a high efficiency filter press that decreases sludge volume to reduce the amount of waste generated during wastewater treatment.

We also reduced the amount of nonhazardous waste going to landfills with an on site and off site food waste composting program.

We perform due diligence on all new waste vendors to make sure their practices meet applicable legal requirements and safeguard the surrounding environment.

If a waste facility passes this evaluation, Micron updates the assessment periodically to ensure consistent and effective management of waste materials over time.

Waste management Waste is an inevitable byproduct of our manufacturing process, but we are working to minimize waste production and ensure that materials are put to an appropriate use.

Micron’s waste streams include both hazardous waste, such as solvents and acid waste, and nonhazardous wastes, such as sludge from wastewater treatment, plastic and other general waste.

We are committed to reducing waste production by identifying new segregation methods, collaborating with waste vendors on solutions, optimizing recipes to reduce chemical waste, and working with business partners on reuse and recycling technology.

We recognize that chemicals deployed in our processes can be beneficially reused by other industries.

For example, under certain circumstances, isopropyl alcohol and phosphoric acid can be used in cleaning supplies and wastewater treatment, among other uses.

Calcium fluoride sludge can be converted into fluorite balls, which are used by steel manufacturers to remove impurities from molten metal.

Our fab in Singapore recently contracted with a vendor to perform this conversion.

Team member engagement Micron team members put their passion for the environment into action by taking part in conservation events around the globe.

Designated as Earth Month, April is an annual opportunity for Micron team members to embrace the spirit of sustainability.

In 2021, we hosted a speaker series with appearances from Micron’s leaders on environmental operations and experts on sustainable living.

Because National Volunteer Week coincides with Earth Month, the Micron sustainability team partnered with the Micron Foundation’s Micron Gives program to host a Restore Our Earth donation campaign in 2021, during which team member’s donations were matched two to one.

Team members, assisted by Micron Foundation matching funds, donated 7.3 million during this period.

Beyond making donations, we encouraged team members to volunteer with their families or colleagues and post photos of their experiences to our new sustainability focused social channel.

Team members in Utah partnered with Computers for Kids to collect unneeded electronic devices to be refurbished and shared with people in need.

They collected approximately 10 tons of electronic waste in all.

In addition, Boise team members spent a day picking up trash around the campus and clearing debris from local mountain trails.

In 2021, Micron Singapore launched sustainability committees in various internal organizations.

These committees helped organize in office initiatives including a hydroponics program through which team members can grow and harvest their own vegetables and reverse vending machines where users can receive rebates for recycling bottles and cans.

Team members also raised 126,000 for the Garden City Fund and organized the Star Light volunteering month, in which 15,000 volunteers removed 15 tons of trash from beaches and parks in Singapore and Taiwan.

Micron Taiwan has adopted cooperative forestry land in the Dongshi Forest District.

To help restore the forest, a group of team members cleared more than a ton of invasive vines, planted saplings and cleaned up the space.

Team members also organized a cleanup of the Dajia River, collecting 280 pounds of waste, and gathered more than 1,430 pounds of waste from Da’an Tortoise Shell Ecological Park.

Team members in Hiroshima organized local cleanup events at Kagamiyama Park, Mount Ryuozan and Bayside Beach Saka, as well as along the Shimanami Kaido trail.

Managing our complex, global and diverse supply chain is a major undertaking and one we take very seriously.

Micron is one link in an intricate technology supply chain that spans the globe.

As a producer of the memory and storage solutions used in all modern computing hardware, we have deep experience interacting with supply chain partners as both a supplier and a customer.

We work closely with suppliers to assess risk, drive corrective actions and encourage improvement.

We communicate expectations to our tier 1 suppliers those we source from directly through our supplier requirements standard.

Because we are subject to many of the same auditing protocols as our own suppliers, we are well positioned to set an example of continuous improvement, transparency and collaboration and to drive progress in human rights and environmental stewardship across our industry.

Our supply chain includes a variety of materials, equipment and services that are required to support our operations, from office supplies to highly specialized design components.

As supplier geography diversifies, it increases resilience but complicates our ability to ensure that all suppliers adhere to our global standards.

Over the past two years, industries worldwide have been affected by shortages of non memory components, such as processors.

While Micron does not produce processors or other non memory components, these supply constraints, combined with increasing geopolitical issues impact both suppliers’ ability to provide certain products and our end customers’ demand for our products.

As we navigate these challenges, we will continue to adhere to our responsible sourcing approach.

To drive our approach, Micron has a dedicated and tenacious team that guides our supplier evaluation and approval process and ensures that new and existing suppliers meet our expectations, including those related to social and environmental criteria.

Supply chain risk assessment Close engagement with suppliers allows us to get ahead of potential risks.

This is especially important as we grow our business, respond to evolving trade requirements and diversify our supply chain.

Micron’s supply chain risk and resilience program includes global processes partners with best in class, third party risk service providers and involves a team of highly skilled professionals who seek to go beyond compliance to engage with suppliers and ensure a resilient and sustainable supply chain.

Profiling and managing the relative operational risks of each of our strategic suppliers allow us to continuously manufacture and deliver products to our customers while upholding industry and Micron standards relating to sustainability.

Micron performs a supplier risk assessment that aligns with our guiding document, Integrity Matters: The Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, and with the RBA code of conduct.

We evaluate the results of the assessment to generate a risk score.

We then require any supplier with a high risk score or deficiency in a program or process to develop plans to address issues.

The COVID 19 pandemic continues to pose challenges for conducting in person audits.

In FY22, we are restructuring our audit program to support a combination of on site and remote assessments, conducted both by Micron and by third parties.

As part of these assessments, Micron uses software to manage supplier inputs and data.

This practice improves the coverage, resources and processes used to uphold high expectations for our suppliers.

In FY21, Micron assessed over 878 new suppliers, compared to 848 in FY20.

As a check on this and other processes, we maintain a compliance helpline for anonymous reporting of violations in our supply chain.

We continue to require training for new suppliers and for those involved in business reviews.

This training focuses on responsibilities and expectations for our suppliers, including Micron’s code of conduct, RBA requirements and product compliance standards we also have more tailored training for indirect service and product suppliers.

More than 4,000 supplier representatives, including new suppliers and incumbent strategic partners, have participated in this virtual training since FY18.

Training is part of our supplier performance management process, with suppliers receiving a score based on their training completion in the sustainability section of their scorecard.

Micron’s responsible sourcing and resilience group oversees supply chain risk management, which includes environmental, human rights and geopolitical risks.

This team continues to mature its mission of enabling a resilient, compliant and sustainable global supply chain, a process that involves screenings, assessments, investigations, risk profiling, development and auditing of new and incumbent suppliers.

Screen assess We initially assess suppliers using information from business continuity processes, geographic location, type of commodity or service, Micron’s history with the supplier and third party reviews.

We conduct additional screening for new suppliers.

If we uncover violations of our sourcing standards, we give suppliers 30 days to address gaps before they can be approved.

Otherwise, they are removed from our approved supplier list.

Score We map suppliers at the manufacturing level, focusing on business continuity planning processes, ethics, location, forced labor, environment and safety.

We assign a score that indicates the risk of manufacturing or business disruption, as well as a score that indicates risk associated with responsibility and compliance.

Audit Suppliers identified as high risk may be audited in person to ensure they comply with Micron’s code of conduct.

These audits may be performed on site or remotely.

Improve develop We may develop a mitigation plan and request improvement actions of any suppliers found to be out of compliance, or suppliers may be removed from our supply base.

Micron may establish corrective action plans, conduct in person training or develop scorecard reviews or other plans to improve suppliers’ risk profiles.

The RBA bestows the Factory of Choice designation on facilities that strive for excellence in corporate social responsibility.

To be eligible, a facility must have a minimum validated assessment program (VAP) score of at least 160, no open priority findings concerning cases, have an RBA certified factory lead and have a forum where workers can provide input to management on working conditions.

In 2021, we received this designation for two of our factories in Taiwan.

Human labor rights Micron works to advance human rights in our own operations and expects our suppliers, contractors and other partners to do the same.

We actively work to uphold the highest levels of labor ethics.

All partners we engage with are expected to abide by Integrity Matters: The Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, which aligns to the RBA code of conduct our human rights policy and relevant laws, with a particular emphasis on child and forced labor.

Our commitment to combatting child and forced labor is made public through our slavery and human trafficking statement.

Regular supplier risk assessments include evaluation of human rights issues, and we specifically focus on operations in areas more at risk for violation.

Oversight of human rights begins with anyone who works on a Micron site in any capacity, from security to construction work.

Many of Micron’s suppliers are located in Asia, which has areas that are at higher risk for human rights violations against foreign migrant workers and require additional diligence.

For example, workers may have their passports withheld or be charged recruiting or administrative fees before being hired.

These fees can amount to more than several months’ pay and may require workers to take out loans, effectively forcing them to pay to have a job.

In addition, most of these workers send the bulk of their earnings back to their home countries to support their families, making the payment of loans and fees especially burdensome.

RBA code requirements limiting forced labor differ from the laws regarding fees, levies and working hours in many countries where we do business.

While the variations add complexity, we enforce the more stringent standard if local laws and the RBA code differ.

Micron is actively involved, along with other members of the RBA, in eliminating forced labor in our supply chain through training, dialogue with government officials and interviews with foreign migrant workers about their working conditions.

To prevent forced labor practices, Micron also works with recruitment agents in the countries of hire to make sure agents follow proper procedures.

We are committed to continuous improvement across our supply chain.

In 2021, Micron underwent customer led training related to forced labor and shared lessons learned from this training with our own suppliers.

We also added a new section to our supplier survey designed to assess forced labor risk.

Findings related to working hours increased in 2021 due to pandemic related increases in demand.

We also uncovered issues related to COVID 19 safety measures and worked closely with suppliers to address these issues.

We are an active member of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA).

The RBA is composed of leading electronics, retail, automotive and toy companies that have joined together to promote responsible working conditions, ethical business practices and environmental stewardship globally throughout their respective industry supply chains.

The RBA plays a critical role in upholding a single set of expectations regarding social and environmental responsibility and provides a single process for demonstrating conformance.

Members adhere to a common RBA code of conduct, which addresses supply chain performance expectations for labor, health and safety, environmental practices, ethics and management systems.

Through RBA training materials, monitoring tools and third party audits, we support the efforts of our suppliers to maintain responsible operations.

We also hold suppliers accountable when they fall short of expectations.

To comply with the RBA code in our own operations, we have adopted a vigorous management approach that includes training our team members on code requirements and using third party auditors to verify our actions.

Our global RBA oversight team includes representatives from legal, human resources, EHS, and supplier management functions.

They monitor key RBA metrics across our manufacturing locations and review periodic reports on Micron’s overall RBA performance.

Responsible minerals Like many technology companies, Micron relies on tin, tungsten, tantalum and gold (3TG) in the manufacture of our products.

Micron is also a collaborative member of several RMI working groups and task forces.

We recognize that these and other raw materials, which may also originate outside of the DRC, are subject to controversy based on social and environmental concerns about how they are obtained.

With this in mind, we monitor rare earth elements, metals and materials originating from many regions that are used within our supply chain to understand global risks related to human rights, potential restrictions, availability, pricing and implications to manufacturing processes and products while focusing due diligence efforts on worldwide 3TG minerals.

Micron is committed to ensuring that minerals used in the manufacture of our products, regardless of originating country, do not directly or indirectly fund violence or human rights abuses.

Collaboration among governments, industries and communities is key to achieving this goal.

Reflecting this philosophy, Micron is a founding member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) of the RBA, a consortium that works across the minerals industry to develop a common approach for addressing conflict mineral supply chains and protocols that is expanding to include other minerals beyond 3TG.

Our goal is to source entirely from smelters and refiners validated by third party audits as conformant to the RMI Responsible Minerals Assurance Process or similar cross recognized programs from the Responsible Jewellery Council or London Bullion Market Association (LBMA).

To this end, we seek to align with international best known practices on due diligence set forth in the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development’s Due Diligence Guidance for Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals From Conflict Affected and High Risk Areas.

We comply with section 1502 of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, which requires publicly traded U.S. companies to track, monitor and report annually on conflict minerals in supply chains.

Micron implements policies and procedures to help ensure that our existing suppliers rely on smelters and refiners that are conflict free, and we only engage with new suppliers that make similar commitments.

We require suppliers to remove nonconformant smelters within 13 weeks of when they fall out of conformant status, but they often resolve issues sooner.

We are committed to transparency and publish an annual conflict minerals report on our due diligence and progress toward a conflict free supply chain.

Supplier environmental impact Micron has a significant opportunity to partner across our industry to influence the environmental profile of suppliers.

CDP supply chain program and requested CDP survey responses from our top strategic suppliers.

The findings of this survey will provide a baseline for monitoring suppliers’ progress on emissions reduction and other metrics.

Our initial survey focused on climate, and we plan to add a water component in 2022.

A limited number of equipment manufacturers supply the technologies used in Micron’s fabs and those of our peers.

Micron encourages these equipment manufacturers to develop innovations that reduce water and energy use.

We also help our suppliers to understand our sustainability efforts and to identify and address sustainability related risks, including those pertaining to climate change and other environmental issues.

In much the same way that we work toward reducing the environmental footprint of our own operations, we survey high risk and critical suppliers’ programs to improve energy efficiency reduce greenhouse gases and control, treat and minimize solid waste, wastewater and air emissions.

The RBA audit process used with our suppliers assesses these topics.

We also require key suppliers to report details on their GHG emissions footprint to the CDP by sending Micron their CDP submissions or providing GHG data directly to Micron.

Beyond encouraging suppliers to disclose their direct carbon footprints, we are working with them to make environmental improvements at Micron sites.

In 2020, we piloted a program with a targeted group of capital equipment suppliers to support Micron’s energy, emissions, water and waste goals.

We now have a tracking system for projects advancing these goals and are establishing timelines and milestones to keep us moving forward.

One such wafer fab equipment supplier, Applied Materials, Inc., supports Micron by providing energy and process greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction solutions, analytical tools and evaluations of abatement and alternate process gases.

Supplier diversity Our partnerships with diverse businesses are invaluable to strengthening our supply chain and communities.

Micron’s supplier diversity program was established in 2019 to build mutually beneficial partnerships with diverse suppliers, which collectively refers to businesses that are majority owned by women, underrepresented communities, people with disabilities, members of the LGBTQ community and veterans.

In 2020, as part of our diversity, equality and inclusion (DEI) commitments, we set a goal to double Micron’s annual spend with diverse owned businesses by FY23, using a FY20 baseline.

By the end of 2021, Micron exceeded our three year goal, more than doubling our spend in just one year.

But our progress goes beyond just increasing spending.

Direct impact: Micron wants to increase our business with and grow a competitive pipeline of tier 1 suppliers.

To do this, we analyze our global supplier list to identify diverse suppliers that we are already doing business with and match those suppliers with procurement opportunities.

We prioritize the inclusion of diverse suppliers in new sourcing activities and ensure that procurement teams recognize these diverse businesses.

More than 20 global procurement team members serve as supplier diversity champions, acting as advocates and leading external engagements in their geographies.

Indirect impact: To foster opportunities throughout the supply chain ecosystem, we ask our partners to have their own supplier diversity programs in place and make efforts to engage diverse businesses in support of Micron contracts.

These expectations are embedded in Micron’s supplier responsibility expectations and supplier performance management processes.

Ecosystem impact: We invest in external partnerships that advance the growth and success of diverse businesses globally.

Micron is a corporate member of the National Minority Supplier Development Council, the National Gay and Lesbian Chamber of Commerce, and Disability:IN.

We work with WEConnect International, a global network that connects women owned businesses to qualified corporate buyers around the world, to increase opportunities for women owned businesses throughout Asia.

Industry impact: Micron works with industry organizations to drive the inclusion and competitiveness of diverse suppliers in the semiconductor industry.

As a corporate member of the SEMI Manufacturing Ownership Diversity work group, we are engaging with our peers to develop best practice standards in supplier diversity and drive adoption across our industry.

As we look ahead, we are committed to building on the momentum we achieved in FY21.

We have set aggressive goals for global procurement and across all category areas.

We will continue to empower our teams to expand opportunities for diverse businesses, strengthen our partnerships with internal and external organizations to drive change, and build on best practices to advance supplier diversity among our supply base and within the semiconductor industry.

When we widen the pool of potential suppliers, we promote development and competition, improve quality and cost, and invite unique perspectives and innovative thinking.

Scope of spend: Tier 1 and tier 2 diverse supplier spend.

Our team members have an innate curiosity that brings out their best and helps them celebrate diverse perspectives.

This passion extends beyond our Micron walls and into our communities to enrich life for all.

We strive to maximize each person’s potential by supporting them at every stage from recruitment to onboarding to continued engagement and development.

That’s why we look beyond our team members’ careers to address their total wellbeing, including their physical, mental, and financial health and their social connections.

One of the main ways our team members told us we could enhance their wellbeing was through greater job flexibility and we listened.

As COVID 19 protocols have eased, we’ve provided flexible work arrangements to team members, including remote, hybrid (remote and on site), and fully on site work.

Through periodic team member surveys, we gain further insight on how we can maintain their total wellbeing.

To keep our team members engaged in their roles, wherever and however they work, we offer team building and collaboration programs.

Our Emergenetics program helps our team members understand how they and their colleagues prefer to navigate work and approach unique challenges.

We facilitated more than 180 Emergenetics sessions in 2021, and nearly 17,000 team members have created Emergenetics profiles to date.

In addition, we launched Micron’s first Team Building Playbook in April 2021, which received over 600 views in the first three days.

People and leader development To remain competitive, we need the best and brightest talent on our side.

Prospective employees can talk to team members in similar roles to ask questions and get a clear sense of what to expect from the job.

Candidates are also prompted to create profiles on a personal career site where they can learn about other positions to consider across Micron.

Research shows that a team member’s first months in a new job are key to long term retention.

That’s why we take a hands on approach after candidates become part of the Micron team.

We enhanced the onboarding process in several ways in 2021, including implementing the Launch Buddies program.

Launch buddies are team members who help new hires get their bearings and navigate the Micron culture during their first weeks at work.

We are also working to ensure that 30 , 60 and 90 day plans are in place for all new employees to foster a sense of accomplishment and progress early on.

Looking ahead, we intend to establish global best practices for onboarding that extend throughout a person’s first year on the job.

We have also implemented a tailored set of practices to recruit candidates from diverse backgrounds.

This includes building a diverse slate of qualified candidates, ensuring that interview panels themselves are diverse and offering referral bonuses for candidates from underrepresented groups.

We continue to recruit from historically Black colleges and universities and Hispanic serving institutions, as well as through organizations such as the Society of Women Engineers.

In addition, we use AI to draft job descriptions to reduce or eliminate the potential for bias, and we remove identifiable information from r sum s, minimizing any distractions from personal characteristics to instead focus on individual merit.

Micron’s legal department uses the Mansfield Rule, which means it seeks to consider at least 50% historically underrepresented lawyers for 70% or more of its high visibility opportunities, internal promotions, significant leadership roles and outside counsel representation.

Knowing that bias can unconsciously influence hiring decisions, volunteers from our employee resource groups (ERGs) have been trained to participate on interview panels as candidate allies to identify and exclude any bias.

The ally listens carefully and challenges assumptions to ensure hiring decisions are made fairly.

More than 600 Micron team members were trained to serve in this role in FY21.

As a result of our diverse recruitment programs, which have been implemented worldwide, underrepresented hires increased 5.4% for new hires and 7.3% for new college graduates from FY20 to FY21.

Micron is committed to ensuring the representation of our workforce reflects the global community.

Micron’s goal is to always hire the best candidate, with no preferential treatment being given to any candidate for any reason.

Micron participates in the Great Place to Work survey, which allows us to identify strengths and areas of opportunity, as well as to benchmark our performance against other companies.

In 2021, in every eligible region, we were either named a Great Place to Work, made a Best Workplaces list, or both.

Micron is committed to developing team members and leaders at all stages of their careers.

It starts with who and how we hire, with a strong focus on diverse candidates, new college graduates and experienced hires from the broader industry.

We have placed special emphasis on onboarding and integrating Micron new hires to keep them informed and engaged from their first day.

Beyond onboarding, team members also have numerous ways to develop technical acumen and skills, including continuing education opportunities, a robust mentoring program and numerous internal certifications and trainings.

We develop and accelerate our leaders’ careers through role specific learning that supports them in moving to higher level positions and through a large selection of learner centric open enrollment offerings that provide immediate development needs.

Our talent acquisition team works to build a diverse, global workforce and uses our reputation as a technology leader and a great place to work to attract a diverse talent pool.

Colleges and universities are an important source of recruits, and we have partnerships with institutions worldwide.

In 2021, we enhanced our university recruitment efforts by establishing the New College Group, a suite of outreach tools including newsletters, virtual team building sessions and welcome events that help us stay close to this candidate population.

While experienced engineering professionals tend to be familiar with Micron and its legacy, leaders at Micron India recently noted a lack of awareness about our company on college campuses.

To increase awareness of opportunities at Micron and possibilities on the frontiers of memory design, Micron India launched the University Research Alliance of Micron (URAM) in 2020.

URAM brings together academic institutions and key faculty experts, advanced research labs, student communities, industry associations, startups and government agencies to further research, education and innovation in memory design.

Students can access Micron’s labs, international internships and fellowships, and a wide range of learning resources, while faculty and their research groups can use Micron’s expertise and infrastructure to collaborate on memory design, storage technologies and systems.

In the second year of the program, several Micron leaders delivered lectures to university students and faculty.

We also expanded the program to include scholarships, curated knowledge sessions, open innovation challenges and more advanced research collaborations.

URAM now partners with 20 of India’s top engineering colleges and has engaged thousands of students.

The program will play a critical role in Micron India’s plans to more than double its team member footprint over the next several years, providing vital connections with some of the country’s most promising talent.

At Micron, we utilize a research based, people centric approach to understanding and improving team member engagement.

Our Engage program is built on the proven premise that engagement results from three driving factors: meaningfulness, availability and psychological safety.

We gather team member feedback around these critical indicators in an annual, company wide survey and then share these collected insights with every team member at Micron.

Sharing results openly across the company is a distinguishing and purposeful design feature of our program, as many companies only share results with their people leaders.

The transparency and accountability that we promote through broader sharing of insights is an important part of how we demonstrate our value of team member engagement.

In 2021, 88% of our team member base took time to share feedback, including nearly 70,000 individual written comments.

We see these comments as a rich source of insight into what team members truly care about, and we employ advanced machine learning analysis to help provide a scalable way to navigate all this written feedback.

This analysis provides a roadmap and demonstrates the impact verbatim comments can have on needed change.

We recognize that listening is only one part of the team member engagement process.

We must also act on what we learn Each leader at Micron is encouraged to provide their team members with time to digest team results individually and then to facilitate a group discussion to identify shared opportunities to improve.

Each team then works together to create and implement a meaningful action plan.

We acknowledge that sincere follow through is an essential part of encouraging, growing, and reinforcing healthy employee engagement across Micron.

Micron embraces a growth mindset and provides an environment where our team members continually learn and thrive.

From there, team members can receive education to support their current roles as well as career aspirations.

Education can take many forms, including guided workshops, on demand training, experiences and programs for developing specific technical or leadership skills.

Micron supports this through world class technology and partners, including a customized, internally developed platform called Micron University.

Micron provides opportunities to grow and be rewarded through Reach Performance, our performance management philosophy.

This program supports team members by providing a philosophy, systems and processes to assess performance, understand potential and enable promotions.

Reach Performance establishes clear individual performance expectations, supports team member development and enables leaders to be better coaches.

It begins with collaboratively setting individual goals, progresses through periodic check ins and regular feedback and culminates with a calibrated performance review.

Along the way, Micron strives to create an inspiring, high performance culture that empowers team members to do their best.

In 2021, we introduced the Empowered Careers program, a suite of career development and management tools and resources that encourages team members to take ownership of their professional development.

This four month program includes a series of experiences through which team members create career development plans, complete a capstone project and share what they’ve learned with their peers.

We further encourage collaborative learning through mentorship, a key driver of retention.

Mentorship evolved into a formalized program in FY21 as our talent development teams partnered with ERGs and other development groups to centralize mentoring resources and expand programs globally.

Our mentoring playbook is now available in English, simplified and traditional Chinese, Japanese and Malay.

Mentorship and its resulting connections have become particularly important during the past two years when many team members worked remotely due to the pandemic.

So far in CY22 we are tracking a total of 793 program participants.

Sharpening team members’ skills Beyond encouraging team members’ development through career planning and coaching, we enable them to learn and refine specific skills through a variety of programs.

For example, team members can access the Micron TLP Technical Journal an in house, peer reviewed archival journal with articles published by members of Micron’s Technical Leadership Program as well as technical seminars.

Micron’s learning management system allows team members to view courses that have been assigned to them or search the catalog and self assign items.

They can also request or register for instructor led learning or access online learning.

To promote Micron’s goal of enabling the workforce of the future, we offer Micron University and the Digital Skills Academy.

The Digital Skills Academy, now in its second year, includes training on critical technology trends, including AI, cloud computing, data science and digital security.

Team members can select a training opportunity by level of expertise, and leaders can identify learning opportunities that are relevant for their team members.

A skills advisory board assesses offerings periodically to identify future skill needs and propose solutions for developing them in our workforce.

Micron resources are also available to help our team members prepare their educational plans and select programs that further their interests and career development.

Micron offers a continuing education program, providing tuition for eligible team members pursuing higher education degrees, and an education assistance program for those seeking additional industry related courses and certifications.

In FY21, we increased this program’s budget and automated much of the application process to make it easier for team members to apply.

Growing leaders at every level Leadership is a skill that can always be developed and refined.

Micron prepares emerging leaders and helps existing leaders succeed through programs designed to build their leadership capabilities during key points in their careers.

Over 300 leaders participated in this program in FY21.

Ignite: Ignite is a five week program for team members aspiring to leadership roles.

Ignite exposes these team members to global people leadership expectations and responsibilities prior to committing to a leadership career path.

With over 400 participants in FY21, the Ignite program is important for building the next generation of leaders at Micron.

Core Management: This program is a mandatory learning experience for new managers at Micron.

It focuses on managerial and performance fundamentals and covers Micron’s leadership philosophy, behaviors and styles.

In FY21, we added an abbreviated version of the program called Core Maximized, intended for experienced external hires with prior leadership experience.

Leadership Circuit: Our open enrollment catalogue of short courses on 13 leadership topics continues to be one of our most popular programs.

Focus areas include communication, decision making, emotional intelligence, growth mindset, coaching and storytelling, and the program now has new courses on creating a culture of appreciation, promoting wellbeing and identifying common team dysfunctions.

Leadership Flash: This series of microlearning documents captures best practices and application guidance on 22 key principles of leadership.

New topics in FY21 included holding effective meetings, one on ones and stay conversations.

Leadership Amplifier: We piloted this fully virtual program for midlevel leaders in FY21 and will roll the program out globally in FY22.

Berkeley Executive Education, we are designing a high potential executive readiness program to build executive bench strength and support newly minted executives.

Wellbeing benefits We aim to help team members thrive inside and outside the workplace by embracing all facets of wellbeing.

As we broaden our view of wellbeing, we are providing training for leaders and individual contributors on the definitions and importance of each wellbeing pillar.

Micron’s global wellbeing team aims to create and promote a culture of health and wellbeing and to support that culture at the individual, group, organization and workplace levels.

Over the past year, we have shifted the terms we use to describe our own work and offerings from wellness to wellbeing, with the belief that wellbeing better captures the broad scope of factors physical, mental, social, career and financial that affect how an individual functions at and away from work.

In FY21, we introduced these five wellbeing pillars.

We encourage our team members to seek balance between their work and home lives.

Micron follows Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) standards on working hours, which state that employees in all functions should work no more than 60 hours a week (typical in some international manufacturing environments), except in emergency or unusual situations, with at least one day off every seven days.

We also offer flexible work arrangements and compressed work weeks for manufacturing team members so they can manage work and life.

Our team member wellness program offers resources across our five pillars of wellbeing.

Virgin Pulse, available through Micron’s wellbeing portal, provides employees with fitness trackers.

It combines gamification, social connection and behavioral health education to encourage team members to form healthy habits.

The GuidanceResources program provides Micron team members and their family members with confidential support, resources and information for personal and work life issues, including financial and legal advice.

Micron Connection is an online community that encourages team members to connect through clubs, volunteering and other opportunities.

Team member advocates are available to speak to colleagues about work, personal and family concerns.

Advocates are trained to help team members find resources and solutions.

We expanded the team member advocacy program globally in FY21.

Short term counseling sessions and group listening sessions guide team members in managing their stress, particularly around emotionally challenging topics such as the pandemic and racial injustice around the world.

Part of a peer support program, connect groups bring together team members with a similar shared experience.

These groups are aligned with the missions of specific ERGs.

To date, we have connect groups that focus on parenting LGBTQ children, caring for elderly or disabled family members, dealing with the loss of a spouse, among other topics.

Physical Lifestyle choices and behaviors around preventive health exams, sleep, diet, physical activity, hygiene, safety and relaxation that enhance functioning.

Mental A state in which team members can realize their potential, cope with the normal stresses of life, work productively and fruitfully, and engage.

Social Meaningful relationships with peers, supervisors and the organization that foster a sense of belonging and community.

Career Team members’ feelings about their job today, career growth prospects for tomorrow and achievement of life goals.

Financial A state in which team members can fully meet current and ongoing financial obligations, feel secure in their financial future and make choices that allow them to enjoy life.

Our total compensation strategy includes base salary, annual bonuses and equity awards.

We also offer a discounted stock purchase program, allowing team members to purchase Micron stock at a 15% discount in most of the markets where we operate.

They can enroll in the program twice a year and contribute up to 15% of their salary.

In FY2021, 69% of our team members opted to participate in this program.

In FY21, we added a concierge service Included Health to better connect U.S. team members and their families to culturally competent health providers, local community and social resources, and financial partners who understand the unique needs of the LGBTQ community.

This resource makes health care more accessible for people seeking information, emotional assistance and treatment about personal matters such as gender confirmation surgery and mental health support for LGBTQ issues.

Knowing that many other opportunities exist at the intersection of wellbeing and inclusion, we are exploring similar benefits and site amenities for our team members around the world.

Diversity, equality inclusion For all describes not just who we serve but also how we operate.

We increased our annual spend with diverse suppliers to 332 million up more than 100% from FY20.

Micron’s team member engagement survey includes two questions that assess Micron’s culture on behaviors that support inclusion this inclusion index score was 85%, up seven points from FY20.

Beyond these goals, we made measurable progress in other ways.

Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO 1) Component 1 diversity data and EEO 1 Component 2 pay data for the first time.

And we added DEI goals as a component of our short term incentive pay plan for all of our team members and executives, tying team member and executive compensation to our overall DEI goals and commitments.

Our hope is that, by taking strong and transparent steps like these, we will encourage others in our industry to follow.

Further data and details about these accomplishments and our global efforts to foster a diverse and inclusive workplace for all can be found in our 2021 DEI report.

Our strong commitment to diversity, equality and inclusion (DEI) for all forms a foundation for how we operate our business, connect with our global team members and engage with the communities where we live and work.

This commitment also requires bold actions and sustained follow through.

In FY20, we set six bold commitments, each with an executive sponsor, to advance DEI globally and at all levels of the company.

We achieved comprehensive global pay equity for all underrepresented groups.

This goal included eliminating any statistically significant differences in total compensation (including base pay, cash bonuses and stock rewards) for team members in the U.S. who are veterans, Black and Hispanic Latino, as well as globally for women and team members with disabilities.

We exceeded our goal to invest 3% of our cash investments with diverse financial institutions.

Micron earmarked 300 million in FY21 to be managed by diverse firms and to support impact investment initiatives and strategies.

That amount has been increased to 500 million for FY22, with services expanded to share repurchases.

Representation remained flat for U.S. race ethnicity in FY21, but underrepresented hires increased 5.4% for new hires and 7.3% for new college graduates.

Representation increased 2.5% for female vice presidents.

We achieved comprehensive global pay equity in total employee compensation across base pay, cash bonuses and stock awards for all team members.

We achieved an inclusion index score of 85%, up seven points from FY20.

Economics Education and the workplace Technology Civic Environment and health We also provided 2.9 million to support racial and LGBTQ causes.

The Micron PAC committed to donating 100,000 over the next three years to PACs supporting diverse congressional candidates.

We provided DEI training to local police and municipal employees in Lehi, Utah, and Manassas, Virginia.

We exceeded our goal to invest 3% of our cash investments with diverse financial institutions.

We increased our annual spend with diverse suppliers to 332 million1 up from 104 million in FY20.

Creating an inclusive culture belongs to all of us, not just to members of underrepresented groups.

Allies play an important role in encouraging everyone to feel welcome, and we worked throughout FY21 to help every Micron team member understand the importance of true, active allyship.

We invested in ally training and set a goal for all team members to complete the training by the end of FY21.

Team members could choose from nine versions of inclusion ally training offered by our ERGs (our 10th and newest ERG, the Asian American and Pacific Islander Network, formed after ally training was created).

The training encourages team members to listen to stories from members of underrepresented groups and learn how to advocate for people in those communities.

We also provided an ally bystander intervention guide to all team members.

The guide teaches team members what to do if they witness unprofessional conduct or microaggressions in the workplace.

It offers scenarios for discussion and outlines appropriate intervention techniques, including when to interrupt and when it may be safer to avoid direct intervention and get help.

Micron deepened the conversation around allyship by participating in the 2021 Day of Understanding, an event created by CEO Action for Diversity Inclusion.

This year’s theme, Inclusion Allyship: Creating Space for All, came to life through events around the world, including presentations, small group discussions and conversations with Micron leaders about their personal allyship journeys.

To maintain this momentum throughout the year, we recognize Global Inclusion Ally Award winners each quarter.

In FY21, 26 team members received this honor with a callout by our executives during town hall meetings.

We are proud to have increased representation of women on our team at all levels and around the world in FY21.

Notably, our sites in India, Malaysia and Taiwan now exceed semiconductor industry benchmarks for representation of women.

We will continue to develop and support Micron’s female leadership pipeline by nurturing team members early in their leadership journey.

In late FY21, the company launched our Elevate program, designed for female midlevel leaders at Micron.

Fifty female leaders from around the world (20 in the U.S. and Europe and 30 in Asia) are participating.

This group based program enables participants to network with each other, share tools and best practices, and identify their leadership styles.

We have also led the way on diversifying our board of directors, achieving both 50% female representation and more than 60% diversity for race and gender.

Our newest board member, Linnie Haynesworth, is also our first African American board member.

With her appointment in February 2021, Micron surpassed the U.S. Nasdaq Stock Market LLC’s Board Diversity Rule before it went into effect.

Despite these advancements in our leadership team, racial and ethnic diversity across our global teams held steady throughout the year.

Team member voices are essential to our culture of inclusion.

Our ERGs are behind much of our progress over the past year.

Black, Hispanic Latino, women, young professionals, people with disabilities, tenured and experienced, veterans, multicultural or LGBTQ , or allies to any of these groups.

ERGs bring team members together and ensure they feel supported and empowered to stand up for equality both within Micron and in their communities.

Given the ERGs’ influence, Micron decided to better align the role of the ERGs with corporate goals, contributions to Micron’s business and professional development.

Micron partnered with Robert Rodriguez, who has a doctorate in Organization Development and is the founder and president of DRR Advisors, to implement an industry standard ERG operating model, the 4C Model.

ERG leaders used the model to build more intentional, actionable objectives around culture, career, community and commerce into their ERG business plans.

These 4Cs are all areas where ERGs can significantly influence Micron.

In FY21, Micron held the first annual ERG leadership summit.

This two day virtual event was attended by nearly 500 ERG leaders and executive sponsors around the world.

Leaders learned about implementation of the 4C Model, and how their work with ERGs can support Micron, develop their leadership skills and grow their careers.

We also organized an ERG grants challenge through which the Micron Foundation awarded up to 50,000 to charities selected by each ERG. Learn more about Micron’s charitable giving in the Communities section.

One of Micron’s DEI commitments is to advocate for racial and LGBTQ equality beyond our business.

We created a social justice council to explore how our people, philanthropy and policies can work together to drive change worldwide.

Council members from around the globe will decide the best way to use Micron’s people and resources.

In FY22, we plan to transition the social justice council to an advisory board, but it will continue its important work, including establishing global commitments, advocating for criminal justice reform and supporting diverse U.S. congressional candidates.

We also entered strategic partnerships to create a more inclusive workplace for all.

For example, we joined the Alliance for Global Inclusion to tackle diversity issues in the semiconductor industry.

We joined the Valuable 500, a coalition of more than 500 national and multinational corporations committed to unlocking the social and economic value of people with disabilities.

We also became a corporate partner of Disability:IN, joining nearly 300 companies that work toward disability inclusion and equality.

And we officially joined Out Equal, an organization advocating for greater workplace equality for people in the LGBTQ community.

FY21 data definitions were changed to better align to Micron’s global job structure.

Find the updated definitions in the DEI report data dictionary.

Unknown by group excluded because variance is not statistically relevant.

We are working to evolve it into a value so embedded in our corporate culture that it becomes second nature.

Micron’s approach to safety can be summarized in two words: Live Safe.

Live Safe is also the name of our comprehensive safety program, which completed its first full year in CY21.

Live Safe is about every team member going home safe every day.

The program aims to build a common baseline of understanding of safety culture and risk through structured training for team members, managers and leaders.

These efforts focus on building awareness and capacities that eliminate risk and create confidence through a shared safety culture.

We expect team members at all levels of the organization to engage with safety related topics by participating in safety training and campaigns and by considering safety before beginning work each day.

This makes safety and health actionable for everyone.

Our Live Safe handbook details relevant topics and guidelines that we expect team members to consider in their work.

Our cultural process for safety (Live Safe) is coupled with strong management and technical programs, processes and procedures.

As a result of the Live Safe program and associated initiatives, Micron achieved an important safety goal at the end of CY21: zero serious injuries or fatalities.

These types of injuries may be associated with the nine critical risks that Micron has identified and managed.

We also saw a reduction in recordable injury rates for both construction and operations.

There is room to improve our performance even further.

We have set a new goal to drive zero repeat injuries, which means that if an incident occurs on a Micron site, leaders must take action to help prevent a similar incident from occurring in the Micron network.

Ultimately, we aim to transition from zero repeat to zero harm, a goal that will depend on emerging technologies to further reduce risk.

Achieving zero harm will require evolving safety from a priority to a value so integral to our corporate culture that it becomes instinctual.

To measure our success, we have identified five levels of safety engagement in the Live Safe program.

Our organization is at the priority level of safety maturity, and we plan to be at the value level by 2023.

Site maturity assessments and surveys will aid in identifying areas for continuous improvement, and we will be proactive in developing and adopting technology and best in class methods to ensure we are mitigating risk before it leads to an incident.

Micron began reporting injury rates for construction contractors in 2020.

Management systems at all of Micron’s manufacturing sites cover employees and nonemployee workers.

Approximately 84% of Micron team members are assigned to manufacturing locations.

All leaders in manufacturing participate in regular area safety assessments where they walk through their work environments looking for potentially unsafe conditions and behaviors.

They also participate in behavioral safety assessments during which they observe their teams at work and share constructive feedback, including correcting unsafe behaviors.

When issues are identified through an area safety walk or a behavioral assessment, we track corrections and timely closeouts.

We also track that team members complete all required safety training.

An ongoing mindset across multiple Micron functions is to shift left to anticipate, prevent and detect issues or potential vulnerabilities as early as possible.

Regarding safety, this means implementing best practices not just among our own team members but also among our suppliers whose employees help make up our extended workforce.

We have tightened controls around our vendor selection and vendor contract requirements and begun to onboard select strategic suppliers to the Live Safe program.

Soon, we will expand the scope of our Live Safe metrics to include suppliers and vendors, and leaders conducting safety audits will be expected to involve suppliers where possible.

When more people are focused on safety, the safer each of us will be.

While behavior and culture change are critical components of our approach, technology will play an important role as we work to improve on already world class safety performance.

Micron is exploring several emerging technologies to help us assess, develop and ensure safe behaviors in our facilities.

For example, safety professionals rely heavily on checklists, training and memory to carry out effective inspections.

With countless details to track, they may occasionally overlook pertinent details.

Augmented reality can help overcome this challenge.

By wearing a headset not much larger than a pair of safety glasses, auditors can look for unsafe conditions while seeing important details projected virtually in their field of view.

We are also investigating the use of augmented reality solutions to train team members at construction sites.

Controlling access to hazardous work environments is another way to prevent injuries from occurring.

To improve and enhance our controls, we are piloting an access control system at a site in Malaysia.

This system would use biometric controls and geofencing to prevent workers from entering unauthorized areas or coming too close to obstructions, such as overhead power lines or storage locations for hazardous substances.

Workplace safety inspections typically occupy about 12.5% of an evaluator’s time each week.

But even during an inspection, these people cannot possibly have eyes on all areas at all times.

Another technology we are exploring involves CCTVs equipped with artificial intelligence strategically located throughout work sites.

This technology would allow for 24 7 monitoring, which would not only detect more potentially unsafe conditions but also generate a wealth of data to help us better understand safety trends.

In addition to detecting unsafe acts and conditions, CCTVs could enable us to see beyond barriers.

When equipped with infrared and thermal detection, these devices can identify incipient fires or overheated surfaces and address these issues with automatic and human interaction.

Each of these technologies holds great promise to save time and resources and, most importantly, to keep Micron team members safe.

Micron is an industry leader in the responsible use of chemicals, gases and byproducts that are part of manufacturing.

We focus on protecting our team members by identifying chemical hazards through a rigorous approval process, potentially eliminating or substituting these substances with materials of lower risk, implementing engineering controls, and providing information about hazards to team members through training.

As appropriate, we provide team members with personal protective equipment, conduct regular medical checks, and monitor for concentrations of hazardous substances.

Micron has implemented a risk based approach of analyzing and controlling hazards for the lifecycle of hazardous chemicals and gases.

A global team, coordinating with leadership, equipment engineering, and facilities at each manufacturing and technology development site, provides training, assesses risk, mitigates hazards and responds to incidents.

These teams follow a risk based program developed by the Center for Chemical Process Safety.

It is built on 20 elements that are essential to a successful process safety strategy.

To discover and mitigate any safety concerns on fab workstations and facilities systems, teams primarily use a risk assessment tool known as a hazard and operability study (HAZOP).

Worldwide, Micron team members have completed over 1,300 HAZOPs since 2013.

The global process safety and hazard review team is now improving a database of safety critical information for all the gases and chemicals used at Micron.

Through partnerships with process and equipment engineering teams, our efforts continue to reduce overall risk for our manufacturing and technology development sites.

Beyond protecting the people who make our products from hazardous substances, Micron works to mitigate adverse effects on the environment and comply with regulations everywhere we operate.

We take a long term approach to eliminating the use of high hazard materials, working across our industry to develop alternatives with lower risk.

Although these are not regulatory requirements for Micron in some countries, we view this as a best practice that positions Micron as an industry leader to ensure the safety of our team members and their communities.

Throughout CY21, Micron’s comprehensive emergency preparedness plan continued to provide the framework for our response.

This plan, which is adjusted in real time, outlines risk based categories that can be applied uniformly to mitigate risk and keep workers safe at our sites worldwide.

In CY21, we adjusted the risk levels included in the plan to account for virus surges in many communities.

While the plan provides technical internal guidance, the Micron COVID 19 Playbook serves as a source of information on protocols and Micron’s evolving pandemic response for team members, customers and suppliers.

Given that many team members in our manufacturing facilities perform work that cannot be done remotely, we utilized safety protocols including safe distancing, cleaning and mask wearing in our facilities.

We also upgraded air handling systems and installed bipolar ionization technology at sites worldwide that effectively removes the coronavirus from a building’s air flow.

All U.S. employees, plus all U.S. contractors who must work inside our buildings to conduct their jobs, must be vaccinated against COVID 19 (with appropriate medical and religious exemptions).

Micron has provided incentives and support to encourage vaccinations for team members and their families worldwide, including organizing vaccination clinics in the U.S., Malaysia, India, Japan and Taiwan, and offering in home vaccinations for team members in India.

While working on site, all Micron workers around the globe, including suppliers and contractors, must take weekly COVID 19 tests with kits provided by Micron and isolate according to our protocols if they test positive.

If team members contract or are exposed to COVID 19 at work, we provide paid leave during their quarantine period, as well as paid leave for team members experiencing vaccination related side effects.

Micron Gives promotes human potential through programs that deliver STEM education, basic human needs and equitable opportunities for all.

Since 1999, the Micron Foundation has supported the communities where we live, learn, work and play.

Over the past several years, we have aligned all philanthropic efforts under the Micron Gives program, which enables team members to donate time and money to the causes they choose.

It also invests in future generations of innovators and educators by developing and funding programs to promote science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM) education, with a focus on creating equitable opportunities for underrepresented groups and people in underserved communities.

Alongside our team members, Micron Gives also invests in communities through charitable causes that address basic human needs.

In 2021, Micron built on our tremendous 2020 momentum and leaned into new ways of responding to the COVID 19 pandemic and systemic racial inequalities.

Our giving for 2021 totaled 13 million and reached 4.9 million lives.

The largest portion of the Micron Foundation’s funding, 4.25 million, provided education grants to partners helping underrepresented and underserved students find pathways to STEM careers.

We continued to deliver many of our K 12 programs virtually due to the pandemic.

What began out of necessity has evolved into a benefit and enabled us to reach more students than ever, many in communities where such offerings have been harder to find.

Whether we were hosting hands on science activities, giving students the chance to explore careers in our industry or offering diversity and opportunity grants to global universities, these investments will provide opportunities for all for years to come.

We also strengthened our support for social impact and equality, standing behind important initiatives to combat antisemitism and hate against Asian Americans and Pacific Islanders.

To extend our influence and amplify the voice of our team members, we launched new diversity grants in collaboration with Micron ERGs.

The Micron Foundation continued to support urgent needs in our site locations around the world, responding to ongoing challenges associated with pandemic surges and natural disasters to provide access to care and basic human needs such as food, housing and supplies.

The risk and resilience program does not use the term precautionary principle, but Micron does recognize it is our responsibility to prevent harm from our actions.

Micron’s enterprise risk management system puts controls in place when we know our actions have the potential to harm.

As Micron reviews and creates new corporate policies, the precautionary principle term may be used.

Sustainability strategy ESG issue prioritization Our report content is informed by our ESG issue prioritization, the GRI and SASB Standards.

Micron treats the requested information as privileged and confidential.

However, Micron has processes in place to investigate allegations and suspicions of corruption and, if substantiated, issue corrective actions.

Micron 2021 Form 10 K (pp. 29 31 and 66 68) In FY21, Micron incurred no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti competitive behavior regulations.

Micron received 157,101.00 in significant fines (greater than 25,000) and 3 notices of violation in CY2021.

In FY21, 100% of all 878 new suppliers were screened for environmental criteria during our onboarding process.

Of the suppliers assessed in FY21, none were identified to have environmental related findings that required improvement plans.

No suppliers were found to meet criteria for termination as a result of noncompliance with environmental issues.

People Acquiring talent Performance at a glance Turnover Micron considers new hire information to be confidential and therefore does not publicly disclose it.

As of September 2021, 100% of team members had completed at least one form of occupational health and safety training.

Over 313,000 health and safety training hours were logged in CY21.

Management systems at all of Micron’s manufacturing sites cover 100% of employees and nonemployee workers.

Approximately 84% of Micron team members are assigned to manufacturing locations in FY21.

Micron provides global transitional assistance programs for those team members affected by a reduction in workforce.

Transitional assistance includes career guidance, resume writing and access to career opportunities, both regionally and globally.

In FY21, all eligible employees received a performance review.

In FY21, eligible employees made up 50.6% of Micron’s total workforce and are those with at least three months of performance in the fiscal year, not including contractors, union workers, fixed term employees.

Micron reports internally on allegations, including discrimination.

We provide this report to the chief people officer and general counsel monthly and to the CEO and the board of directors’ audit committee quarterly.

All allegations of discrimination reported through human resources, compliance or other channels are fully investigated and documented, and appropriate actions are taken.

Micron monitors human rights concerns in our supply chain, including freedom of association Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics, Human Rights Policy and Supplier Expectations include the right for freedom of association, and we audit our manufacturing sites through the RBA validated assessment program.

The Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Human Rights Policy explicitly prohibit child labor or the exploitation of children.

In addition, our suppliers must follow RBA standards on labor, health, safety, the environment, ethics and management systems, regardless of local law or custom.

As stated in the Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and Human Rights Policy, Micron forbids the use of forced labor, bonded (including debt bondage) labor, indentured labor, involuntary or exploitative prison labor, slavery or trafficking in our own operations or in those of our supply chain.

Our commitment to these concerns is made public through our Combating Modern Slavery and Human Trafficking statement.

In addition, our suppliers are expected to follow RBA standards on labor, health, safety, the environment, ethics and management systems, regardless of local law or custom.

As of September 2021, 98% of team members completed human rights trainings on topics including code of conduct, human trafficking and harassment.

Over 43,000 training hours were logged in FY21 on these subjects.

In FY21, 100% of new suppliers were screened for safety and labor management criteria during our onboarding process.

Suppliers are required to comply with Micron’s environmental product compliance specifications, which contain a list of banned and restricted substances.

Solid state drive product labels bear multiple safety emissions substance marks: CE EU EMI RoHS, FCC US EMI, VCCI Japan, BSMI EMI RoHS, ICES Canada EMI, RCM AUS NZ EMI, KC Korea EMI, Morocco Morocco EMI, UL US Canada safety, TUV Germany safety, or China RoHS.

The WEE symbol is also included per customer request however, Micron’s current obligation is only to notify the customer of material content.

Module product labels bear the CE mark, indicating EMI RoHS compliance.

In FY21, Micron had no identified leaks, thefts or losses of customer data and received no substantiated complaints from customers, outside parties or regulatory bodies concerning breaches of customer privacy and losses of customer data.

While this specific standard disclosure is not a relevant metric for Micron given the breadth of the company’s product portfolio and manufacture of memory and storage (rather than processors), Micron recognizes the importance of product energy efficiency.

Our approach to this topic and data about the efficiency of some recent products can be found in: Products innovation Energy efficiency and Micron 2021 Form 10 K (pp.

Micron’s global business model provides opportunities for team members to complete assignments in different countries.

In FY2021, 5% of the workforce was foreign nationals and 76% were located outside the U.S.

Micron is committed to protecting workers per the Micron Code of Business Conduct and Ethics.

Our code provides guidelines on how to act with integrity and make the right choices.

It summarizes the laws and ethical principles that apply to our work, including industry standards like the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) code of conduct.

We are strongly committed to respecting and protecting human rights wherever we operate.

To that end, we follow all applicable laws relating to working hours and wages.

Micron does not retain employees’ identity or immigration original documents, such as government issued identification, passports or work permits, unless such holdings are required by law.

To protect human rights beyond our direct operations, Micron further requires our suppliers and contractors to adopt the same or similar standards.

In addition to the defined SASB metrics, Micron recognizes the importance of managing workforce recruitment, education, training, engagement, and turnover as elements of recruiting and managing a global and skilled workforce (elements also mentioned in the SASB semiconductor standard), as well as diversity, equality and inclusion in the workforce, and we report extensively on these in our sustainability report and elsewhere.

Our board considers ESG issues including climate change to be an integral part of its business oversight and our corporate strategy, and monitors the development and integration of this strategy, regularly reviewing performance.

ESG issues including climate change are overseen by a cross functional sustainability council made up of Micron senior leaders representing a range of functions.

Micron has also deployed an Environmental Sustainability operations team focused on managing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions among other environmental issues.

Micron has manufacturing and other operations in locations subject to natural occurrences and possible climate change, and we are subject to a variety of laws, regulations, or industry standards, including with respect to climate change, that may have a material adverse effect on our business.

Disclose the organization’s governance around climate related risks and opportunities.

Describe the board’s oversight of climate related risks and opportunities.

Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate related risks and opportunities.

Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy and financial planning.

Describe the climate related risks and opportunities the organization has identified over the short, medium, and long term.

Describe the impact of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

C. Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into consideration different climate related scenarios, including a 2 C or lower scenario.

We designed our ERM program to clearly identify risk management roles and responsibilities, bring together senior management to discuss risk, promote visibility and constructive dialogue, and facilitate risk response and mitigation strategies, including with regard to climate risks.

Micron monitors numerous metrics to measure progress towards achieving our environmental targets including reduction of emissions intensity, scope 1 2 emissions, overall energy consumption and renewable energy use.

Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses and manages climate related risks.

Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing climate related risks.

Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate related risks.

C. Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing climate related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall risk management.

Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material.

Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk management process.

Disclose scope 1, scope 2, and, if appropriate, scope 3 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, and the related risks.

C. Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

Data assumptions and calculations are consistent with the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and IPCC Guidelines for National Greenhouse Gas Inventories, 2006.

Change in percentage from regions with high baseline water stress between 2018 2019 is the result of updating to the WRI Aqueduct water risk atlas 3.0.

Micron manufacturing sites undergo RBA VAP audits approximately every two years.

Most recent audit for each site as of 12 31 21 is included.

FY21 data definitions were changed to better align to Micron’s global job structure.

Find the updated definitions in the 2021 Diversity, Equality Inclusion Report.

Recordable injury rateis based on calendar year periods.

Construction recordable rates not tracked separately until 2020.

Recordable injury rates are based on 200,000 hours worked.

Starting in 2020, contractors are included in the recordable injury rate calculations.

On the job training provides the knowledge, skills, and competencies required for employees to accomplish specific tasks within the workplace.

It represents a set of processes that happen within a specific organizational context and involve assimilating and acquiring integrated clusters of values, skills, knowledge, and feelings that lead to fundamental changes in behaviors of a worker or teams.

Management systems at all of Micron’s manufacturing sites cover employees and nonemployee workers.

Published in June 2022, this report covers the sustainability performance of Micron Technology, Inc., in fiscal year 2021 (Sept. 4, 2020, through Sept. 2, 2021), unless otherwise stated, and includes all of Micron’s controlled entities.

This 2022 Sustainability Report has been prepared in accordance with Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core option.

GRI is the most widely accepted global standard for sustainability reporting and allows companies to measure, evaluate and communicate corporate sustainability information in a consistent and comparable manner.

We are also reporting to the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Semiconductors Standard and provide an index aligned with the Task Force on Climate Related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework.

Accompanying this report is our 2022 Sustainability Progress Summary, which contains selected highlights from the past year and stories of how Micron and our team members have taken action to meet urgent global challenges, such as COVID 19, inequality and climate change.

This report contains forward looking statements regarding our sustainability plans, goals, and commitments and related matters.

These forward looking statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially.

Please refer to the documents we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, specifically our most recent Form 10 K and Form 10 Q.

These documents contain and identify important factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in these forward looking statements.

These certain factors can be found at micron.com certain factors.

Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements.

We are under no duty to update any of the forward looking statements after the date of this report to conform these statements to actual results.

We are an industry leader in innovative memory and storage solutions transforming how the world uses information to enrich life for all.

With a relentless focus on our customers, technology leadership, and manufacturing and operational excellence, Micron delivers a rich portfolio of high performance DRAM, NAND and NOR memory and storage products through our Micron and Crucial brands.

Every day, the innovations that our people create fuel the data economy, enabling advances in artificial intelligence and 5G applications that unleash opportunities from the data center to the intelligent edge and across the client and mobile user experience.

To learn more about Micron Technology, Inc. (Nasdaq: MU), visit micron.com.

Information, products, and or specifications are subject to change without notice.

Micron, the Micron logo, and all other Micron trademarks are the property of Micron Technology, Inc. All other trademarks are the property of their respective owners.