Sustainability Report
2022

All of the photographs featured throughout 
this report were taken by our associates, or 
feature Danaher associates in action. We 
are proud to share these incredible images 
from around the world, demonstrating what 
“sustainability” means to our team, and we 
hope you enjoy them as much as we do.

Cover photo:
Hot Air Balloons in Pamukkale, Turkey by Carla Dipasquale, Molecular Devices associate

04

18

26

42

49

71

From Our CEO

06

About This Report

72

Danaher at a Glance

Innovation

Team

Environment

Foundational  
Elements

Appendices

3

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFrom Our CEO

Rainer Blair

At Danaher, we view 
sustainability as a fundamental 
responsibility and a strategic 
priority that touches every 
aspect of our business. 

With this in mind, our sustainability strategy is to help 

of these three strategic pillars, and I’m pleased to share the 

generations of our stakeholders Realize Life’s Potential by

details with you in our 2022 Sustainability Report.

•  Innovating products that improve lives  

This year’s report conveys the depth and scope of our 

and our planet,

•  Building the best team, and

•  Protecting our environment.

commitment to sustainability and details a number of 

important milestones we have achieved over the past year, 

including the evolution of our sustainability strategy, the 

introduction of several new life-changing technologies, an 

Thanks to the driving force of the Danaher Business 

expanded commitment to diversity and inclusion (D+I), and 

System (DBS), we have made notable progress across each 

ambitious new greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets.

Innovating Products That 
Improve Lives and Our Planet
One of our Core Values, Innovation Defines Our Future, 

storage and transportation needs and ultimately their 

environmental footprint. These are just a few examples 

that illustrate the world-shaping impact of Danaher 

innovation—we’re proud to share many more in the 

drives us to boldly pursue new technologies and solutions 

pages that follow.

that make a meaningful difference around the globe. 

Research and development (R&D) are essential for 

addressing our customers’ most complex challenges, 

and in 2021 we hired approximately 4,000 new R&D 

associates and invested $1.7 billion in R&D—a nearly 

30% increase year-over-year—fueling breakthrough 

innovation across many scientific disciplines and end-

market applications. We are also building out our science 

& technology ecosystem across the organization to better 

anticipate and serve our customers’ complex, ever-

evolving needs. Over the past year we recruited several 

globally recognized physician scientists to serve as chief 

science and/or technology officers across Danaher. This 

platform-level network will leverage their deep customer, 

technical and market expertise to strategically guide R&D 

programs, collaborations and proprietary opportunities 

in pursuit of transformative scientific advancements and 

breakthrough customer solutions.     

Danaher’s Life Sciences companies joined the Bespoke 

Gene Therapy Consortium (BGTC) in May 2022 to 

help expedite the development of breakthrough gene 

therapies for rare disorders, and IDT’s award-winning 
rhAmpSeq™ CRISPR Analysis System speeds up the 

lifesaving genome editing research that powers the 

future of medicine. In Diagnostics, Leica Biosystems’ 
new BOND-PRIME Advanced Staining platform 

facilitates a fully automated and adaptable pathology 

lab workflow that delivers clear stains for definitive 

cancer diagnoses faster than ever before. And in 

Environmental & Applied Solutions, Esko’s Cape Pack 
package design software helps customers optimize 

the number of boxes per pallet and truckload, reducing 

Building the Best Team
At Danaher, our people are the lifeblood of our culture 

and our competitive advantage, as expressed in our 

Core Value The Best Team Wins. We know that the best 

team is a diverse and engaged one, and we are deeply 

committed to continued progress on our D+I journey. 

Earlier this year, we adopted the Danaher DEI Policy 

which details our commitment to diversity and inclusion 

at all levels of the organization. At Danaher we believe 

that “what is measured is what moves,” and we track 

a number of associate metrics and demographics to 

measure the effectiveness of our D+I program and 

progress toward our representation goals. In 2021, over 

40% of our nearly 20,000 global new hires were women 

and nearly 75% of our U.S. new hires were diverse 

(women and/or people of color), and we maintained pay 

equity across the board in the U.S. while expanding the 

scope of this analysis to include short-term incentive 

compensation as well as base pay.

We strive not only to increase the diverse representation 

of our team, but also to create an environment where 

associates have a strong sense of belonging and 

can achieve professional and personal fulfillment. 

The vibrancy of our inclusive culture is reflected in 

our growing roster of community-building Associate 

Resource Groups, whose membership more than tripled 

in 2021. Our annual Associate Engagement Survey also 

demonstrates our progress on this front, and in 2021 we 

delivered another strong result in the Survey’s Inclusion 

Index for the third year in a row.  

GRI: 102-14,  
UN: SDG 3, 13

4

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportUNITED NATIONS GLOBAL COMPACT 
STATEMENT OF CONTINUED SUPPORT BY OUR PRESIDENT AND CEO

“I am pleased to reaffirm Danaher’s support of 
the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact. 
We are committed to aligning our strategy, 
culture and operations with the initiative’s 
principles in the areas of human rights, labor, 
environment and anti-corruption. This 
report serves as our UN Global Compact 
Communication of Progress and we are proud to 
continue supporting this important endeavor.”

Rainer M. Blair 

President and Chief Executive Officer

Protecting Our Environment
As global stewards of the environment, we recognize an 

In Closing
Every day across Danaher, we work to positively 

increasingly urgent need to take swift action to address 

impact the world around us in meaningful ways. And 

climate change. To that end, we are announcing a new 

we feel a strong sense of responsibility to exceed the 

2032 goal to reduce our Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions 

expectations of our stakeholders across the many 

by 50.4% (on an absolute basis) compared to 2021 

facets of sustainability. Within this challenge we 

levels, which aligns to the prevailing climate science 

see tremendous opportunity to help our associates, 

goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius 

customers, and shareholders Realize Life’s Potential. 

above pre-industrial levels. Our new goal builds upon 

We know that when we bring together the scope and 

our more than 29% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG 

scale of our innovations, the passion and dedication of 

emissions (normalized to revenue) from 2019 to 2021, 

our teams, and our deeply ingrained commitment to 

which substantially exceeded our original five-year 

continuous improvement, the potential for long-term 

reduction target of 15%. We expect that our powerful 

positive impact is limitless.

suite of DBS tools and processes, including the DBS 

Energy Management Toolkit, will be key drivers of 

Thank you for your partnership as we build a 

future GHG reductions.

sustainable future together.

Our commitment to continuous improvement compels 

us to take meaningful actions that benefit the greater 

good, and DBS continues to be a uniquely powerful 

system for supporting our environmental ambitions. 

We are leveraging the power of DBS to develop and 

Rainer M. Blair

pilot a Water Stewardship Toolkit, which will help 

President and Chief Executive Officer

our facilities around the world identify, prioritize and 

implement measures to optimize water use. And we’re 

proud to support our customers in their sustainability 

endeavors—in the pages that follow, we share several 

examples of how our innovative technologies are also 

helping customers reduce their environmental impact.   

We are announcing a new 2032 target to reduce 

our Scope 1 & 2 GHG emissions by 50.4%

GRI: 102-12, 102-13

Sunrise at Badi Lake, India by Dhruval Patel, Leica Biosystems associate

5

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDanaher at a Glance

This section provides a brief introduction  
to Danaher—our history, how we work, 
and our businesses.

Clear and Quiet in Yantai, China by Li Qing, Leica Microsystems associate

2021 Highlights

Our Story

How We Work

Our Businesses

Sustainability at Danaher

7

8

9

10

14

6

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDANAHER AT A GLANCE

2021 Highlights
We advance meaningful innovation in some of today’s most dynamic, fast-growing industries. Our groundbreaking 

global businesses transform the fields of life sciences, diagnostics, water quality and product identification.

DANAHER 2021 REVENUE

80,000 20+

ASSOCIATES

OPERATING COMPANIES

LIFE SCIENCES

DIAGNOSTICS

$29.5 BILLION

$15.0 BILLION

ENVIRONMENTAL &  
APPLIED SOLUTIONS

  $9.8
$4.7

BILLION

BILLION

East Peak, Mount Tamalpais, California by Jesse Wang, Cepheid associate

GRI: 102-6, 102-7, 201-1
SASB: RT-EE-000.B

Danaher is a global science 
and technology innovator 
committed to helping customers 
solve complex challenges and 
improving quality of life  
around the world.

7

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
The root “Dana” is  
an ancient Celtic word 
meaning “swift flowing.”

DANAHER AT A GLANCE

Our Story 
Danaher takes its name from a tributary of the South Fork Flathead River in western 

Montana. In the early 1980s, this was the setting for the fishing trip where Steven and 

Mitchell Rales envisioned a new kind of manufacturing company—one dedicated to 

continuous improvement and customer satisfaction. The root “Dana” is an ancient Celtic 

word meaning “swift flowing,” an apt descriptor for the nimble mindset and rapid flow of 

innovation that have defined Danaher for decades.

Danaher was established in 1984 as a group of discrete, manufacturing businesses. It 

soon became one of the first companies in North America to adopt kaizen, the Japanese 

business philosophy of continuous improvement. The practice led to the development of 

the Danaher Business System (DBS) and continues to guide our culture, at the heart of 

Danaher’s five Core Values.

Starting in the mid-1990s, Danaher organized its businesses around strategic platforms 

with sustainable competitive advantages in sizeable global markets. Over the next decade 

Danaher established leadership positions in the sectors that define it today, beginning with 

water quality in 1998 and followed by product identification (2001), diagnostics (2004) and 

life sciences (2005).

Today, Danaher is a science and technology innovator committed to helping our customers 

solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world. A global family of 

more than 20 operating companies, our groundbreaking businesses transform the fields of 

life sciences, diagnostics, water quality and product identification by:

•  Helping scientists around the world work at a molecular level to understand chronic 

disease and infection, develop and produce new therapies, and test new drugs

•  Providing critical tools and software for clinicians to safeguard patient health, 

improve diagnostic confidence, and enhance patient care

•  Ensuring the freshness and safety of food, pharmaceuticals and consumer goods

•  Protecting our global water supply and promoting environmental stewardship

GRI: 102-2, 102-6, 102-7

Huka Falls, New Zealand by Mason Remington, Hach associate

8

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDANAHER AT A GLANCE

How We Work

Our Shared Purpose
Our Shared Purpose—Helping Realize Life’s Potential—is our inspiration for everything that we do. Our innovations 

solve complex customer problems, address emerging societal challenges, expand access to healthcare, and help 

ensure a cleaner, safer environment.

“We are a purpose-led, high performing team driven by the power of 
the Danaher Business System. With a strong foundation built on a 
commitment to integrity, compliance and sound governance, Danaher 
strives to Help Realize Life’s Potential for all our stakeholders.” 

Rainer M. Blair

President and Chief Executive Officer

Our Core Values
From supporting our customers and creating tomorrow’s breakthrough innovations to developing diverse teams 

and delivering long-term shareholder value, our Core Values guide us in our pursuit to make each day better than 

the last:

The Danaher Business System
The Danaher Business System (DBS) has been the foundation of our performance and culture since our 

company’s earliest days. The world—and our portfolio of businesses—has changed meaningfully since then, and we 

continuously evolve our DBS tools and processes to best serve all our stakeholders.

Inspired by our Core Values and guided by our Shared Purpose, DBS drives a continuous cycle of innovation 

and improvement. It helps us navigate our toughest challenges, deliver innovative products and solutions, grow 

our businesses and develop the very best teams. DBS is our competitively advantaged system of continuous 

improvement and the culture that makes it work. 

THE DANAHER BUSINESS SYSTEM

THE BEST 
TEAM WINS

P E O P LE

INNOVATION 
DEFINES 
OUR FUTURE

PL

A

N

DANAHER
KAIZEN IS OUR
WAY OF LIFE

QUALITY
DELIVERY
COST 
INNOVATION

S
S
E

C

O

R

P

CUSTOMERS
CUSTOMERS TALK,
WE LISTEN

PERFORM A N C E

WE COMPETE FOR 
SHAREHOLDERS

O U R   S H A R E D   P U R P O S E

HELPING REALIZE LIFE’S POTENTIAL

DBS is our competitively advantaged system of continuous 
improvement and the culture that makes it work. 

GRI: 102-16

9

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportOur Businesses

Agua e Luz at Iguazu Falls in Brazil by Paula Flowers, Pall associate

Our Businesses

Life Sciences

Making leading-edge 
scientific research 
possible.

DANAHER AT A GLANCE

Every day, scientists around the world are working to understand the causes of disease, develop new therapies and 

vaccines and test new drugs. Our Life Sciences businesses make this leading-edge scientific research possible. Our 

capabilities extend beyond research to power the creation of biopharmaceuticals, cell and gene therapies and other 

breakthrough treatments to advance patient health and improve treatment outcomes.

2021 REVENUE

$15.0 BILLION

● North America: 36%     ● Western Europe: 27%     ● High-Growth Markets: 31%     ● Other Developed Markets: 6%

LS
Diagnostics

EAS

GRI: 102-2, 102-6, 102-7, 201-1
UN: SDG 3, 8, 9

Pall associate Ana Rita Charneca at Pall’s Center of Excellence in Portsmouth, U.K.

11

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
DANAHER AT A GLANCE

Our Diagnostics businesses provide clinical instrumentation, consumables and software to help healthcare 

professionals safeguard patient health and improve diagnostic confidence wherever health care happens, from 

clinics and physicians’ offices to leading trauma, cancer and critical care centers. Our diagnostics solutions 

help inform treatment decisions for millions of patients every day while automating and streamlining laboratory 

workflows, so healthcare professionals can provide better patient care.

2021 REVENUE

$9.8 BILLION

● North America: 44%     ● Western Europe: 19%     ● High-Growth Markets: 32%     ● Other Developed Markets: 5%

LS
Diagnostics

EAS

Our Businesses

Diagnostics

Our diagnostics 
solutions help inform 
treatment decisions 
for millions of 
patients every day.

GRI: 102-2, 102-6, 102-7, 201-1
UN: SDG 3, 8, 9

Radiometer associate Maryann Adraincem

12

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportOur Businesses

Environmental &  
Applied Solutions

Fishing in a Stream in Beijing, China by Youdong Wang, Pall associate

From innovative consumer packaging to drinking water purification, our Environmental & Applied Solutions (EAS) 

businesses help protect precious resources and keep our global food and water supplies safe. EAS is comprised of 

two platforms: Water Quality and Product Identification.

WATER QUALITY

As the world’s population increases, so too does the demand for our most precious resource: water. Our Water 

Quality businesses help protect the global water supply and ensure environmental stewardship. We deliver 

precision instrumentation, advanced purification technology, software and treatment solutions to help analyze, 

disinfect and manage the world’s water across environmental, municipal, commercial and industrial applications.

PRODUCT IDENTIFICATION

Every day, we trust packaging to ensure freshness, consistency and authenticity of products around the world. 

Our Product Identification businesses provide color management, packaging design, and marking and coding 

technologies that help protect the world’s food supply, secure pharmaceutical packaging and track consumer 

goods, while our comprehensive digital tools and software solutions help customers bring more products  

to market faster.

Protecting  
the world’s  
most precious  
resources.

2021 REVENUE

$4.7 BILLION

LS
Diagnostics

EAS

● North America: 44%     ● Western Europe: 23%     ● High-Growth Markets: 30%     ● Other Developed Markets: 3%

GRI: 102-2, 102-6, 102-7, 201-1
UN: SDG 3, 6, 8, 9, 14

13

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportSustainability at Danaher

We drive sustainability 
improvements through 
people, process, 
technology and, above 
all, through DBS.

DANAHER AT A GLANCE

Sustainability Mission Statement

Our Sustainability Mission Statement articulates what sustainability means to 

Danaher and the important role it plays in our work:

What is sustainability?

For us, sustainability means a commitment to considering the long-term 

interests of our associates, customers, shareholders, business partners, 

communities and planet in everything we do.

Why do we practice it?

We are committed to helping generations of stakeholders Realize Life’s Potential. 

When we bring together our innovative portfolio, the dedication of our passionate 

people and our deeply ingrained commitment to continuous improvement, our 

potential to create a better world is limitless.

How do we achieve it?

We drive sustainability improvements through people, process, technology and, 

above all, through DBS.  

Where do we make an impact?

We drive and sustain improvements throughout our areas of sustainability 

impact, including with our customers (through our products, services and 

solutions) and in our commercial organization, supply chain, operations, 

workplace, communities and environment. 

GRI: 102-15, 102-29

Bald Eagle Taking Flight in Homer, Alaska  
by Stephen Podolski, Pall associate

14

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDANAHER AT A GLANCE

Our Sustainability Strategy

Sustainability Prioritization 
Assessment
Our sustainability strategy is informed by and 

grounded in the feedback we continually solicit from 

We prioritized each topic based on the intersection of relative 

stakeholder importance, and value-at-stake for Danaher, 

our stakeholders, including our regular sustainability 

yielding the following priority topics:

prioritization assessments. We are committed to 

periodically refreshing our prioritization assessment and 

in 2022, with the assistance of a third-party consulting 

firm, we completed an updated assessment of the 

priority sustainability topics for our business. Using the 

topics covered by the Value Reporting Foundation’s 

materiality map as our starting point, we ranked 

each topic according to its relative importance to our 

stakeholders based on the following:

•  Surveys of approximately 300 Danaher associates 

across all of our major businesses and geographies

•  Approximately 125 interviews and surveys with 

internal and external stakeholders including 

investors, customers, regulators and third-party 

rating firms

•  Extensive benchmarking of the sustainability 

strategies and programs of our peer companies

•  Insights from a social-listening tool that uses 

artificial intelligence to monitor and analyze data 

across traditional and social media to identify the 

sustainability topics with greatest impact to Danaher

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S
r
e
h
a
n
a
D
o
t
e
c
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I
e
v
i
t
a
l
e
R

H
G
H

I

PRIORITY 
TOPICS

Innovation

Team

Environment

OTHER 
TOPICS

W
O
L

LOW

Value-at-Stake for Danaher

HIGH

For us, sustainability means  
a commitment to considering 
the long-term interests of 
our associates, customers, 
shareholders, business partners, 
communities and our planet  
in everything we do.

GRI: 102-15, 102-21, 102-29, 102-40, 
102-42, 102-43, 102-46, 102-47

Bosco Verticale in Milan, Italy by Alice Oppizzi, SCIEX associate

15

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
 
 
DANAHER AT A GLANCE

Our Sustainability Strategy and Pillars
Informed by these priority topics, in 2022 we updated our sustainability strategy and pillars, which 

align with our Shared Purpose and Core Values as well as key UN Sustainable Development Goals 

(UN SDGs) under the United Nations 2030 Agenda for Sustainable Development:

Our Strategy

Our Shared Purpose and Core Values

Supporting UN SDGs

Sustainability Oversight
At the Board level, Danaher’s Nominating and Governance Committee oversees our sustainability 

Danaher’s Sustainability Committee develops and oversees the execution of our sustainability strategy. 

program as set forth in the committee’s charter. Each of the Board of Directors and the Board’s 

The committee is comprised of representatives from each of our business platforms, and the corporate 

Nominating and Governance Committee reviews our sustainability program at least annually.

human resources (HR), environment, health and safety, D+I, DBS, procurement, investor relations, finance 

At the management level, Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel, who reports directly  

to our President and CEO, oversees our sustainability program and the Danaher Sustainability 

Committee, and is responsible for reviewing and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports. 

and legal functions.

GRI: 102-15, 102-18, 102-19, 102-20, 102-21, 102-29, 
102-32, 102-44, 102-46, 102-47
TCFD: Governance

16

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDANAHER AT A GLANCE

Stakeholder  
Engagement Program
Our Sustainability Mission Statement states: “For us, 

Utilizing stakeholder engagement feedback:  
Our stakeholder engagement efforts produce 

valuable information and insights that we share 

with the Danaher Sustainability Committee and the 

sustainability means a commitment to considering 

Nominating and Governance Committee of Danaher’s 

the long-term interests of our associates, customers, 

Board of Directors, to help identify potential risks 

shareholders, business partners, communities and our 

and opportunities and inform business decisions. We 

planet in everything we do.” 

provide updates relating to stakeholder engagement, 

where relevant, in our annual proxy statement and our 

Stakeholder engagement, which refers to how we 

annual sustainability report.

interact with those who influence and are influenced 

by our business activities, helps us understand our 

stakeholders’ long-term interests and understand 

how our activities impact individuals, communities 

Ongoing engagement with industry groups  
and associations: As part of our inclusive approach,
Danaher participates in industry groups and 

and the planet. Danaher is committed to engaging 

associations that help drive sustainability practices

with a variety of stakeholders to understand their 

within our company and across our industries. We 

expectations of Danaher and how our activities affect 

identify a number of those industry groups and 

them—including with respect to environmental issues.

associations throughout this report.

Our comprehensive stakeholder engagement 

program is inspired by the principles of continuous 

Incorporating feedback to improve our reporting:  
To help ensure our sustainability disclosures meet 

improvement and includes the following activities:

stakeholder needs, we also periodically engage with 

external consultants and sustainability reporting 

Engaging with a broad range of stakeholder groups: 

specialists and solicit suggestions for improvements. 

In a global business such as Danaher’s, with sales, 

At the start of each reporting cycle, we review feedback 

operations and customers in dozens of countries, 

from our stakeholders and these advisors and adjust 

our impact is broad. We therefore engage with a 

our disclosure where appropriate.

range of different stakeholders through our periodic 

prioritization assessments and in other contexts. For 

example, during 2021, in addition to our traditional 

investor relations outreach efforts, we directly 

engaged with shareholders representing over 25% 

of our outstanding common shares on a range of 

sustainability topics. Our investor relations efforts have 

been recognized with numerous awards over the years, 

including those noted to the right.

Investor Relations at Danaher

RECENT RECOGNITION FOR DANAHER’S INVESTOR RELATIONS TEAM

IR MAGAZINE AWARDS

INSTITUTIONAL INVESTOR AWARDS

•  Best Corporate Governance (U.S.): 2014, 2015, 2018, 2021

•  Best Investor Relations Program in Healthcare (U.S.): 

Life Science & Diagnostic Tools and Medical  
Supplies & Devices Sector*

2016, 2017, 2018, 2019, 2022

• Best Investor Relations Program: 2020, 2022

•  Best Investor Relations Program in Healthcare (Global): 

• Best CEO: 2020, 2022

2018, 2019

•  Best Overall Investor Relations Program (U.S.): 2018

•  Best Investor Relations Officer (U.S.): 2021, 2022

• Best CFO: 2017, 2020, 2022

• Best Investor Relations Professional: 2017, 2020, 2022

• Best Investor Relations Team: 2020, 2022

• Best in Corporate Governance: 2020

• Best Crisis Management (COVID-19): 2022

• Best ESG/SRI Metrics: 2020, 2022

• Best Analyst Days: 2020, 2022

*  Prior to 2018 Danaher was classified in the Electrical  

Equipment & Multi-Industry sector

GRI: 102-21, 102-29, 102-40, 102-42, 102-43

17

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportInnovating Products That  
Improve Lives and Our Planet

Star Trails Above Lassen Peak, California by Yvonne Chan, Cepheid associate

Innovation Defines Our Future

Life Sciences 

19

20

Diagnostics

Environmental & Applied Solutions

22

24

18

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportThe Innovation Engine is a 
holistic program encompassing 
tools that facilitate innovation, 
process, strategy, organization, 
talent and culture.

Innovation Defines Our Future
One of Danaher’s Core Values is Innovation Defines 

Our Future. Our leading-edge products and solutions 

give true meaning to our Shared Purpose—Helping 

Realize Life’s Potential—by enhancing quality of life 

today and setting the foundation for a better world for 

future generations.

At Danaher, innovation doesn’t happen by accident. 

It is the product of the DBS Innovation Engine, part 

of a larger suite of integrated, function-specific DBS 

management programs and tools. The Innovation 

Engine is a rigorous, holistic management program 

encompassing tools that facilitate innovation, process, 

strategy, organization, talent and culture. 

A Danaher Executive Vice President is the executive 

sponsor with management-level responsibility for  

the Innovation Engine, which includes the following 

key elements: 

•  A strategic framework for innovation and a process 
to identify and quantify how innovation will support 

Danaher’s strategic and financial goals

INNOVATION

•  A continuous improvement methodology to assess 
how effectively each Innovation Engine component 

is applied and measure the overall effect on growth

Danaher’s IP strategy and management program, 

which we refer to as our IP Vision, is a critical enabler 

of the DBS Innovation Engine. Our IP Vision focuses 

on people, process and culture and includes the 

following key elements:

•  A common IP language and framework, strategy 
and business maturity model across Danaher 

•  A methodology for ensuring that a business’s IP 
organization aligns with its strategic objectives

•  An educational program designed to drive IP 

fluency within relevant functions across Danaher

•  A single technology platform that stores and 

categorizes IP assets across Danaher

•  A unique metric that combines IP, market and 

financial characteristics to measure the quality of 

a business’s competitive positioning and identify 

•  An innovation model for categorizing innovation 

risks and opportunities

types and identifying the market dynamics, 

leadership style and intellectual property (IP) 

attributes that best fit each one, and used by 

our operating companies to identify high-value 

innovation in the context of their particular 

businesses and served markets

•  Tools that prioritize the identification of high-value 

customer problems and support the development of 

products, services and technologies to solve them

In the following sections, we illustrate the impact of 

the DBS Innovation Engine and our IP Vision through 

key strategic themes in each of our business segments 

and examples of the breakthrough innovations driving 

those strategies. These examples are representative of 

the broader positive impact that Danaher’s innovation 

has on quality of life around the world. The rigorous 

process that underlies innovation at Danaher gives us 

confidence that the best is yet to come.

GRI: 102-16, 102-20, 203-1, 203-2
UN: SDG 3, 9

Bee Gathering Pollen in Oxford Meadows, U.K. by Kay Savage, Leica Biosystems associate

19

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportINNOVATION

Life Sciences 

Our understanding of and ability to harness biology is accelerating. We are applying science and technology at 

scale to discover, develop and deliver new biologic drugs, therapies, vaccines and tests more rapidly and more 

efficiently—changing healthcare as we know it. And we are applying learnings from centuries of innovation and 

the transformative methods of industrialization to speed up and scale up the production of high-quality biological 

products to improve the lives of billions of people.

Today, our Life Sciences operating companies are engineering continuous biologic production processes, 

automating workflows at the lab bench, and creating “smart” plasmid DNA factories. We are deploying modern 

tools of digitization, automation, and connectivity against the task of industrializing biology. The following 

examples highlight how our businesses’ innovative technologies are accelerating this scientific revolution and 

redefining “industrialization.”

Scaling Quality to  
Support Every Level of  
Drug Development
The scientific community requires biological ingredients 

like plasmids, mRNA, and proteins in different amounts 

and different quality grades depending on the stage of 

drug development. Aldevron provides scientists with these 
inputs at the precise quality level required for each stage, 

enabling scientists to more easily transfer technology from 

the bench (research grade) to preparing for production 
scale up and early phase clinical trials (GMP-Source® grade) 

to commercial production scale (clinical grade), with no 

need to change materials suppliers. This consistency can 

help improve confidence that bench-scale experimental 

results can be translated to clinical production.

“More Science Than Art”
Lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) enable the delivery of 

some of the most advanced DNA-based therapies—

including mRNA vaccines—and creating them used to 

be a complicated, time-consuming, and labor-intensive 

process that resembled art more than science. The 

chemistry was challenging and required years of training 

and practice, as well as improvisation. Consequently, 

batches of LNPs were inconsistent, making it difficult 

to produce material suitable for human therapeutic 

applications. Precision Nanosystems’ revolutionary 
kit uses scalable microfluidic mixing technologies and 

unique lipid delivery reagents to produce significantly 

more stable, reproducible, consistent LNP formulations. 

The standardization facilitates reproduction of reliable 

results during drug discovery and accelerates process 

development and scale up for clinical application.

GRI: 203-1, 203-2
SASB: HC-BP-210a.1
UN: SDG 3, 8, 9

IDT’s rhAmpSeq CRISPR Analysis System 

Supporting the Future of  
Gene Editing Research
The future of medicine is in gene editing, but doing so 

Scaling Up Synthetic  
Biology with Automation
Engineering proteins, synthesizing DNA and cloning 

correctly can sometimes produce additional, unintended 

molecules require several manual steps that are done at 

changes to the genome called “off-target effects.” 
Integrated DNA Technologies’ (IDT) award-winning 
rhAmpSeq™ CRISPR Analysis System accelerates genome 

a micro level—creating opportunities for inconsistency 

and error. Molecular Devices is automating iterative tasks 
in synthetic biology with the QPix®, a specialized robot 

editing research and provides a mechanism to assess 

that selects and isolates colonies of pure, single-strain 

on- and off-target editing. Its user-friendly interface 

microbes to mass produce them. Unlike error-prone 

allows scientists to create workflows that can support 

colony picking done by hand, QPix users can objectively 

CRISPR gene editing project completion in less than a 

select high-performing colonies and generate consistent 

week, and without specialized hardware or bioinformatics 

and traceable data for large numbers of samples in a 

knowledge—making this critical analysis faster and more 

fraction of the time a manual effort would take. 

accessible to more scientists.

20

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportINNOVATION

Beckman Coulter Life Sciences’ CytoFLEX SRT Benchtop Cell Sorter

Leica Microsystems’ Imaging Microhub, Mica 

Powering High-Tech  
Cell Sorting  
Cell sorting is an important laboratory process that 

separates cell types in a sample based on physical 

Bringing New Treatments  
to Market Faster
IDBS recently acquired Skyland Analytics, adding 
Skyland’s PIMS manufacturing data management 

Accelerating  
Microscopy Workflows
Leica Microsystems recently launched the world’s 
first Microhub, Mica—an integrated digital imaging 

or biological properties. Cell sorters are used for a 

software capabilities to its BioPharma Lifecycle 

platform that enables scientists to focus more on their 

wide range of sample analyses and users often have 

Management (BPLM) platform. Scientists use the 

research and spend less time on their microscopy 

minimal training, so the sorter must be versatile and 

BPLM platform to efficiently integrate process data 

setup and workflow. Mica unifies technologies and 

easy to use. With that in mind, Beckman Coulter Life 
Sciences launched the award-winning CytoFLEX 
SRT Benchtop Cell Sorter which automates setup and 

and knowledge generated from early development 

processes across the imaging workflow in one easy-

through commercial manufacturing. The combination 

to-use, automated system—helping scientists move 

of PIMS with the BPLM platform creates the first end-

faster from sample to discovery. Mica eliminates over 

simplifies operation while supporting a wide range of 

to-end data management solution covering the entire 

60% of process steps, requires half the training time to 

cell sorting needs depending on the scope of research 

biopharmaceutical therapy development process—

operate, and produces the first image over 30% faster 

and size of the lab. This innovative technology enables 

advancing IDBS’ mission to reduce the time, cost, and 

than conventional microscopy workflows.

scientists to focus on their research and spend less 

risk of bringing new therapies to market.

time on instrument setup and operation.

Our businesses’  
innovative technologies  
are accelerating this 
scientific revolution 
and redefining 
“industrialization.”

GRI: 203-1, 203-2
UN: SDG 3, 8, 9

An Aldevron cGMP fermentation suite in Fargo, North Dakota

21

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportINNOVATION

Diagnostics

Our Diagnostics businesses provide a broad range of leading solutions that help healthcare systems and 

clinicians meet the needs of acutely and chronically ill patients. Our goal is to become the global leader in 

connected diagnostics—transforming insights into answers and delivering high quality and accurate diagnostic 

confidence for a spectrum of critical health conditions. Faster and more accurate diagnoses improve patient 

outcomes through earlier interventions and shortened hospital stays, while also driving efficiencies and 

conserving precious healthcare resources. The following examples highlight some of our most impactful 

diagnostic technologies and solutions.

Beckman Coulter Diagnostics associate Charmaine Radway

Driving Efficiencies in  
Cardiac Testing
Each year, nearly 20 million patients in North America and 

Europe show up to emergency departments with symptoms 

suggestive of acute coronary syndrome (ACS)—but only 

10% end up being diagnosed with a myocardial injury. 

The other 18 million patients often receive extensive and 

unnecessary cardiac workups at a cost of over $4 billion 

annually. Beckman Coulter Diagnostics is addressing this 
health care inefficiency with its High Sensitivity Troponin 

I assay (Access hsTnI) and AMI Clinical Decision Support 

software solution, which quickly and accurately identifies 

patients with ACS or otherwise at risk for a major adverse 

cardiovascular event. Beckman’s solution supports faster 

intervention for patients with suspected ACS, and more 

effectively rules out low risk patients, reducing unnecessary 

testing and shortening aggregate emergency department 

wait-times by up to 36 million hours each year. 

Setting the Standard for 
Molecular Diagnostics 
Innovation
Since 2019 Cepheid has doubled its installed base of 
molecular diagnostic testing systems and today there are 

more than 40,000 Cepheid GeneXpert and Infinity systems 

in over 180 countries. With a menu of over 35 tests spanning 
many disease states, Cepheid’s Lab in a Cartridge™ 

technology provides simplified, on-demand access to 

lab-quality results everywhere—from major city hospitals 

to local clinics and remote villages. Cepheid’s strong track 

record of innovation has focused on bringing more of this 

life-changing molecular testing closer to patients to drive 

better outcomes and standards of care. The team continued 

this important work with the recent global launch of several 

new women’s health and respiratory tests, including the 

Xpert Xpress CoV-2/Flu/RSV plus which returns results in 

as little as 25 minutes.

Advancing Cancer Diagnostics 
and Improving Lives
Each year nearly 20 million people around the world receive 

Improving Acute  
Care Diagnostics
Every day, half a million blood samples are analyzed 

a devastating cancer diagnosis, a complex process that 

involves multiple health specialties including lab and 

around the world using Radiometer’s testing solutions. 
Radiometer’s technology provides health care 

pathology professionals, often requiring several weeks for 

professionals with the real-time, critical information they 

a definitive diagnosis. This delay is extremely stressful for 

need in acute care diagnostics. The ABL90 FLEX PLUS 

patients, and clinicians typically cannot start treatment 

blood gas analyzer delivers blood gas results across 19 

without an accurate diagnosis. Leica Biosystems is 
focused on developing novel technologies that accelerate 

parameters, including oxygen and carbon dioxide levels 

and kidney function, in just 35 seconds. These results 

and connect the disparate elements of the cancer 

enable clinicians to accurately diagnose patients and 

diagnostics workflow to produce high-quality patient 

move to effective, life-saving treatments faster. 

results within 24 hours (“Vision24”). Leica Biosystem’s new 

fully automated advanced staining platform, BOND-PRIME, 

facilitates an adaptable pathology lab workflow and delivers 

the crisp, clear stains needed for definitive diagnosis in just 

90 minutes on average.

GRI: 203-1, 203-2
UN: SDG 3, 8, 9

22

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportINNOVATION

world’s most TB-challenged geographies, Cepheid’s 

Global Access program has placed thousands of 

GeneXpert systems and delivered millions of Xpert 

test cartridges to communities in need. Cepheid 

continues to enhance this program with life-saving 

innovations that deliver greater access to molecular 

diagnostic testing everywhere. 

Transforming the Future of 
Breast Cancer Diagnostics
Breast biopsy site markers are placed to identify 

the area where breast tissue was removed, to guide 

follow-up imaging and procedures. Most site markers 

are exceedingly difficult to locate with confidence—

akin to “finding a needle in a haystack.” To address 

this problem, Mammotome developed HydroMARK, 
a premium category of breast tissue markers that 

enable clinicians to visualize the marker more easily 

under MRIs, ultrasound and x-ray imaging. Over 

two million patients have had a HydroMARK tissue 

marker implanted at biopsy, providing faster and more 

comfortable follow-up imaging and treatment.

Improving Access  
to Healthcare in  
Developing Markets
Anemia is a global health problem affecting over 

40% of all preschool-aged children and 40% of 

pregnant women worldwide. HemoCue is dedicated 
to addressing this health priority with its lab-accurate 

hemoglobin point-of-care testing. The ability to detect 

anemia on the spot enables clinicians to provide 

immediate corrective treatment to improve the health 

of young children, mothers and babies. Despite the 

impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, in 2021 HemoCue 

placed more than 8,000 hemoglobin testing systems 

and shipped more than 23 million tests across at-risk 

communities in Africa, India and Latin America.

With its powerful GeneXpert system, Cepheid can 
respond to new health care needs and threats as they 

arise. As under-treated and under-diagnosed diseases 

such as tuberculosis (TB), HIV, and Ebola resurge 

globally, the GeneXpert enables clinicians to run the 

exact test needed at the right time. Today 30% of the 

approximately 10 million active TB cases globally go 

undiagnosed, and 1.5 million people lose their lives to 

TB each year. As the global community grapples with 

the worldwide re-emergence of TB and increasing 

number of drug-resistant strains, the need for fast 

and accurate TB diagnosis with the detection of drug 

resistance is greater than ever. Cepheid’s Xpert MTB/

RIF and Xpert MTB/RIF Ultra tests have revolutionized 

the management of TB infections by providing a faster 

and more accurate diagnosis that detects both TB and 

resistance to the commonly used antibiotic rifampicin. 

Following the World Health Organization’s (WHO) 

endorsement in 2010 and through partnerships in the 

GRI: 102-6, 203-1, 203-2
SASB: HC-BP-240a.1
UN: SDG 3, 8, 9

A mother and her child awaiting anemia testing 
with HemoCue’s point-of-care hemoglobin system

23

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportINNOVATION

Environmental &  
Applied Solutions

From drinking water purification to innovative consumer packaging and marking, Danaher’s Environmental & 

Applied Solutions businesses protect precious resources and help keep our global food and water supply safe. 

Our Water Quality businesses deliver precision instrumentation and advanced purification technology to help 

analyze, treat and manage the world’s water, from municipal and wastewater to lakes, streams and oceans. And 

our Product Identification businesses touch consumer, industrial and pharmaceutical products throughout the 

supply chain to help ensure freshness, consistency, safety, and accurate labeling and tracking. The following 

examples demonstrate how our innovative solutions are used to protect the world’s most precious resources.

Marking and Coding to 
Ensure Safety
Our broad portfolio of marking, coding and printing 

solutions across Videojet, Laetus and FOBA print on 
over 10 billion products daily around the world, helping 

customers ensure product quality, integrity, and 

regulatory compliance. 

9 out of 10 packaged goods worldwide are touched by 

Danaher’s Product Identification businesses.

The world’s leading providers of pharmaceuticals and 

early-life nutrition use Videojet and Laetus technology 
to uniquely mark and track individual packages of 

medications and baby food and formula, helping 

ensure authenticity and protection against counterfeits 

of these highly sensitive products. Approximately two-

thirds of the global baby food supply is supported by 

Videojet and Laetus products.

9  10OUT OF

PACKAGED GOODS
worldwide are touched 
by Danaher’s Product 
Identification businesses

Inspiring Change with Color
For World Water Day, Pantone teamed up with charity: 
water on a water crisis campaign to raise awareness about 

the global lack of access to clean and safe drinking water. 

The campaign boldly stated, “The world is full of stunning 

colors, but they’re only beautiful if you don’t have to drink 

them” and shows the murky colored water that over 750 

million people are forced to drink every day—using color 

to increase awareness of an important global issue.

Promoting Inclusion  
Through Color
In 2021, Pantone expanded the Skintone Guide, a 
comprehensive visual reference of human skin tones 

that can be used for a variety of applications including 

cosmetics and prosthetics, to accurately depict and 

celebrate diverse skin tones of the world. Pantone 

developed the SkinTone Guide by scientifically measuring 

thousands of actual skin tones across the full spectrum of 

human skin types.

Managing the  
World’s Water Data
Aquatic Informatics’ real-time data management and 
analytics platform, Aquarius, enables water operators to 

make better decisions at any time and from any location. 

Since 2005, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has relied 

on Aquarius to efficiently manage water data from more 

than 22,000 stream gauging, groundwater, water quality 

and precipitation sites. By leveraging the platform’s 

more than 58 billion historical data points and robust 

analytical capabilities, the USGS has increased data 

consistency, comparability and reliability to help agencies 

and scientists around the world reduce operating 

expenditures, protect infrastructure investments and 

preserve the health of ecosystems and communities.

GRI: 203-1, 203-2, 303-1
UN: SDG 3, 6, 8, 9, 12, 13, 14

24

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportInnovation

INNOVATION

Simplifying Wastewater  
Detection of COVID-19 
The Water Environment Federation (WEF), in collaboration with the U.S. Centers for 

Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), named Cepheid and Hach’s collaboration as the 
PCR category winner of the 2022 Rapid Wastewater SARS-CoV-2 Testing Challenge. The 

challenge sought to identify simple, point-of-use, analytical methods for quantifying 

SARS-CoV-2 in wastewater within hours of sample collection, even in remote locations 

without easy access to off-site laboratories. 

Cepheid and Hach’s solution uses the Cepheid GeneXpert technology to fully automate 

the extraction and measurement of SARS-CoV-2 in wastewater in a self-contained 

cartridge. Each analysis only takes 2 minutes of hands-on time, and no lab experience is 

necessary to perform the test.   

Addressing Pressing Public Health  
and Infrastructure Needs
The world’s supply of clean water is under substantial stress due to industrialization, 

increasing demand, and rising biological and chemical contamination. Trojan’s products 
and services play a vital role in improving the efficiency and sustainability of the water 

treatment process. Today, over 150,000 Trojan ultraviolet (UV) treatment systems are 

installed in industrial applications worldwide and over 11,000 systems are installed in 

municipalities. Collectively, Trojan’s systems treat over 70 billion gallons of drinking water 

and wastewater every day.

BILLION
Trojan’s systems treat over
gallons of drinking water and wastewater every day

70

GRI: 203-1, 203-2, 303-1
UN: SDG 3, 6, 8, 9, 12, 14

Beside the Lake, Eibsee in Grainau, Germany by Nilesh Kothale, Pall associate

25

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportBuilding the  
Best Team

Fly Me to the Moon, Loveland Colorado by Kevin Le Fevre, Hach associate 

The Best Team Wins

Talent Recruitment 

Associate Engagement

Diversity + Inclusion

27

28

30

31

Learning & Development

Motivating and Rewarding Performance

In Our Communities

Human Rights

35

36

37

40

26

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportA key element of Danaher’s strategy is 
to provide innovative solutions that 
solve our customers’ most complex 
challenges, and our people are our  
most important strategic resource. 

The Best Team Wins
Our people are our most important strategic resource 

in the pursuit of innovative solutions to solve our 

customers’ most complex challenges. We know that 

diverse and inclusive teams create real innovation 

breakthroughs because they provide room for 

big ideas and encourage all voices to be heard, 

which leads to better solutions and outcomes that 

effectively serve our global customer base.

We strive to not only increase the diversity 

representation of our team, but also to create 

an environment where associates can bring 

their authentic selves to work, have a strong 

sense of belonging, and realize their personal 

and professional potential to the fullest. We are 

committed to reflecting these objectives in our 

actions, our values and the language we use every 

day in interactions with our associates, customers, 

and communities around the world. Driven by our 

culture of continuous improvement, we are creating 

a richly diverse company where good ideas thrive 

and there are many pathways to success.

Our strategy for building the best team addresses 

culture, recruitment, development, engagement, 

retention and diversity and inclusion. For more detail 

on our People strategy, please see pages 9-11 of our 

Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending 

December 31, 2021. 

For each of the topical areas highlighted in this 

section, Danaher’s Senior Vice President of Human 

Resources is the executive with management-level 

responsibility and reports to the full Board on these 

topics at least annually.

TEAM

OUR
TEAM

AGE GROUP

• 1% 
• 17% 
• 32%  
• 25% 
•  19%  
• 4% 
• 2% 

18–20 years

19–30

31–40

41–50

51–60

61–64

65 and over

80,000 ASSOCIATES
WHO SPEAK MORE THAN
20 LANGUAGES
LOCATED IN 67 COUNTRIES
WITH AN AVERAGE TENURE  
OF 7 YEARS OF SERVICE

GRI: 102-7, 102-8, 102-20
SASB: RT-EE-000.B

Quiet Life of Boats in Cadiz, Spain by Patrycja Pięta, Cepheid associate

27

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Talent Recruitment

Attracting high-performing, diverse talent is a key strategic priority for all our businesses globally. In 2021 alone, we 

hired nearly 20,000 new associates. 43% of our global new hires in 2021 were women and 74% of U.S. new hires were 

diverse (women and/or people of color). We have invested in comprehensive talent acquisition capabilities across 

all levels of recruitment including robust branding, labor market analytics, advanced sourcing, leading technology 

and streamlined processes. Our employer brand campaign, Wonder What’s Within, invites potential candidates to 

learn more about Danaher and its operating companies through real associate stories, sharing what it’s like to work 

within our organization and what it takes to succeed here.

2021 EXTERNAL  
NEW HIRES  
BY REGION

North America

Western Europe

High Growth Markets

Other Developed Markets 

Total

10,200

3,800 

5,400 

400 

19,800

2021 DIVERSE TALENT HIRING

43%
74%

OF GLOBAL NEW 
HIRES WERE WOMEN

OF U.S. NEW HIRES 
WERE DIVERSE

2021 HIRING FOR GROWTH

20%
15%

OF NEW HIRES WERE 
R&D ASSOCIATES

OF NEW HIRES WERE SALES  
& MARKETING ASSOCIATES

WONDER WHAT’S WITHIN

“One of the things I really like about HemoCue is that I’m 
not the only person thinking about my career growth—
everyone is! It feels like my development is important to 
the company as a whole, and people are always looking out 
for what my next step might be.”

Angelina Arulraj

HemoCue

“If you show you’re willing to work and you’re willing 
to learn, Pall will keep helping you develop. If the right 
person gets in and shows interest in a subject—be it people 
management or fixing machines—the team at Pall will train 
you as soon as you get in the door.”

Ben Datson

Pall

GRI: 102-8, 401-1
UN: SDG 5, 10

28

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Biotechnology Group Executive Emmanuel Ligner with Cytiva associates at our  
Fast Trak center in Incheon, South Korea

University Recruitment
Another key element of our talent recruitment strategy focuses on partnering 

with universities and organizations across the globe to offer internships and 

leadership development programs in science, technology, engineering and 

math (STEM), operations, general management and human resources. Some 

of our Danaher internship partners include Penn State University, University 

of Florida, University of Virginia and Darden School of Business, Dartmouth 

and Tuck Business School, University of Illinois and University of California 

Irvine. Many of our operating companies also have their own work-study 

programs and often partner with educational institutions to cultivate a 

passion for STEM disciplines.  

Diverse Talent Attraction
An important component of our overall talent acquisition strategy is our focus 

on attracting underrepresented talent. A key element of this program involves 

establishing and fostering partnerships with diverse professional organizations, 

some of which are represented to the left. 

Another important element of our attraction efforts is the work carried out by 

our D+I talent acquisition subject matter experts. This cross-platform team 

informs, educates, trains and supports the talent acquisition community and 

critical stakeholders in their diversity sourcing, screening, interviewing and 

hiring efforts. They also encourage and inspire our leaders and associates to 

become active talent scouts and ambassadors in the external marketplace.

“I joined Danaher 
for the culture, the 
team and the growth 
opportunities. I stay 
because I can bring 
my whole self to work, 
and I genuinely feel 
that my company and 
team cares about me.”

Emily Egelhoff joined Danaher less than a year 
ago as a university and MBA recruiter

GRI: 401-1
UN: SDG 5, 10

29

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Associate Engagement

78%

7.0%

8.0%

74%

Our Associates’ Voices Matter
73%
Associate engagement is a foundational priority for Danaher. Effective engagement drives higher 

75%
ANNUAL 
GOAL

4.8%

5%
ANNUAL 
GOAL

performance at every level of the organization and helps us develop the best people leaders and 
2018
foster the best workplace for our associates. We assess the effectiveness of our efforts primarily 

2020

2020

2019

2019

2021

through our annual Associate Engagement Survey and our voluntary turnover rate. Our 2021 

engagement score was 78%, with 92% of our associates globally taking part in the 2021 Engagement 

Survey. Our people leaders’ direct supervisor effectiveness score of 83% represents a 1-point  

+7pts

-1pts

+4pts

+3pts

+5pts

+1pt

+4pts

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

2021

ANNUAL ENGAGEMENT INDEX IMPROVEMENT

Support Throughout the 
COVID-19 Pandemic
Since the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, we have 

included questions in our annual Associate Engagement Survey 

to gauge how our associates feel about Danaher’s efforts 

to support them during the pandemic. In 2021, 87% of our 

associates said that they believe that “associate wellbeing and 

safety is the priority of my operating company at this phase of 

the COVID-19 pandemic,” and 91% of our associates said that 

they “feel supported by their direct supervisor in adapting to 
-1pts

changes due to the COVID-19 pandemic.”

+7pts

increase over 2020.

78%

7.0%

8.0%

Wellness
The COVID-19 pandemic reinforced our focus on associates’ wellbeing, and throughout 2021 we 

73%

74%

continued to expand the scope and range of Danaher’s health and wellness benefits to provide 

75%
ANNUAL 
GOAL

4.8%

5%
ANNUAL 
GOAL

strong financial and wellbeing support for our associates.

2018

STRENGTHENING FINANCIAL WELLBEING

2019

2020

2019

2020

2021

ANNUAL VOLUNTARY TURNOVER

In partnership with Fidelity, we launched a global financial wellbeing microsite aimed at providing high-

level, culturally-relevant financial wellbeing educational information to all Danaher associates outside 

of the U.S. 

REDUCING STIGMA AROUND MENTAL HEALTH

In recognition of World Mental Health Day, we held our second annual Global Anti-Stigma Campaign, 

featuring training facilitated by Danaher leaders and third-party experts. We developed guidance for 

managers to lead conversations about emotional wellbeing, as well as videos to share with associates 

showing that mental health impacts everyone. 

NEW VIRTUAL HEALTHCARE OPTIONS 

Family-Friendly Benefits  
and Parental Leave
Danaher’s paid parental leave policy offers new parents in the 

U.S. and U.S. expatriates eight weeks of 100% paid leave within 

the first year of a child’s birth, adoption or foster care placement. 

In 2021, we updated our adoption policy to include surrogacy 

reimbursement support up to $10,000—the same amount 

provided for adoptions. In 2020, Danaher added Maven Clinic 

In the U.S. we launched SWORD, a virtual physical therapy solution designed to help overcome back, 

to its list of family-friendly benefits for associates in the U.S., 

joint or muscle pain from home. We also launched 2nd.MD in the U.S., a virtual medical expert second 

Canada and Puerto Rico. Maven Clinic offers around-the-clock 

opinion service, offering guidance from medical experts to confirm or enhance current diagnoses and 

support for every step of parenthood—from fertility treatments 

treatment plans. 

GRI: 401-1, 401-2, 401-3, 403-6
SASB: HC-BP-330a.2
UN: SDG 3, 4, 5, 8, 10

and adoption to parental leave and return to work, breast milk 

shipping and mental health support.  

+4pts

ADAPTING TO CHANGES DURING TO 
THE COVID-19 PANDEMIC

+3pts

+1pt

+5pts

+4pts

2015

2016

87% 
91% 

2018

2017

OF ASSOCIATES 
BELIEVED WELLBEING 
AND SAFETY WAS THEIR 
OPCO’S PRIORITY

2019

2020

2021

OF ASSOCIATES FELT 
SUPPORTED BY THEIR 
DIRECT SUPERVISOR

Danaher Scholarship Program
The Danaher Scholarship Program helps reduce the financial 

burden of higher education costs for Danaher families. In 

2021, we helped fund the academic pursuits of 77 of our 

associates’ children at colleges and universities around 

the globe. The recipients were selected based on academic 

record, demonstrated leadership, participation in school and 

community activities, honors, work experience and a statement 

of goals and aspirations. Since its inception in 2004, the 

Danaher Scholarship Program has awarded more than  

$3.5 million in scholarships to support the development,  

growth and potential of our next generation.

30

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report78%

7.2%

7.0%

73%

74%

75%

ANNUAL 

GOAL

+5pts

+1pt

+4pts

+2pts

4.8%

75%

ANNUAL 

GOAL

2018

2019

2020

2018

2019

2020

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

78%

7.2%

7.0%

73%

74%

75%

ANNUAL 

GOAL

+5pts

+1pt

+4pts

+2pts

4.8%

75%

ANNUAL 

GOAL

2018

2019

2020

2018

2019

2020

2014

2015

2016

2017

2018

2019

2020

+7pts

+4pts

+3pts

+7pts

+4pts

+3pts

TEAM

Diversity + Inclusion

Diversity and inclusion (D+I) are key dimensions of our overall 

engagement strategy. Our D+I transformation began several years ago, 

and by 2020 we had the organizational structure and rigor in place to 

establish 2025 diversity goals for gender representation globally and 

people of color (POC) representation in the U.S. These goals hold us 

accountable to drive progress toward full representation at every level of 

our organization. 

2025 GOALS

40%

GLOBAL WOMEN

At Danaher we believe that what is measured is what moves, so in addition 

to tracking our progress against these goals we track several other critical 

metrics that measure the effectiveness of our D+I program.

39%

36% 37%

33%

31%

31%

29%

Diversity Goals & Progress

29%

26%

38%

36%

35%

37%

PEOPLE OF COLOR  
IN THE U.S.

40%

GLOBAL WOMEN
2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

36% 37%
2019
2020

33%

39%

2021

2019
35%

36%
2020

37%
2021

Global Women 2020

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

31%

29%

31%

29%

26%

40%

2025
GOAL

2025
GOAL

EXECUTIVES & SR. LEADERS

MANAGERS

INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTORS

TOTAL ASSOCIATES

Global Women 2020

Regional Women 2020

Regional Women 2020

U.S. PEOPLE OF COLOR

31%

35% 35%

27%

25%

18% 18%

22%

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

31%
2021

2019
2020
35% 35%

41%

41%

2021

EXECUTIVES & SR. LEADERS

22%

18% 18%
GRI: 102-8, 102-15, 405-1
SASB: TC-HW-330a.1
UN: SDG 5, 8, 10

27%
MANAGERS

25%

INDIVIDUAL CONTRIBUTORS

33% 33%

TOTAL ASSOCIATES

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

2019

2020

2021

2025
GOAL

REGIONAL WOMEN 2021

WOMEN

NORTH AMERICA

38%

37%

39%

38%

WESTERN EUROPE

33% 33%

2019

2020

39%
2021

38%
2025
GOAL

HIGH GROWTH MARKETS

39%

OTHER DEVELOPED MARKETS

27%

2021 U.S. ASSOCIATES

EXECUTIVES
& SR. LEADERS

INDIVIDUAL  
CONTRIBUTORS

• White 74% 
• Asian 13% 
• Hispanic/Latinx 4%  
• Black 4% 
•  American Indian/ 
•  Native Hawaiian/ 
•  Two or more/ 

Alaskan Native  <1% 

not specified 5%

Other Pacific Islander  <1%

• White 54% 
• Asian 19% 
• Hispanic/Latinx 12%  
• Black 7% 
•  American Indian/ 
•  Native Hawaiian/ 
•  Two or more/ 

Alaskan Native  <1% 

not specified 7%

Other Pacific Islander  1%

MANAGERS

TOTAL  
ASSOCIATES

• White 64% 
• Asian 16% 
• Hispanic/Latinx 8%  
• Black 4% 
•  American Indian/ 
•  Native Hawaiian/ 
•  Two or more/ 

Alaskan Native  <1% 

not specified 6%

Other Pacific Islander  1%

• White 55% 
• Asian 18% 
• Hispanic/Latinx 11%  
• Black 7% 
•  American Indian/ 
•  Native Hawaiian/ 
• Two or more 2%
• Not specified 5%

Alaskan Native  <1% 

Other Pacific Islander  1%

MEN

62%

63%

61%

73%

Form EEO-1
Our most recently filed U.S. Federal 

Employer Information Report (Form 

EEO-1) Employment Data is available 

for download here. However, we believe 

the data as presented in this report is 

the most meaningful measure of our 

diversity profile and performance. 

31

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
Recent Recognition
We are grateful for the recognition we have received for our 

D+I achievements and progress so far. For the twelfth year 

in a row, in 2022 the Human Rights Campaign Corporate 

Equality Index named Danaher one of the Best Places to 

Work for LGBTQ+ Equality, and each year since 2014 we have 

received a perfect score of 100.

TEAM

D+I Commitment
In 2022, we codified our commitment to diversity and 

inclusion by adopting the DEI Policy. The policy articulates 

the details of our commitment at the enterprise, operating 

company, people leader and individual contributor levels.

ENTERPRISE ACCOUNTABILITY

Danaher’s Office of Diversity + Inclusion is led by our 

Vice President of Global Diversity + Inclusion, who is 

responsible for the execution of Danaher’s D+I strategy 

and reports to Danaher’s Senior Vice President of Human 

Resources. Both leaders serve on the Danaher Diversity 

+ Inclusion Council along with executives who lead our 

businesses. The D+I Council reports to our President and 

CEO and is responsible for: 

• Overseeing Danaher’s D+I strategic direction 

•  Creating D+I accountability measures, including 

performance and development objectives

•  Operationalizing D+I initiatives and programming 

across all our operating companies

In addition, Danaher’s President and CEO is a signatory 
to the CEO Action for Diversity + Inclusion™ pledge (CEO 

Action), setting a clear tone at the top regarding D+I’s 

critical importance to Danaher. That message is carried 

through our internal communications and policies as well.  

OPERATING COMPANY ACCOUNTABILITY

event created by CEO Action to stimulate opportunities for 

While we have made tremendous progress across our D+I 

efforts over the last few years, we feel a sense of urgency 

to accelerate our work on this front. Across Danaher, when 

we reach for bold objectives we care deeply about, we turn 

to a DBS tool called Policy Deployment (PD). Starting in 

2021, each of our operating companies added an annual 

PD initiative focused on D+I. PD helps our operating 

companies determine their critical few improvement 

priorities and achieve strategic breakthroughs through 

the implementation of new, sustainable processes. PD’s 

rigorous “plan-do-check-adjust” approach is helping 

us increase the pace and traction of our diversity 

representation, engagement and inclusion goals, as 

evidenced by the metrics shown on the previous page.

Leadership  
Commitment to D+I 
As we continue to mature and evolve in our D+I journey 

across Danaher, we are particularly focused on people leader 

accountability. In 2022, for the third year in a row, Danaher is 

requiring each people leader to have a D+I-related personal 

performance or development objective as part of our annual 

review process, Performance for Growth (P4G). Ensuring 

our leaders understand the importance of D+I, model an 

inclusive culture through their own behaviors and cultivate 

opportunities for their teams to learn and engage is critical in 

advancing our D+I goals.

Our annual Day of Understanding (DoU) is an important 

tool that our people leaders use to engage their teams 

in meaningful discussions around D+I topics. DoU is an 

addressing potential bias in the workplace and fostering a 

culture of inclusion and understanding. Nearly 93% of our 

people leaders hosted sessions with their teams in 2021, 

focusing on one of two topics: Micro-Behaviors & Bias and 

Examining Identities and Intersectionality. Our 2022 DoU 

will focus on Persons with Disabilities. 

Pay Equity
Our DEI Policy articulates our commitment to pay 

equity (including gender and racial/ethnic group pay 

equity) and ensuring that pay decisions are based on 

merit. We proactively monitor, measure and review our 

pay practices and take actions toward achieving and 

maintaining pay equity.

In 2020, we achieved base pay equity for women and for 

racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. based on an analysis 

of weighted median base pay. In 2021, we expanded this 

analysis in the U.S. to include both base pay and short-term 

incentive compensation (STI), and our results continue to 

demonstrate pay equity. The weighted median base pay and 

STI for women in the U.S. is 100% of the weighted median 

base pay and STI of men within operating companies in the 

same job. Black, Asian and Latinx associates in the U.S. have 

a weighted median base pay and STI that is at least 100% of 

the weighted median base pay and STI of white associates 

within operating companies in the same job.

Outside the U.S., we conduct pay gap reporting by operating 

company in the countries where this is required, and we 

have voluntarily performed detailed pay fairness analyses 

in ten of our most populous countries—covering more 

than 75% of our global headcount. We intend to include 

additional countries in our 2022 pay fairness work to reach 

95% of our global headcount and continue to strive toward 

achieving pay equity in each country where we do business.

GRI: 102-12, 102-15, 102-20, 405-1, 405-2
UN: SDG 5, 8, 10

32

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Associate Resource Groups  
We expect everyone at Danaher to support a culture 

that respects and appreciates individuality, and 

our Associate Resource Groups (ARGs) are one of 

our most powerful tools for promoting inclusion. 

Danaher ARGs are voluntary, associate-led groups 

for our underrepresented associates that promote 

a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our 

mission, values, goals and business practices. ARGs 

offer tailored education for each group’s associates, 

friends and allies; a safe and supportive space to 

connect with others; and mentoring and coaching 

programs that help underrepresented talent build 

connections with a broader group of Danaher 

leaders and outside professionals. 

Each of our ARGs is also open to members of the 

“+Friends” community, recognizing the importance 

of broader support for each underrepresented 

group. At Danaher, we define a “Friend” as one who 

“actively supports and defends the rights, interests 

and wellbeing of another person or group.”

Support for our ARGs and their members is a priority 

for our President and CEO and his executive team. 

To reinforce their commitment to ARG members’ 

career development and sense of security within 

Danaher, our executive leaders serve as ARG 

sponsors, prioritize opportunities to speak with our 

ARGs and actively participate in their events.

Danaher ARGs &  
Their Missions

WOMEN + FRIENDS

To establish an inclusive culture, 

in which women believe they can 

be their authentic selves.

BLACK + FRIENDS

To cultivate an environment in 

which Black associates can  

BE, GROW & LEAD.

LGBTQ + FRIENDS

To create and cultivate an 

environment where the LGBTQ 

community can belong as their 

authentic selves and realize  

their potential.

LATINX + FRIENDS

ARG MEMBERSHIP

2021 VS. 2020

To unite and elevate the Latinx 

community at Danaher by 

capitalizing on our passions and 

realizing our aspirations.

ASIAN DESCENT + 
FRIENDS

To promote an environment where 

Asian Descent associates can 

fulfill their professional aspirations 

and be valued for who they are.

Asian Descent + Friends

Black + Friends

Latinx + Friends

LGBTQ + Friends

Women + Friends U.S. & Canada

Women + Friends Europe

Women + Friends China

+130%

+130%

+170%

+50%

+110%

New in 2021

New in 2021

Gudi Padwa Celebration in India by Richa Agrawal, Videojet associate

Danaher ARGs are voluntary, 
associate-led groups for our 
underrepresented associates 
that promote a diverse, inclusive 
workplace aligned with our 
mission, values, goals and  
business practices.

GRI: 405-1
UN: SDG 5, 8, 10

33

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportChinelos Dance, Mexico City by Sergio Rangel, Beckman Coulter Life Sciences associate

Our Associate Resource 
Groups are one of our 
most powerful tools for 
promoting inclusion.

BLACK + FRIENDS

WOMEN + FRIENDS

LGBTQ + FRIENDS

ASIAN DESCENT + FRIENDS

LATINX + FRIENDS

In February 2022, the Black + Friends ARG 

In March 2022, our Women + Friends 

The LGBTQ + Friends ARG hosted their first 

Asian Descent + Friends ARG celebrated the 

Earlier this year, the Latinx + Friends ARG 

celebrated Black History Month with the 

ARGs from across the globe recognized 

in-person summit in Washington, DC in 

Lunar New Year with two virtual celebrations. 

hosted two programs to celebrate the diverse 

theme For the Culture, kicking off the 

International Women’s Day and reinforced 

June 2022, where over 100 associates and 

The highly interactive events featured a 

Latinx culture and support associates on their 

month with a dynamic keynote speaker who 

Danaher’s commitment to #BreakingtheBias. 

leaders came together to “Dare2B” their 

virtual quiz, a real-time demonstration of 

career development journey. The first program 

challenged associates to get curious and build 

The U.S. & Canada ARG held a fireside chat 

authentic selves. At the conclusion of this 

crafting Chinese paper cuts, and touching 

was a dynamic discussion of the history of 

play into their workday. The ARG also hosted 

featuring two Danaher women leaders sharing 

energizing event, Danaher associates and 

stories about associates’ family festival 

Latinos in the U.S. The second program was a 

two virtual cooking classes that featured 

inspirational stories of navigating their 

their friends and family marched together in 

celebration traditions. 

culinary dishes from across the African 

careers to break down bias and barriers.

the DC Pride Parade.

diaspora. And there was a virtual DJ that 

offered a fellowship opportunity for associates 

while listening to Black artists. 

GRI: 405-1
UN: SDG 5, 8, 10

training event to help members of the Latinx 

ARG build DBS competency and improve 

personal productivity.  

34

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Learning & Development

Our approach to talent development is informed by DBS and framed by the 70-20-10 model: 70% of development 

occurs on the job, 20% through coaching and mentoring, and 10% through formal training and learning experiences.  

Our goal is to get the right development experience to the right associate at the right time, whether associates 

are recent college graduates or seasoned leaders. We offer a rich mix of formal programming spanning a robust 

curriculum of courses, supported by enterprise-wide best-practice sharing opportunities. One of our most impactful 

talent development programs is our DBS Certified Practitioner model. Certified Practitioners are associates who 

undergo a rigorous training and certification process in a particular discipline of DBS, qualifying them to train, 

counsel and mentor others. We have almost 2,000 Certified Practitioners across Danaher. 

DBS Certification

DBS tool and course competency designations for associates: 

Domain Sensei

DBS Tool Process 
Owner (TPO) DBS 
Course Owner (CO)

Advanced Certified 
Practitioner (ACP) or  
Advanced Certified 
Trainer (ACT)

Building DBS capability is fundamental  
to our leadership development and learning strategy.   

Certified Practitioner 
(CP) or Certified 
Trainer (CT)

Our pivot to virtual programming during the COVID-19 pandemic expanded the reach of several key courses to people 

leaders across the globe. We also support our associates in their pursuit of continuing education outside of Danaher, 

with most of our operating companies offering tuition reimbursement and educational assistance programs.  

Career Growth 

Your
next role
may be
waiting!

Danaher Go 

Powered by Workday

New jobs are among the many 

opportunities created by 

Danaher’s successful financial 

performance. On average, 

there are typically more than 2,000 job openings across 

the company. Danaher Go is our internal mobility 

program that supports our commitment to hiring 

and growing careers from within. Our internal policy 

reinforces this commitment by encouraging associates 

to pursue intra-Danaher career moves and ensuring 

they receive the support to do so from their manager 

and senior leadership. To ensure our recruitment team 

has visibility to the career backgrounds and aspirations 

of our associates, we regularly encourage our 

associates to complete and update their Career Profile 

in our Workday HR information system.

EXECUTIVES & SENIOR LEADER  
INTERNAL FILL RATE 

78%

76%

74%

75%
ANNUAL
GOAL

2019

2020

2021

Colorful Nature’s Wonders in Peru by Merydawilda Ortiz, Pall associate

2021 Learning at Danaher by 
the Numbers*

156,000 
Total courses completed 

135,000 
Digital courses completed

21,000 
Instructor-led courses completed

41,000 
Unique users in Workday Learning

3.8  
Average number of courses  
completed by associate

85  
New digital courses added to the 
Workday Learning catalog 

16  
Languages our digital courses are 
provided in

* Excludes Annual Training Program and blended 
courses (instructor led with on-demand components).

GRI: 404-2

35

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
TEAM

Motivating and  
Rewarding Performance

Performance for Growth (P4G)
Performance for Growth (P4G) is our 

Our P4G process encompasses all Danaher associates 

(with limited exceptions at certain operating companies 

due to regional differences and commercial bargaining 

annual performance management 

program. P4G guides associates 

and their managers in setting clear 

personal performance and development 

objectives aligned to our strategic priorities and assessing 

associate performance against these goals. This required 

annual process helps our people leaders establish an 

effective plan for their associates, accurately assess 

associate performance, provide actionable and ongoing 

feedback and recognize and reward exceptional work. The 

P4G annual reviews are structured around performance 

assessments against formal, annual objectives as well as 

our four Core Behaviors, which we introduced in 2021. The 

P4G performance appraisal rating system determines 

each associate’s salary merit increase for the following 

year (and bonus payout for bonus-eligible associates).  

agreements). 

Compensation
We are committed to offering associates competitive 

compensation that accounts for geography, industry, 

experience and performance. Danaher and its operating 

companies’ compensation programs and practices are 

designed to attract associates, motivate and reward 

performance, drive growth and support retention. 

Compensation at Danaher typically includes base wages 

and some form of variable bonus or incentive opportunity. 

More than 90% of our associates participate in our bonus 

or incentive programs. In addition, certain associates 

receive long-term incentive compensation in the form of 

Danaher equity awards.

97%

GRI: 102-35, 102-37, 203-2, 404-3
UN: SDG 8

OF ASSOCIATES RECEIVED A 
PERFORMANCE REVIEW IN 2021

Our Executive Compensation Program is designed to reward 

executive officers who achieve annual business goals, 

build long-term shareholder value and maintain long-term 

careers with Danaher. Our program’s emphasis on long-

term equity awards—tied closely to shareholder returns 

and subject to significant vesting and holding periods—

has been fundamental in attracting skilled executives, 

encouraging them to build long-term careers with Danaher, 

and motivating them to achieve sustainable operating and 

financial performance through a range of economic cycles. 

We provide our shareholders an opportunity to cast an annual 

advisory vote with respect to the compensation of our Named 

Executive Officers, as disclosed in our annual proxy statement 

(the “say on pay” proposal). At Danaher’s annual meeting of 

shareholders in May 2022, approximately 94% of the votes cast 

were in favor of the “say on pay” proposal.

Collective Bargaining
Of Danaher’s U.S. associates, approximately 400 were 

hourly-rated, unionized associates at the end of 2021. 

Outside the U.S., the company has government-mandated 

collective bargaining arrangements and union contracts 

in certain countries, particularly in Europe where many 

associates are represented by unions and/or Works 

Councils. As set forth in Danaher’s Sustainability Policy, 

our businesses are required to respect each associate’s 

legal rights to make an informed decision, free of 

coercion, about membership in associations and/or labor 

unions, and are required to bargain in good faith with 

these associations and labor unions.

36

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

In Our Communities

Danaher’s Community Impact Strategy 
Our team’s passion for solving complex challenges reaches well beyond the lab, manufacturing facility or office, 

and extends into our local communities around the globe. And as a leading science and technology innovator, we 

have a unique opportunity to address some of society’s toughest problems. 

Danaher’s community impact strategy relies on a targeted approach to community investment, with a preference 

for programs that share our commitment to diversity and inclusion. Together with our operating companies, we 

have prioritized the following areas for community investment: 

•  Building a diverse, STEAM-ready workforce

•  Advancing healthcare innovation

•  Protecting the environment 

Danaher is committed to leveraging our time, talent, product and financial resources to deliver on a community 

impact strategy commensurate with our growth, abilities, the expectations of our stakeholders and, most 

importantly, our Shared Purpose.

Our associates are the engine driving Danaher’s 

GIFT MATCHING 

Cytiva associates planting native trees at the Tauranga, New Zealand site

community engagement around the world. Their 

diverse backgrounds and experiences offer limitless 

ideas for continuous improvement and how we focus 

our resources to build communities and people. We 

celebrate and fuel this passion in a number of ways.  

VOLUNTEERISM

We offer an associate platform that enables the 

pursuit and tracking of personal and team-based 

volunteerism. Volunteer programs will be available 

globally in 2023.   

DOLLARS FOR DOERS

Associates can translate the hours they volunteer 

into grants to the nonprofits of their choice. For every 

20 hours volunteered, associates can earn a grant 

to direct to an eligible organization, up to twice each 

calendar year. 

Danaher matches donations from associates to eligible 

organizations, up to $500 per associate per calendar 

year. Gift matching will be available globally in 2023.

Note: As of 2022, these three programs are currently available 
to full- and part-time associates in the U.S. and Canada only.

Read our complete  
Community Impact 
Statement here. 

GRI: 203-1, 203-2
UN: SDG 3, 4

37

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Investing in Future Careers  
in Science & Medicine 
In 2021, Cytiva started a multi-year partnership with the 

Biomedical Science Careers Program (BSCP), a non-profit 

organization working to increase the representation of minorities 

and disadvantaged individuals in science and medicine. BSCP 

partners with organizations and businesses like Cytiva to provide 

mentorship opportunities for academically outstanding students. 

To date, Cytiva has supported 2,000 students’ participation in the 

program free of charge and invested in academic scholarships. 

Cytiva is working to expand its partnership with BSCP with the 

goal of supporting 10,000 students annually.  

“At Cytiva, we want to move from 
discussion to action to impact. BSCP has 
impacted thousands of lives and countless 
individuals are now pursuing biomedical 
careers thanks to BSCP’s mentorship, 
development and support. We’re excited 
to contribute our experience, expertise 
and resources.”

Ryan Walker, Sustainability Program Manager  
at Cytiva

GRI: 203-1, 203-2
UN: SDG 3, 4

BSCP interns and Cytiva Vice President Emmanuel Abate volunteering at the 
Community Harvest Project, which targets hunger relief in the Grafton, MA community.

38

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Mentorship in Action
City Year UK is an education and youth social action 

charity that challenges 18- to 25-year-olds to tackle 

educational inequality through a year of full-time 

voluntary service. As mentors, tutors and role models 

in schools, participants support 1,500 at-risk youth in 

disadvantaged communities in London, Birmingham 

and Greater Manchester. 

This work has a remarkable “double benefit.” 

Participants become integral to the school day, 

supporting young people in their academic and social 

emotional learning, both in and out of the classroom. 

At the same time, the City Year experience empowers 

this diverse group of young leaders to Realize Life’s 

Potential through a program of training, coaching and 

career development opportunities. 

Danaher’s London-based operating companies 

partner with City Year UK throughout the year to help 

develop the employability skills of around 150 young 

people. Our associates work with these emerging 

leaders on their professional skills through one-on-

one mentoring and career exploration, guest speakers, 

mock interviews and visits to Danaher operating 

company sites. 

Samit Langar of Cytiva and his student mentee, 

Manisha, who attends one of City Year’s London 

schools, met monthly to help Manisha plan and set 

goals for what’s next in her career. Here they both 

share their experiences working together as part of 

City Year UK.

“Samit helped me look at life with a different 
perspective. In our first meeting he asked me, ‘When 
it comes to your career, what is your heart telling 
you and your head telling you?’ I couldn’t answer. 

He helped me find a balance with working in a 
creative industry—which has been a passion of 
mine—and focusing on my strengths and where 
I can continue to grow as a person. Having Samit 
as my mentor made me more confident and the 
knowledge he imparted will always stay with me.”

Manisha, London-based student and  
Danaher mentee

“I had the pleasure of being a mentor in City Year’s 
Bridge Builder program this year and I really enjoyed 
the experience of coaching Manisha. We focused on 
building her resume and professional networking 
profiles, and how to convey her experience and 
passions with confidence and maturity. 

It was fulfilling to give advice to a ‘young me’ and I 
thank City Year for creating such a platform.”

Samit Langar, Cytiva associate  
and City Year UK mentor

Building the Next Generation 
of STEAM Leaders
The Henry Ford Invention Convention is the largest 
kindergarten-through-12th grade invention education 

program in the U.S., with an annual competition that 

features more than 147,000 student inventions from 

across the country. In 2022, Danaher scientists and 

engineers served as judges, applying their scientific 

expertise to review student submissions.

Danaher was the presenting sponsor of the 

Convention’s Health and Medical Award, which 

recognizes a notable student who successfully 

addresses a health and medical technology problem 

that could one day save lives. The 2022 winner and 

scholarship recipient was Dylan, a fifth grader from 

Redondo Beach, CA, for the Tasty IV Flush, a flavored 

pellet that makes saline solution taste better, creating a 

more positive patient experience. Patients undergoing 

continuous IV treatments need to have their IV line 

flushed with a saline solution, which can be tasted 

by the patient. Dylan’s mom had recently undergone 

cancer treatment, and a friend had been treated for 

hemophilia. Their shared negative experience tasting 

“salty metal” during saline flush inspired him to 

develop better, custom options. 

As Dylan told the judges, “Research supports a lot of 

people have this problem, and it impacts how they 

react to treatment. I tried different flavors mixed with 

a saline solution and surveyed my family and friends 

to see which flavors they liked best. The idea is that a 

patient could pick a flavor from all the options, and it 

would taste like they had a candy in their mouth during 

treatment and they would have a better experience.”

GRI: 203-1, 203-2
UN: SDG 3, 4

39

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

Human Rights

Our commitment to human rights stems from our 

Danaher is also a signatory of the UN Global Compact, 

SUPPLY CHAIN

Shared Purpose, our Core Value The Best Team Wins 

which includes a commitment to the fundamental 

and our Sustainability Mission Statement, which states 

principles of human rights.

our commitment to considering the long-term interests 

of Danaher associates, our customers and business 

partners, and the people who live in our communities. We 

believe respect for human rights is a cornerstone for a 

sustainable business.

Danaher’s commitment to respecting human rights in our 

own operations and complying with the laws of the countries 

in which we do business is articulated in our Sustainability 

Policy. This commitment to upholding the dignity of every 

person and respecting and protecting human rights applies 

to all Danaher locations and businesses worldwide. We 

believe we have an opportunity and obligation to positively 

impact the protection of human rights within our sphere of 

influence, and we expect our suppliers to act in accordance 

with internationally recognized human rights standards. 

Our commitment is guided by the principles set forth in U.S. 

laws governing human rights, as well as in the following 

international standards:

•  Universal Declaration of Human Rights

•  International Covenant on Civil and  

Political Rights

In 2021, Danaher became a signatory 
of the UN Global Compact (UNGC) 
to demonstrate our commitment 
to the 10 principles of the UNGC on 
human rights, labor, environment  
and anti-corruption.

We recognize that human rights due diligence is a 

continuous process. We seek to use policies, training, 

processes and monitoring systems that advance this 

commitment across all areas of our business.

OPERATIONS

We expect each Danaher associate to act lawfully toward 

other associates, colleagues, business partners and those 

in local communities. We do not tolerate the abuse of 

human rights in our operations. Each year, all associates 

•  International Covenant on Economic, Social  

in administrative, business, technical, professional, 

We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to respect 

human rights. All suppliers are expected to comply with our 

Supplier Code of Conduct, which sets forth our expectations 

around supplier business practices, including human 

rights. We are committed to implementing and improving 

due diligence processes to assess risks relating to human 

rights. Please refer to the Danaher Sustainable Supply Chain 

Policy for additional details. In addition, our supplier risk 

assessment/risk management program and our EcoVadis 

supplier sustainability due diligence, assessment and 

monitoring program assess and monitor supplier human 

rights practices, among other topics. Please refer to the Supply 

Chain Sustainability section of this report for additional detail.

COMMUNITIES

As an employer and a corporate citizen, we are aware of our 

role in the communities in which we operate. We seek to 

respect the rights of local communities and those who live 

and work there consistent with international human rights 

standards. We strive to monitor and address the local and 

global environmental impacts of our business operations, 

and to create positive impacts on adjacent communities 

through local engagement and charitable programs. Please 

refer to the report section In Our Communities for more 

information regarding our community impact initiatives.

and Cultural Rights

•  International Labor Organization’s (ILO’s)  

Declaration on Fundamental Principles  

and Rights at Work

•  ILO Convention Concerning Discrimination  

in Respect of Employment and Occupation

management and executive career categories are required 

to certify their understanding of the Code of Conduct and all 

Our commitment to human rights also spans a range of 

its requirements, including the Code requirements relating 

topical areas, as detailed on the following page.

to human rights. In addition, associates in our procurement 

function participate in annual human rights training.

GRI: 102-12, 102-13, 403-6, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1

My Mother in Northern China by Li Qing, Leica Microsystems associate

40

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportTEAM

FAIR LABOR PRACTICES 

All Danaher employment practices are required to comply 

with all applicable laws and regulations, including those 

concerning hours, compensation, opportunity and working 

conditions. Our businesses are required to respect each 

associate’s legal rights to make an informed decision, free 

of coercion, about membership in associations and/or 

labor unions. Our businesses are also required to bargain in 

good faith with these associations and labor unions. 

CHILD LABOR 

Our policy is to support and comply with child labor laws 

across our operations and supply chain. Our approach is 

consistent with the ILO labor standards outlined in ILO 

Conventions 138 and 182. 

FORCED LABOR AND  
HUMAN TRAFFICKING 

We do not accept or condone any aspect of forced or 

compulsory labor. We strictly prohibit our associates and 

suppliers from engaging in human trafficking-related 

activities. 

SAFE AND HEALTHY  
WORK ENVIRONMENT 

Our policy is that all associates work in a clean and 

safe environment. In the interest of maintaining a safe 

and healthy workplace, we require full compliance with 

applicable workplace safety and industrial hygiene 

standards as mandated by law.

NON-DISCRIMINATION  
AND ANTI-HARASSMENT 

and achievements. Regardless of geographic location, 

In addition, Danaher in certain circumstances employs 

all employment-related decisions are required to be 

innovative, targeted approaches to address the needs of 

based on job-related qualifications, without regard to 

developing countries, including collaborative partnerships 

legally protected characteristics such as race, color, 

with global organizations (please refer to the Diagnostics 

national origin, religion, sex, gender, age, marital status, 

Innovation section of this report for additional details). We 

disability, veteran status, citizenship status, sexual 

also recognize our responsibilities to ensure the quality and 

orientation, gender identity, gender expression or any other 

safety of our products from the discovery phase to post-

characteristic protected by law. We do not tolerate unlawful 

commercialization, and to price our products and solutions 

discrimination or harassment, and our Code of Conduct 

responsibly to ensure that they reflect their value.

We are committed to providing effective resolution to the 

extent we have caused or contributed to adverse human 

rights impacts. The Danaher Speak Up! helpline, together 

with the other reporting channels identified in our Code 

of Conduct, are the grievance mechanisms available to 

associates, business partners and other persons.

Danaher’s Vice President of Global Procurement and 

Supply Chain, who reports to Danaher’s Executive Vice 

President and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for our 

supply chain human rights program, and Danaher’s Senior 

Vice President of Human Resources is responsible for 

human rights in our direct operations.

further expands upon these expectations.

PRIVACY 

We are committed to protecting the privacy of those who 

entrust us with their personal information, including our 

customers, website visitors, associates, clinical research 

participants and all who do business with us. We are 

committed to explaining how personal information can 

be corrected, updated or deleted and taking steps to keep 

personal information secure.  

ACCESS TO HEALTHCARE;  
PRODUCT QUALITY; PRICING

Access to healthcare, including access to innovative 

medical devices and other technologies, is a critically 

important focus for the global health community and 

our company. At Danaher, we believe one of the most 

significant opportunities we have is to improve access 

to healthcare, and that our critical contribution lies in 

continuing to invest in products and solutions that support 

the discovery and development of lifesaving treatments to 

address the world’s most intractable health challenges. In 

2021, we invested approximately $1.7 billion in research and 

development, and in the section Innovating Products That 

Improve Lives and Our Planet in this report we highlight a 

Danaher is committed to equal employment opportunity 

number of inspiring breakthrough solutions. 

and equity, and it is our policy that we base employment 

decisions on merit, considering qualifications, skills 

Standing Up for Human 
Rights at Danaher

“While governments play a lead role 
in ensuring human rights for their 
citizens, we believe corporations 
also have an important duty to 
operationalize human rights in 
daily interactions with associates, 
customers and business partners. 
Which is why we strive to be a 
responsible corporate citizen and 
to contribute positively to human 
rights impacts in the way we run 
our company. Part of being a good 
corporate citizen is contributing 
to the communities where we live 
and work. To that end, you have 
seen Danaher accelerate our global 
D+I efforts and take a more visible 
position on matters of social justice, 
which we view as congruent to our 
position on human rights.”

Rainer M. Blair 

President and Chief Executive Officer

GRI: 102-20, 403-6, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1

41

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportProtecting Our Environment

A Hummingbird Moth and Thistle in Shenandoah National Park, Virginia by Shilpa Sen, Cytiva associate

Our EHS Vision

EHS Management Programs

43

45

Our Operating Companies Lead the Way

Helping Our Customers Reduce Their  
Environmental Impact

47

48

42

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportENVIRONMENT

Protecting Our Environment 
Danaher is committed to protecting the environment, 

and the health and safety of our associates, 

contractors, customers, and communities. Our 

environment, health and safety (EHS) vision is to drive 

world-class EHS performance and innovation that 

anticipates the needs of our growing business.

Protecting the safety and health and encouraging 

the well-being of our teams is a critical priority 

reflected in our Core Value, The Best Team Wins. We 

believe we are the best team when our associates 

feel good about coming to work, are empowered to 

raise safety concerns, and leave safe and healthy at 

the end of every shift. We are proud that workplace 

safety consistently receives high scores in our annual 

Associate Engagement Survey.

Our stewardship of the environment and precious 

natural resources for future generations are also core 

to our overall sustainability strategy. Our planet is 

facing unprecedented environmental challenges, and 

we know that human health is inextricably linked to the 

health of our planet.  

To this end, we are committed to leveraging DBS to 

reduce the environmental footprint of our operations 

and our products, reduce occupational injuries and 

illnesses and improve associate wellbeing. We are also 

committed to pursuing opportunities for environmental 

improvements across our value chain. By seeking to 

partner with suppliers and customers, we believe we 

can help address some of the world’s most pressing 

environmental issues more broadly and effectively than 

we could on our own. Together, we are Helping Realize 

Life’s Potential.

To achieve our EHS aspirations, we have established 

policies that communicate clear expectations, track 

key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure our 

performance and set goals to drive accountability for 

continuous improvement. With DBS as our driving 

force, we’ve developed DBS tools designed specifically 

to reduce energy consumption and waste generation, 

and we are currently piloting a DBS tool to reduce water 

consumption.  

We are also committed to investing in the best EHS 

team. Our EHS professionals play a vital role in 

helping us achieve our business goals by facilitating 

safety, quality and productivity improvements, driving 

environmental stewardship across our organization 

and strengthening associate engagement. In the spirit 

of continuous improvement, we continue to enhance 

our EHS organizational structure—including recent 

additions to bolster our capabilities in EHS assurance, 

data administration and environmental sustainability. 

Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel 

is the executive with management-level responsibility 

for our EHS program.  

Reflections at Dusk in the Ansel Adams Wilderness, California  
by Yvonne Chan, Cepheid associate

43

Danaher is committed to protecting the 
environment, and the health and safety  
of our associates, contractors,  
customers, and the communities in  
which we operate. 

GRI: 102-20

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportENVIRONMENT

Policies
We articulate our EHS expectations through the 

following policies:

CODE OF CONDUCT

Identifies the core principles that guide our 

EcoVadis Ratings

Several Danaher operating companies  

have earned gold, silver or bronze  

EcoVadis ratings, demonstrating the  

depth of our sustainability leadership  

organization, including our core EHS principles.

and commitment:

 ENVIRONMENT, HEALTH AND SAFETY 
POLICY (EHS POLICY)

Specifically addresses compliance with applicable 

EHS laws, personal accountability, continuous 

improvement in EHS performance, integration of EHS 

principles into our business plans, product design and 

facilities, recycling and reuse, EHS due diligence of 

newly acquired businesses and public reporting of our 

program effectiveness. 

SUSTAINABILITY POLICY

Hach – Gold
Cytiva (Uppsala, Sweden site) – Gold
Pall – Silver
Molecular Devices – Bronze
SCIEX – Bronze
Videojet – Bronze

Global Safety Performance

Builds upon the EHS Policy and addresses the EHS 

elements most critical to our approach to sustainability.

2019

0.00

0.50

1.00

0.68

0.47

0.54

2020

0.34

2021

0.51

0.37

Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)

Days Away Restricted or Transferred (DART)

Note: 2019 data include Envista Holdings Corporation.

Notably, Danaher’s 2021 total recordable incident 

rate (TRIR) was the lowest in ten years. 

SUPPLIER CODE OF CONDUCT AND 
SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN POLICY

Outline our expectations regarding the extension 

of our EHS values throughout our supply chain, 

including the assessment and monitoring of our 

suppliers’ environmental performance through the 

EcoVadis platform.

GRI: 102-15, 102-16, 305-1, 305-2, 305-5, 306-5, 403-9
SASB: RT-IG-320a.1
TCFD: Metrics and Targets
UN: SDG 3, 12, 13

KPIs and Goals
To drive accountability and continuous improvement, we have established goals designed to achieve meaningful 

improvement in our EHS performance and reduce our impact on the environment.

Jellyfish in Monterey, California by Greg Beuneu, Cytiva associate

50.4%

REDUCTION IN SCOPE 1  
AND 2 GHG EMISSIONS

In this report, we are announcing our intention to reduce Danaher’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 

by 50.4% on an absolute basis by 2032 (compared to a baseline year of 2021)—a reduction target that aligns to the 

prevailing climate science goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial levels. We 

are developing a suite of tools and processes to drive this effort, with the DBS Energy Management Toolkit as our 

foundation. This new, science-aligned goal supersedes our prior intensity-based GHG and energy reduction targets 

and represents an even more ambitious reduction goal.

15%

REDUCTION IN PERCENTAGE OF WASTE 
SENT TO LANDFILL OR INCINERATION

In 2020, we announced a five-year goal to reduce the percentage of non-hazardous/non-regulated waste sent to 

landfill or incineration by 15%. With the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit as the cornerstone, in 2021 we reduced the 

percentage of non-hazardous/non-regulated waste sent to landfill by 25% compared to the 2019 baseline—running 

ahead of our 2024 goal.

We also track a range of EHS-related KPIs to measure the effectiveness of our program and quantify our progress. 

These are provided in the data summary at the end of this report.

44

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportENVIRONMENT

EHS Management Programs

We’ve leveraged our legacy DBS tools and operating 

 •  Investigate Go to gemba—the physical location where 

Given the essential role Danaher plays in the water 

company best practices to create a suite of EHS-specific 

work gets done—to identify and map all systems, 

ecosystem, assessing water risk in our operations and 

tools to manage ergonomics, energetics, exposure, 

processes and pieces of equipment that use electricity, 

supply chain is critical. We use the World Resource 

environmental compliance, energy reduction and  

natural gas, other forms of fuel or air, or contain 

Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to assess the 

waste reduction.

insulation. Use the guidelines and checklists in the 

level of water risk at each of our sites worldwide. We are 

The DBS Energy Management Toolkit guides facility-
level teams in identifying, prioritizing and implementing 

Toolkit to identify and prioritize opportunities for 

improvement and develop an action plan. 

also leveraging the power of DBS to develop the Water 
Stewardship Toolkit, which we are piloting in 2022. 
This toolkit is intended to guide facility-level teams in 

measures that improve energy efficiency and reduce 

•  Implement Systematically execute the action plan. 

identifying, prioritizing and implementing measures 

GHG emissions. Our teams use the toolkit to establish 

Measure the impact and track results.  

that improve water use efficiency and optimize re-use. 

Other EHS Management Tools 
A number of our sites also adhere to globally recognized 

EHS management systems, including ISO 14001 

(environmental), ISO 45001 (health and safety) and ISO 

50001 (energy management): 

NUMBER OF EHS SIGNIFICANT SITES  
ADHERING TO EHS ISO STANDARDS 

The toolkit is also intended to facilitate a business-

ISO 14001

ISO 45001

ISO 50001

a thorough understanding of energy consumption 

and identify areas for improvement in the form of an 

“opportunity assessment.” Next, the teams develop energy 

•  Sustain Monitor performance at regular intervals, keep 
stakeholders engaged and add new opportunities for 

focused review of water-related market, reputational 

and operational risks, prioritize sites based on water 

management action plans to be implemented using a 

impact to the action plan.  

consumption and water basin risks, and rank potential 

variety of DBS tools, based on the following framework:  

projects for implementation.

•  Envision Collect and analyze data relating to electricity 
and natural gas usage, air line leaks, insulation and fuel 

We first introduced the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit 
in 2020. Facility-level teams use the tool to evaluate waste 

The application of these tools is supported by a specially 

generation and disposal practices, identify improvement 

trained group of associates referred to as Certified 

types. Establish long-term and short-term reduction 

opportunities, develop action plans and implement 

Practitioners (CP) and Advanced Certified Practitioners 

goals. Establish clear roles and responsibilities.

comprehensive waste minimization strategies. The toolkit 

(ACP). Qualifying as a CP or an ACP requires a training 

follows the waste management hierarchy of controls: avoid, 

process that extends up to 18 months and includes classroom 

reduce, reuse, recycle, recover energy, treat and dispose. 

instruction as well as practical, experiential learning. 

56

19

5

(all data as of December 31, 2021)

Note: Total number of EHS significant manufacturing and 
assembly sites globally was 149 as of the end of 2021. Danaher 
defines “EHS significant” sites as manufacturing, assembly, 
laboratory, research, testing, maintenance and/or warehouse 
facilities with a population of 25 associates or greater, or with 
particular inherent EHS hazards.

2015
Launch of 4E EHS Hazard  
Control Toolkit.

2016
Introduced layered, EHS 
self-audits and kamishibai, 
a DBS virtual tool that helps 
sustain operational safety, 
good housekeeping, and fire 
protection systems  
and control.

2017
Introduced leading 
EHS indicators, such as 
“near misses” and safety 
observations, into our Daily 
Management process to 
reduce exposure to hazards 
in our workspace. Initiated 4E 
Certified Practitioner training 
and certification.

2018
Incorporated controls  
for hazards with the potential 
for serious injuries or  
fatality, and expanded tools 
for managing exposures.  
Began development  
of DBS Energy  
Management Toolkit.

2019
Began implementing  
DBS Energy Management 
Toolkit to reduce energy 
consumption at our major 
facilities. Initiated Energy 
Management Certified 
Practitioner training  
and certification. 

2020
Expanded use of the DBS 
Energy Management Toolkit 
worldwide, began process 
of certifying associates as 
Certified Practitioners in 
Energy Management, and 
started pilot-testing a DBS 
Waste Minimization Toolkit.

2021
Expanded deployment of 
the DBS Waste Minimization 
Toolkit and built a deeper 
bench of expert associates. 

2022
Formally launched the  
DBS Waste Minimization 
Toolkit and associate 
certification process. Began 
pilot testing a DBS Water 
Stewardship Toolkit.

GRI: 302-4, 303-1, 305-5, 403-1, 403-2, 403-5
UN: SDG 12, 13

45

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
ENVIRONMENT

EHS Risk Assessment
We revised our EHS risk assessment process in 2021 to place 

In 2021, the Beckman Coulter Life Sciences plant in Suzhou, 

greater emphasis on the strategy and cultural aspects of 

China won the “EHS Best Plant” award.

EHS. Now called the EHS Maturity Assessment Tool (MAT), 

this tool scores a site against five major elements (strategy, 

risk management & compliance, DBS, organization and 

•  DBS Tools including Action Plans, Visual and Daily 
Management helped the team execute their EHS 

culture) and eleven sub-elements. Sites move through 

strategy, advance the site’s EHS maturity assessment 

beginner, foundational, mature and advanced process 

scores and improve property risk scores. 

maturity phases as they develop, implement and sustain 

key MAT requirements. The MAT requires senior leaders and 

•  Talent The team focused on EHS talent development, 

EHS personnel of in-scope sites to set annual goals and 

creating associate participation and certification 

three-year improvement targets. Leadership at both the 

opportunities in EHS risk identification and control.

Danaher and operating company levels reviews progress 

against these goals and targets multiple times each year.

•  Results The addition of a new reagent production line in 
2020 initially increased the site’s year-over-year absolute 

Each year, we recognize the global “Best” EHS program 

energy consumption by 50% vs. 2019, but the team’s 

within our organization. Sites are evaluated based on 

focus on environmental sustainability helped them to 

Beckman Coulter Life Sciences, Suzhou, China

several categories, including: 

• EHS MAT score

• Incident frequency and severity rates

• Regulatory notices of violations/fines

• On-time closure of audit findings

• DBS tool deployment

• Environmental sustainability performance

• Property risk protection

ultimately deliver a 30% reduction in 2021 vs. 2019—while 

still successfully growing the business.

EHS Audit Program 
In 2022, we updated our EHS audit process, with the 

goal of further enhancing our strong foundation of EHS 

compliance. Our updated audit process uses internal and 

external EHS auditing expertise and combines focused 

self-assessments with risk-based, on-site auditing 

by Danaher and independent third parties. The audit 

process covers jurisdiction-specific EHS regulatory 

requirements, with the objectives of identifying and 

correcting deficiencies as well as identifying and sharing 

best practices. Approximately 25% of our EHS significant 

sites undergo an in-person EHS audit each calendar year. 

Any observed deficiencies are documented, communicated 

to site leadership and tracked by corporate EHS to ensure 

timely closure.

EHS Training, Education  
and Best Practice Sharing  
In 2022, we expanded our EHS awareness training to 

EHS Information 
Management System 
We use a third party EHS information management 

cover a wider variety of EHS topics and target a broader 

system, Benchmark ESG, to collect and manage EHS 

audience of associates. This annual training is designed 

information globally, including:

to help ensure an understanding of EHS compliance 

obligations and actively promote an EHS culture 

•   EHS incident, severity, investigation and corrective 

of accountability and engagement and covers EHS 

action tracking

topics such as safety as a priority, common hazards, 

managing risks, workplace violence and incident/

• EHS performance metric reporting and tracking

accident protocols.

In 2021, we also established an EHS Community 

• Sustainability-related metric reporting and tracking

of Practice (CoP) to better leverage the collective 

•  An activity calendar for managing compliance and 

EHS leadership talent and domain expertise within 

other recurring tasks

Danaher’s global organization. The CoP meets on 

a regular basis to share best practices, help drive 

•  Tracking the remediation of incident, audit and 

Danaher’s EHS strategy and provide opportunities for 

inspection findings 

professional development.

GRI: 205-1, 403-1, 403-2, 403-5

46

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportENVIRONMENT

Our Operating Companies 
Lead the Way

Below we share a few examples of the ways our 

operating companies are leveraging our EHS 

management tools and resources to drive meaningful 

operational change.

Driving Energy Efficiency  
in Operations
Since 2019, Pall Life Sciences has held 15 
environmental sustainability kaizens and implemented 

over 90 improvement projects yielding total reductions 

of over 11,000 megawatt hours of energy consumption 

and 4,800 metric tons of CO2 emissions—the 

equivalent of $1.6 million in total savings. In 2021, Pall 

Life Sciences spent 13% less per revenue dollar on 

energy, gas and water compared to 2019.

Beckman Coulter Life Sciences reduced CO2 
emissions by more than 25% per revenue dollar in 2021 

vs. 2019 by deploying automated building management 

systems, converting to LED lighting and investing in 

high-efficiency HVAC systems.

Through a combination of energy kaizens and 

procuring renewable electricity from our suppliers, 
Leica Microsystems reduced absolute CO2 emissions 
by more than 30% in 2021 vs. 2019.

Generating Energy On-Site
Leica Microsystems’ facility in Wetzlar, Germany 
features an on-site natural gas combined heat and 

power (CHP) plant that supplies one-third of the 

facility’s annual electricity requirements (approximately 

1,300 megawatt hours) as well as heat for the facility. 

Hach’s facility in Berlin, Germany has installed a 
natural gas CHP plant, which provides heat for the 

facility while recovering electricity. This achieves nearly 

100% fuel efficiency as the system recovers both 

thermal and mechanical energy from fuel combustion.

Reducing Waste
In 2021, Leica Microsystems became the first Danaher 
operating company to be 100% “landfill free”—

reaching zero waste to landfill in non-hazardous waste 

operations. All Leica Microsystems non-hazardous 

waste streams are sent to recycling or incineration 

with energy recovery (where heat and/or electricity is 

generated from waste combustion).

As an early leader in circular economy, the Hach 
Environmental Center in Dusseldorf, Germany has 

been recycling used reagents from our customers 

since 1978. The facility accepts around 350 metric 

tons of returned reagents and packaging materials 

every year and recycles approximately 75% of these 

Cytiva’s facility in Uppsala, Sweden

Operationalizing  
Sustainability at Cytiva

Cytiva’s manufacturing facility in Uppsala, Sweden 

has invested over $4 million since 2019 toward 

sustainability initiatives including reducing water 

consumption and waste, energy recycling, and 

converting to renewable energy via solar panels. These 

initiatives encourage a sustainable mindset for all 

associates, showing it’s possible to produce the same 

high-quality products with fewer resources and waste. 

•  The site turns resin manufacturing waste into 

biogas, which is used to fuel the local municipal bus 

fleet. In 2021, Cytiva generated enough biogas to fuel 

two bus trips around the globe. 

•  A water reduction program helped the team reduce 

the amount of water used for resin production by 

approximately 25% in 2021 vs. 2019. With learnings 

from the pilot, Cytiva is working to replicate this 

process across other on-site production processes.

SITE RESULTS SINCE 2019:

•  Conducted 46 improvement projects focused on 

water savings

• Water efficiency +33%

• Energy efficiency +18%

• Total CO2 emissions (Scope 1 and 2) -22%

•  Equivalent of $2 million of annual cost savings

reagents and materials. The Hach Environmental 

Center was one of the early winners of the German 

Sustainability Award, in 2009.

In tandem with Pall Life Sciences’ tremendous 
business growth, the team has successfully reduced 

the percentage of non-hazardous/non-regulated waste 

sent to landfill from 43% in 2019 to 31% in 2021. Pall Life 

Sciences deployed the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit 

and held six waste minimization kaizens across Pall 

sites in 2021.  

SCIEX used the DBS Waste Minimization toolkit 
to identify an 86% reduction in landfill waste and, 

through collaboration with waste vendors, the team 

reduced non-hazardous waste sent to landfill by 54% 

compared to 2019.

Deploying DBS to Reduce 
Water Consumption
Cytiva’s site in Tonglu, China received “water saving 
exemplary enterprise” recognition from Zhejiang 

Province in 2021. Over the last few years, the site 

has invested more than $3 million to improve water 

efficiency and has reduced annual water consumption 

by more than 80% since 2016.

UN: SDG 6

47

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportENVIRONMENT

Helping Our Customers  
Reduce Their  
Environmental Impact

Below we share a few examples of the ways our operating companies’ innovative  

technologies are helping customers reduce their environmental impact.

Sea-Bird Scientific’s 19plusV2 SeaCAT in action in the Puget Sound near Seattle, Washington

Reducing Waste Through 
Packaging and Pallet 
Optimization
Esko’s Cape Pack package design and pallet optimization 
software helps customers maximize the number of boxes per 

pallet and truckload, reducing storage and transportation 

needs and ultimately reducing their environmental impact. 

In one application, Cape Pack facilitated changes to truck 

pallet height that increased the number of products per truck. 

This eliminated the need for 18,100 trucks on the road, 10,000 

gallons of gasoline and 909,000 trucking miles—equivalent 

to two round trips to the moon—and saved 3.4 million pounds 
of CO2. In another application, Cape Pack facilitated the 
replacement of shipping cases with trays that held 30% 

more product per pallet, reducing the customer’s paper 

consumption by over 23 tons.

Supporting Environmental 
Protection and Conservation
Oceans, seas and coastal areas cover more than two-thirds 

of the Earth’s surface and play a critical role in the health 

UN: SDG 6, 12

of our planet. The data gathered from Sea-Bird Scientific’s 
oceanographic instruments are key tools used across 

numerous international programs to better understand these 

vital ecosystems. International maritime agencies including 

Extending Product Life Span to 
Minimize Waste
Chromatography columns are essential for separating, 

extracting water from milk during the condensing process, 

which uses Trojan’s Aquafine UV disinfection system and 

the Hach BioTector TOC Analyzer to ensure the quality of 

the extracted water is high enough to reuse. These factories 

the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration 

purifying and quantifying impurities and metabolites in 

no longer consume water from the municipal supply or 

and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 

pharmaceutical and biologic drugs. When a chromatography 

produce wastewater that must be treated by municipal 

rely on these instruments for accurate and actionable data 

to better understand weather patterns, changes in ocean 

environments, and the implications of climate change.

Reducing Water Waste  
at Breweries
Water scarcity is a looming existential threat, as only 3% 

of the Earth’s water is freshwater. As global breweries 

shift toward sustainable beer production, reducing water 

consumption has become a key goal. Pall’s membrane 
filtration systems require fewer processing steps and 

column exceeds its life span, it loses stability, causing faulty 
separation of biological samples. Phenomenex’s Biozen® Size 
Exclusion Chromatography Column dSEC-2 has a life span 

up to 50% longer than other columns on the market. As a 

result, two Biozen dSEC-2 columns can do the job previously 

done by three, producing less waste and minimizing 

chromatography replacement time and costs.

Making “Zero Water”  
Factories Possible
To address global water scarcity and improve the 

systems and released into local waterways—a savings of 
more than 175,000m3 of water per year in each facility.

Award Winning Water 
Treatment Solutions
The annual U.S. Federal Energy and Water Management 

Awards recognize outstanding contributions in the areas 

of energy and water efficiency, resilience and technology 

achievements. ChemTreat’s advanced water treatment 
program was recognized for helping The National Institutes 

of Health (NIH) save 28 million gallons of water and 55.9 

generate higher clean water yield than conventional water 

sustainability of its operations, a global dairy company is 

billion Btu of natural gas in 2020, in addition to generating 

treatment filters. By reducing the amount of water retained 

working to eliminate water consumption and waste in its 

nearly $1 million in savings and promoting reliability, safety 

in the filter, which is not recoverable, Pall’s membrane 

filter systems can reduce water consumption by up to 75% 

compared to conventional filters. 

factories around the world. With the help of Hach, Trojan 
and Hexis, two facilities in Brazil are now “zero water” 
factories. A key element of the “zero water” process involves 

and regulatory compliance.

48

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFoundational Elements

Overlooking Yosemite Valley From Taft Point by Yvonne Chan, Cepheid associate

Ethics and Compliance

The Danaher Code of Conduct

Business Ethics

Medical Device Product Quality

51

52

53

57

Supply Chain Sustainability

Governance

Risk Oversight

Political Matters

62

64

67

70

49

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDanaher’s culture is rooted in a strong 
foundation of integrity and sound 
governance, and our sustainability 
program reflects this commitment. Our 
operating companies have developed 
trust with their associates, customers 
and local communities over decades. And 
at Danaher, we have always recognized 
the importance of reputation to our 
success, which is why we are committed to 
maintaining the highest ethical standards 
and complying with all applicable laws, 
wherever we do business. 

Sunset in the Mountains of Austria  
by Wolfgang Weinkum, Pall associate

50

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Ethics and Compliance  
at Danaher

Danaher’s integrity, reputation and successful execution of our ethics and compliance program priorities are key 

to our growth strategy. Studies have shown that organizations with strong reputations and compliance cultures 

attract better talent, are generally perceived by stakeholders as providing more value and have higher customer 

loyalty. An ethical workplace also helps build the trust necessary for our associates to innovate, engage at a high 

level and feel comfortable bringing forward any concerns.

Danaher is committed to doing business with integrity at every level of our organization. Our corporate ethics and 

compliance function is responsible for Danaher’s Code of Conduct and related policies and programs that govern 

how we interact with customers, colleagues, business partners, regulators and communities, and how we market 

our products and services. All Danaher operating companies are required to implement and comply with these 

policies and programs.

The Danaher Corporate 
Ethics and Compliance 
Function
A central, robust corporate ethics and compliance 

function reinforces our commitment to integrity. 

Danaher’s ethics and compliance program is led 

by our Vice President, Chief Ethics and Compliance 

Officer (CECO), who is responsible for developing, 

implementing, and maintaining Danaher’s ethics and 

compliance program. The CECO reports directly to 

Danaher’s Senior Vice President-General Counsel. 

Our centralized ethics and compliance function is 

supported by compliance leaders and teams embedded 

within Danaher’s businesses. The leadership of each 

of Danaher’s business platforms and of Danaher’s 

geographic regions conduct regular compliance 

reviews with their respective senior management teams 

to stay informed and track progress on key compliance 

priorities and KPIs.

In 2020, an internal team of compliance professionals 

evaluated our compliance program against the U.S. 

Department of Justice Criminal Division’s Evaluation of 

Corporate Compliance Programs guidance, published 

in June 2020. The team identified opportunities to 

further strengthen our program in the areas of risk 

assessment, communications, channel partner 

management and auditing/monitoring, and leveraged 

our DBS tools to implement these enhancements in 

2021 and 2022.

The responsibilities of our centralized, corporate ethics and compliance function include:

•  Developing and communicating policies 

•  Leveraging DBS tools to support Danaher’s ethics 

that convey Danaher’s expectations and 

and compliance program  

requirements relating to ethics and compliance 

•  Leveraging data analytics to identify and mitigate 

•  Supporting platform and operating company 

key ethics and compliance risks 

compliance teams and leaders 

•  Developing and overseeing implementation of 

function to manage our anti-corruption risk 

programs and campaigns that increase associates’ 

assessment and risk mitigation program 

•  Collaborating with Danaher’s internal audit 

ethical awareness  

•  Reporting quarterly to Danaher’s Audit Committee 

reporting helpline 

and at least annually to Danaher’s Board of Directors 

on Danaher’s ethics and compliance program 

•  Leading investigations into alleged misconduct

•  Managing our confidential Speak Up!  

•  Developing and implementing ethics and 

compliance training

GRI: 102-16, 102-17, 102-33, 205-1, 205-2
SASB: RT-EE-510a.1

Great Blue Heron in Hamilton Lakes, Greensboro, North Carolina 
 by Barb Schwartz, SCIEX associate

51

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

The Danaher Code of Conduct

Danaher’s Code of Conduct guides our everyday actions and interactions with internal and external stakeholders 

and is available in 19 languages. The Code requires all Danaher directors and associates to comply with all 

applicable laws, rules and regulations, provides specific guidance with respect to particular areas of ethics and 

compliance, and counsels our associates on how to deal with common compliance-related scenarios. The Code 

encourages our directors and associates to ask questions when unsure about any ethics or compliance issue and 

requires them to report actual or potential violations of law, our Code of Conduct or other Danaher policy. Finally, 

the Code of Conduct makes clear that Danaher will not tolerate retaliation against anyone who reports a problem in 

good faith, nor will we tolerate retaliation against anyone for participation in an investigation.   

Speak Up! Reports per 100 Associates

Percent of Reporters Self-Identifying 

1.5

1.3

1.5

1.4

1.3

1.4

42%

46% 46%

42%

46% 46%

1.0
ANNUAL 
2019 2020 2021
TARGET

2019 2020 2021

1.0
ANNUAL 
TARGET
2019 2020 2021

40%
ANNUAL 
2019 2020 2021
TARGET

40%
ANNUAL 
TARGET

Reporting Concerns
Per our Code of Conduct, ethics and compliance 

questions, suspected violations of law or policy 

or retaliation concerns can be raised through 

numerous channels, including managers, HR, legal or 

compliance department representatives, Danaher’s 

Board of Directors or the Speak Up! helpline. 

The Speak Up! call center and website are 

independent from Danaher and staffed by third-

party ethics and compliance specialists. Speak Up! 

is a confidential way for associates to ask questions, 

seek guidance and report possible violations of law 

or policy. In addition, we encourage our business 

partners and other third parties who interact with us 

to report compliance concerns through Speak Up! 

We publicize Speak Up! through an annual internal 

communications campaign, and information about 

Speak Up! is prominently available in our Code of 

Conduct, in our offices and facilities, and on our 

intranet and public website. 

Our associates and business partners may use Speak 

reviews, adverse impact on paid incentive compensation 

deviation from either of these indicators, either at the 

Up! 24 hours a day, 7 days a week. When a concern 

and/or termination of employment. Associate trust 

Danaher level or in specific associate groups, we use 

is reported by phone, the operator will listen, ask 

in the Speak Up! program is fundamental to our 

DBS tools (particularly the Problem Solving Process) as 

questions if necessary and then write a summary 

compliance program. We track two key metrics to 

appropriate to develop and implement countermeasures.

in job responsibilities or title, discussion in performance 

To the extent we identify a sustained and significant 

report. Phone numbers are available for over 60 

measure the level of trust that our associates have in 

countries. Associates can also file complaints or submit 

the program:

inquiries electronically through www.danaherintegrity.

com, which is available in 17 languages. Reporters 

can choose to submit their concerns to Speak 

Up! anonymously, where allowed by local law. All 

• Each year (including 2022), we target at least one 
    Speak Up! report for every 100 Danaher associates 
    as an indication that associates feel comfortable 

complaints and inquiries submitted through Speak 

   raising their concerns. We evaluate this metric 

Up!, whether by phone or electronically, are provided to 

   overall and by specific associate groups.  

Danaher for assessment and further action.

Danaher’s corporate ethics and compliance function 

their willingness to self-identify as an indicator of 

tracks and oversees all reported concerns from 

trust and confidence in the program. We believe that 

investigation to resolution. In 2021, we received and 

investigated over 980 reports. Where appropriate we 

took disciplinary action, including coaching, changes 

having more than 40% of Speak Up! reporters self-
identify each year is an indicator of the health of our 
program (this is an annual goal, including for 2022). 

•   When associates use the Speak Up! Helpline, we view 

Corporate Internal Audit Support
Danaher has a robust corporate internal audit function 

tasked with validating that proper accounting and 

accounting-related controls exist throughout Danaher. 

The corporate internal audit function regularly conducts 

extensive internal audits to ensure that Danaher’s 

externally reported financial statements are properly 

prepared according to U.S. Generally Accepted 

Accounting Principles and to validate the effectiveness of 

the company’s internal controls over financial reporting.

Our internal audit team also coordinates with Danaher’s 

corporate ethics and compliance function to quantitatively 

rank our business locations from a risk perspective and 

develop data-driven risk mitigation plans. 

GRI: 102-16, 102-17, 102-33
SASB: RT-EE-510a.1

52

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Business Ethics

Well-established, Danaher-wide policies and programs (including the Code of Conduct) reinforce our culture of 

integrity within the workplace. These include the ethics and compliance systems described in this report and, 

in some cases, the use of data analytics to identify and mitigate risks. We look to industry best practices and 

benchmarks to track our performance against our peers. Danaher’s ethics and compliance team works closely with 

the legal, human resources, internal audit, finance and other functions at all levels of our organization to monitor 

and help ensure ethical business practices. 

Measuring Associates’ Ethics 
and Compliance Performance
Every Danaher associate is personally accountable for 

People leaders have heightened responsibility to 

promote a culture of integrity, transparency and 

humility. As part of our annual Engagement Survey, 

associates have the opportunity to quantitatively 

following our ethics and compliance policies. Instills 

and qualitatively rate their manager’s performance 

Trust is one of the four Core Behaviors that guide the 

on the Instills Trust Core Behavior. Managers receive 

annual performance reviews that are part of our P4G 

this feedback and create action plans to address 

program. This Core Behavior emphasizes maintaining 

opportunities to improve.

Danaher’s core ethics and values, conducting oneself 

with humility and cultivating a culture of transparency. 

Associates self-assess and managers numerically score 

associate performance with respect to this element 

annually. The Core Behavior score an associate receives 

directly impacts their compensation. 

Assessing Associate Trust in 
the Ethics and Compliance 
Culture
Every year, we ask Danaher associates to rate our ethics 

and compliance culture as part of our Engagement 

Survey. Leaders across our platforms and operating 

companies leverage those results to develop action 

plans and drive improvement, as necessary. 

% OF IN-SCOPE ASSOCIATES WHO  
COMPLETED CODE OF CONDUCT AND 
RELATED CERTIFICATION

2021

99%

2019

98%

2020

98%

GRI: 102-16, 102-17, 205-1, 205-2
SASB: RT-EE-510a.1

Rapeseed by Jessika Schugardt, OTT HydroMet associate

53

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Empowering Associates Through Ethics  
and Compliance Training
Each year, all full-time and part-time associates in administrative, business, technical, professional, management and 

In general, any associate who fails to complete the required ethics and compliance training in a given year can achieve a 

executive career categories (the online training job categories) are required to take Code of Conduct training. In addition, 

score on the Instills Trust Core Behavior of no more than 2 out of 5 (if they fail to complete one required training course) 

in most countries where we operate, we also require associates to certify that they have complied with the Code of 

or 1 out of 5 (if they fail to complete two or more required training courses). We may withhold advancement opportunities, 

Conduct. Code of Conduct training is also provided when associates join Danaher as new hires or through acquisitions, 

further recognition or monetary bonuses from, or terminate, associates who do not meet our expectations with respect to 

and live Code of Conduct training is provided in certain cases for our shop floor and manufacturing associates. In 

integrity and compliance. 

addition, associates are assigned training on various, specific ethics and compliance topics as part of the Danaher 

Annual Training Program. This program helps all associates understand their obligations under the law, the expectation 

Our culture of integrity is built and maintained by all associates, but our leaders carry an additional responsibility. To 

to act ethically and how to manage the risks inherent in their job function. In 2021, the Annual Training Program included 

ensure that our people leaders understand their role in building a culture of integrity, ethical leadership training is 

the following training courses applicable to associates in the online training job categories (specific courses assigned 

included in the Leadership Development Program for newly promoted mid-level and senior leaders. These sessions are 

are based on the associate’s role and level):

facilitator-led, scenario-based, and rooted in real Danaher leader experiences.

Danaher Job Family

Anticorruption and  
Antibribery

Antitrust  
Law: An Overview

Conflicts  
of Interest

Danaher  
Code of  
Conduct

Data Privacy  
and Protection

Environment, Health, 
and Safety Awareness

An Introduction to 
Insider Trading

Off Label Promotions: 
Advertising 
 and Marketing

Creating a 
Harassment-Free 
Workplace

Quality  
Systems Regulation

Trade  
Sanctions: An 
Overview

Understanding 
Information Security 
and Protection

Supply Chain 
Sustainability
US only in 2021;  
Global in 2022

Administrative

Aviation

Business Development 
Strategy

Communications

Customer Support

Danaher Business  
System Group

Engineering

Environmental  
Health & Safety

Facilities

Finance & Accounting

Human Resources

Information Technology

Legal

Management

Manufacturing & 
Operations

Marketing

Project/Program 
Management

Quality and  
Regulatory Affairs

Sales

Science

Supply Chain & Logistics

GRI: 102-16, 102-17, 205-2
SASB: RT-EE-510a.1

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

X

54

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportCHANNEL PARTNER MANAGEMENT 

• Our third-party sales partners are required to 

FOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Countering Bribery  
and Corruption
Bribery and corruption are risks for all global enterprises. 

Preventing, detecting and responding to these risks, as  

well as maintaining accurate books and records, is a  

critical priority for Danaher and its platforms and  

operating companies.

All Danaher associates must comply with all applicable 

laws and regulations, and all Danaher policies and 

processes, relating to anti-bribery and anti-corruption.

ANTI-CORRUPTION POLICY

Our Anti-Corruption Policy requires that we abide by the 

anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws of the countries in 

which we operate. The Danaher Anti-Corruption Policy 

prohibits Danaher associates and representatives from 

improperly making, offering, providing or authorizing the 

provision of anything of value to third parties to affect 

a decision or secure an advantage in order to obtain 

or retain business. In addition, our Code of Conduct 

explicitly forbids facilitation payments.

GIFTS & ENTERTAINMENT POLICY

CUSTOMER TRIP AND ENTERTAINMENT 
POLICY AND PROCEDURE

We also evaluate and monitor the ethics and compliance 

The Danaher Customer Trip and Entertainment Policy 

of our third-party sales partners, such as distributors, 

and Procedure sets forth the criteria that must be met 

through our Channel Partner Management compliance 

for Danaher to arrange for customer travel, including a 

program. This program includes the following elements:

legitimate Danaher business purpose and permissibility 

under applicable law and other relevant Danaher polices. 

•  Our Channel Partner Code of Conduct articulates our 

DANAHER ANTI-BRIBERY AND CORRUPTION 
RISK ASSESSMENT 

Danaher’s corporate ethics and compliance function 

manages our Anti-Bribery and Corruption Risk Assessment 

(ABC), with support from the operating company legal 

and compliance functions and in cooperation with our 

internal audit, commercial and finance functions. The 

ABC consists of an annual risk assessment process that 

evaluates and quantifies bribery and corruption risk at 

every operating company based on criteria including the 

Corruption Perceptions Index (a publicly available index 

that ranks countries by their perceived levels of public 

sector corruption), revenue by country, historical internal 

audit performance, business model and management 

input. Assessments of ethical culture and evidence 

of management commitment to compliance are also 

key factors in determining the final risk rating of each 

ethics and compliance expectations and requirements 

of our sales channel partners. 

•  We conduct due diligence on our third-party sales 

partners to help ensure adherence to our Code 

of Conduct and reduce risk before the partner is 

approved to conduct business on behalf of Danaher. 

Diligence is risk-based and repeated at periodic 

intervals. 

•  Our third-party sales partners (and many of our other 

third-party intermediaries) are required to complete our 

ABC program training, which is a condition to a Danaher 

operating company entering into or renewing a contract 

with such partner.  

Danaher competes for business on our merits. The 

operating company. The results of the ABC risk assessment 

Danaher Gift & Entertainment Policy prohibits providing 

drive the selection and application of anti-corruption 

gifts and entertainment to secure business. Danaher 

auditing, monitoring and risk-mitigation activities across 

associates may not give or receive gifts and entertainment 

our operating companies. The leadership of each operating 

as a quid pro quo for selecting a particular supplier. 

company is responsible for the timely completion of all 

Additional restrictions apply to gifts and entertainment 

countermeasures resulting from the ABC risk assessment. 

provided to government officials.

GRI: 102-16, 205-2
SASB: RT-EE-510a.1

  complete an annual certification of their compliance 

  with the Danaher Channel Partner Code of Conduct 

  as well as all applicable laws and regulations.  

• We employ artificial intelligence to continuously 

  monitor our third-party sales partners for legal or 

  reputational issues that may surface through various 

  channels, including watch lists, sanctions, court 

  filings or media.  

• We proactively audit select third-party sales 

  partners to ensure their ongoing commitment 

  to Danaher’s Channel Partner Code of Conduct. 

  Partners are assessed as part of our ABC program 

  and selected for proactive audit based on key 

  risk criteria including sales volume, Corruption 

  Perception Index in the countries where the partner 

  operates on behalf of the operating company, any

  red flags identified during Danaher’s due diligence 

  process and ongoing monitoring, whether the 

  partner does business with government entities, 

  and country- or region-specific trends.

Day Break by Scott Langley,  
Danaher Corporate associate

Photo Credit

55

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
FOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Competition and Trade Compliance
Many countries have laws governing fair competition as well as how products and services are moved in or out  

Additionally, U.S. export control regulations are intended to ensure that certain products and technologies are not sold to 

actors who could use them for inappropriate purposes, and many other countries have similar laws. The Danaher Export 

of country. Danaher has implemented a number of policies, training, and processes to mitigate risks relating to these laws.

Compliance Policy describes the types of transactions subject to export control laws globally and the processes Danaher has 

instituted to help ensure compliance.  

ANTITRUST

It is Danaher’s policy to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations against unfair competition. The Danaher 

Antitrust Policy addresses compliance with the U.S. federal antitrust laws, notes activities that may lead to antitrust law 

violations and highlights areas where European competition law may differ from U.S. law.

Associates in applicable functions receive training on trade compliance and sanctions at least every other year as part of the 

Annual Training Program. In addition, Danaher requires its businesses to screen all parties to a transaction before export, 

using a reputable screening provider, to ensure compliance with applicable trade compliance regulations.     

IMPORT AND EXPORT

The countries in which we operate typically regulate how goods are imported and exported. Danaher’s Policy Regarding 

Worldwide Import Regulations provides guidance on these regulations and requires each operating company to implement 

applicable policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws.

Ocean Waves in Ucluelet, B.C. by Mark Ma, Precision NanoSystems associate

GRI: 102-16
SASB: RT-EE-510a.1

Photo Credit

56

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Medical Device Product Quality

Regulatory Framework; 
Danaher Risk Profile
Danaher’s subsidiaries design, manufacture and sell 

(which includes 100% of sites that are required to 

be ISO 13485 certified as a result of the geographies 

where they distribute medical products) and 33 also 

participate in the MDSAP. 111 of our manufacturing 

life sciences, medical diagnostics, water quality and 

and/or design sites are also certified to ISO 9001 

product identification products and solutions. Some 

Quality Management Systems Requirements.  

of these products are medical devices regulated 

by the FDA, and by similar regulatory agencies in 

The risk profile of our medical device portfolio differs 

other countries. Our medical device manufacturing 

from that of many of our medical device peers. Our 

sites are required to adhere to all applicable quality 

medical devices consist primarily of products used 

system regulations and requirements, including the 

to collect, prepare, organize and examine specimens 

U.S. Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) 

in vitro. Medical professionals may take into account 

requirements set forth in the FDA’s Quality Systems 

results generated from our products, often with 

Regulation (QSR) and in Europe and other countries 

other factors, in diagnosing and treating patients. 

around the world, the ISO Medical Devices – Quality 

By comparison, many of our medical device peers 

Management Standard (ISO 13485) and the Medical 

primarily produce medical devices that are implanted 

Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP). 

As of April 2022, Danaher’s subsidiaries had 

into or applied to the human body, which may carry 

greater potential risk of injury to the human body.

approximately 169 global sites that manufacture and/

The FDA’s risk classification of our medical devices 

or design products. Of these sites, 57 are registered 

illustrates that with few exceptions, our medical devices 

with the FDA and the remaining 112 sites do not 

are classified as low or medium risk. The chart to the 

Product Identification

manufacture or design medical products and are not 

right categorizes the FDA-registered sites of Danaher’s 

registered with the FDA. Of the 57 FDA-registered 

subsidiaries based on the risk classification of the 

Total

sites, 49 also hold current ISO 13485 certifications 

devices produced at the site:

Cherry Blossoms in Negishi, Japan by Midori Sasao, Cytiva associate

FDA Registered Sites of Danaher’s Subsidiaries 
FDA Registered Sites of Danaher’s Subsidiaries 
Classified by Highest-Risk Device Produced at Site (as of April 2022) 
Classified by Highest-Risk Device Produced at Site (as of April 2022) 

Platform

High (III)

Medium (II)

Low (I)

Total Registered Sites

Diagnostics

Life Sciences

Water Quality

3

_

_

_

3

27

9

1

_

37

8

9

_

_

17

38

18

1

_

57

GRI: 102-12, 417-1, 419-1

57

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Centralized Compliance Standards and Controls
The Danaher Code of Conduct requires that the medical devices we make and sell strictly comply with all 

applicable laws, rules, and regulations. To help ensure compliance, we deploy common Quality Management 

Systems (QMS) standards and controls across our medical device operating companies to drive the safety and 

effectiveness of these products and services. Below are highlights of these standards and controls.

We regularly review and 
update our regulatory, 
quality and clinical 
affairs KPIs as needed 
to support continuous 
improvement.

KPI-related goals are established annually for each 

medical device operating company, and we leverage 

our suite of DBS tools to help us meet them. Danaher’s 

executive leadership reviews our regulatory, quality 

and clinical affairs KPIs on a regular basis, in addition 

to established QMS reviews by our operating company 

CORPORATE AUDIT PROGRAMS 

REGULATORY, QUALITY  
AND CLINICAL AFFAIRS KPIs 

We require our medical device operating companies 

to regularly track and report KPIs designed to provide 

transparency, drive accountability, and measure the 

health of our Quality Management System (QMS). 

These required KPIs focus on pre-market and post-

market product and QMS performance and cover a 

range of areas including:

• Internal and external audits, including tracking and  

  trending of audit observations

• Supplier and internal corrective and preventive 

  actions (CAPA), including the timeliness and  

  effectiveness of the CAPA process

• Complaints and external defects, including the 

  number of complaints received and defects  

  identified, and the amount of time before such  

  matters are addressed

• Recalls and adverse events, including quantity  

  and trending

leadership.

We regularly review and update our regulatory, 

quality and clinical affairs KPIs as needed to support 

continuous improvement. These reviews and updates 

are rooted in DBS principles and leverage the expertise 

and perspectives of regulatory, quality and clinical 

affairs professionals across Danaher. Recent updates 

have focused on reflecting regulatory changes 

around the world and seeking to ensure that our KPI’s 

reflect best standards recommended by industry and 

standard-setting organizations. 

Danaher’s corporate staff annually audits our FDA-

registered sites for compliance with the FDA’s CGMP and 

ISO requirements. These audits cover design control, 

product testing, supplier evaluation and monitoring, 

medical device reporting, recalls, FDA establishment 

Seal Sighting in Oahu, Hawaii by Jennifer Proto, Aldevron associate

management, are required to participate in annual 

training covering compliance with CGMP and laws 

governing the advertising and promotion of our products.

MEMBERSHIP IN EXTERNAL 
ASSOCIATIONS/PARTNERSHIPS

registrations, device listings and ethical marketing, 

Danaher, including its subsidiaries, participates in 

advertising and sales procedures. With respect to our 

a variety regulatory, quality and clinical industry 

medical device sites regulated by comparable regulators 

associations at the company and individual levels 

in other countries, the corporate audit staff typically 

including memberships in the Regulatory Affairs 

includes those applicable regulatory requirements in their 

Professional Society and the American Society for Quality.

audit protocols, including the ISO 13485 standard and 

MDSAP requirements as applicable.

PRODUCT SAFETY POLICY

ANNUAL COMPLIANCE TRAINING 

The KPI and auditing controls described above 

are bolstered by CGMP-specific annual training 

requirements. All associates employed by our medical 

device operating companies, including senior 

Danaher’s Product Safety Policy articulates Danaher’s 

expectations and requirements with respect to the 

provision of safe and effective products and services.

GRI: 102-12, 102-13, 102-16, 417-1, 419-1

58

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
 
Foundation

Monument Valley at Dawn, Arizona/Utah State Line by Andrew Judd, Cytiva associate

Regulatory Inspections
As a medical device manufacturer, our manufacturing facilities are subject to inspection on a routine basis by the 

FDA and by similar regulatory agencies in other countries.  The FDA and independent certification organizations 

designated by non-U.S. regulatory authorities audit or inspect Danaher registered medical device sites using a 

risk-based process, taking into account the risk profile of the products manufactured by the site. In connection 

with an inspection, the FDA may issue Form 483 Inspectional Observations, Warning Letters, and/or consent 

decrees, which list conditions or practices that may indicate a violation of the FDA’s requirements. Danaher’s 

goal each year (including 2022) is to have zero FDA Form 483 Inspectional Observations, Warning Letters and 

consent decrees. The chart below illustrates our FDA inspection performance from 2019 through 2021: 

FDA Inspection Results

Recalls
A medical device recall can include actions ranging from a labeling change or an in-field correction to a  

partial or full removal of the product from the market, depending on the nature of the issue and the risk to 

public health. Medical device recalls are typically conducted voluntarily by the manufacturer but may also  

be mandated by FDA. Recalls are required to be reported to FDA if the recall was initiated to reduce a risk to 

health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of applicable law caused by the device which may present  

a risk to health. FDA classifies recalls as Class I (highest risk), Class II or Class III (lowest risk) based on the 

relative degree of health hazard posed by the recall. The table below illustrates our FDA recall activity from 2019 

through 2021:

FDA Recall Activity

Consent Decrees

Warning Letters

483 Observations

Class I

Class II

Class III

Total U.S. Recalls

FDA Initiated

2021

2020

2019

0

0

0

0

0

0

2

0

4

2021

2020

2019

0

0

0

18

22

17

0

1

0

18

23

17

0

0

0

Seizures/Consent 
Decrees
0

0

0

Note: Recalls are reflected in the year the applicable Danaher operating company initiated and reported the recall to the FDA

GRI: 102-16, 417-1, 419-1
SASB: HC-MS-250a.1, HC-MS-250a.4

59

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportDanaher Reliability System
We deploy a common framework and suite of processes 

across Danaher’s operating companies (including our 

medical device companies) to drive product quality 

and reliability, known as the Danaher Reliability System 

(DRS), a foundational tool in the DBS toolbox. The DRS 

spans the product lifecycle and consists of six pillars: 

• Leadership focus on reliability

• Design for reliability

• Supplier quality management

• Manufacturing process control

• Customer service and support

• Customer defect tracking and resolution 

The DRS supports and incorporates the medical 

device regulatory requirements described above and 

exceeds them, with the goal of driving world-class 

reliability. For example, the design for reliability pillar 

addresses regulatory compliance as well as compliance 

with internationally recognized third-party standards 

recommended by organizations such as the International 

Electrotechnical Commission, the International 

Organization for Standardization and the Canadian 

Standards Association. The customer defect tracking and 

resolution pillar leverages DBS to ensure that identified 

defects are successfully and quickly addressed. 

Ethical Marketing, 
Advertising and Sales
Danaher’s Product Marketing, Advertising and 

Promotion Policy applies globally to all Danaher 

medical device and life sciences businesses. The policy 

requires that marketing, advertising, promotional, 

scientific and sales (MAPSS) materials be reviewed and 

approved before use in accordance with the policy and 

applicable law, comply with all applicable laws, include 

only accurate and substantiated information about 

FOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Danaher and competitor products, avoid false, deceptive 

or misleading information, promote only the intended 

use of the product as legally authorized, and avoid 

off-label claims. Danaher’s Code of Conduct reinforces 

these requirements by mandating that we promote 

our medical products solely based on their approved 

labeling, that we sell our products through accurate 

and truthful communications, and that all information 

about our medical products be truthful, balanced and 

supported by data and relevant experience.

The MAPSS policy also requires that all associates of 

Danaher medical device and life sciences businesses in 

marketing, advertising, promotional, scientific or sales 

roles be periodically trained on ethical marketing, as set 

forth in the policy and applicable laws (as noted above, 

Danaher deploys such training annually). In particular, 

all in-scope associates are trained and tested annually 

on the then-current regulations applicable to MAPSS 

materials as well as content specific to the associate’s 

particular job function. In addition, the MAPSS policy 

also requires Danaher’s corporate staff to audit all our 

medical device manufacturing and/or design facilities 

for compliance with the MAPSS policy and applicable 

law at approximately 18-month intervals (although 

certain facilities may be audited more or less frequently 

based on status, importance to the business and audit 

history). Each Danaher Executive Vice President with 

oversight responsibility for one or more of our medical 

device or life sciences businesses has managerial 

responsibility for their business’ compliance with the 

MAPSS requirements described above.

In 2021, Danaher incurred no 
monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with false 
marketing claims.

GRI: 102-16, 102-20, 417-1, 417-3, 419-1
SASB: HC-MS-270a.1, HC-MS-270a.2

Mother Nature at Her Best by Lim Wee Chin, IDT associate

60

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Ethical Interactions with 
Healthcare Professionals
Danaher’s Code of Conduct requires that we comply 

• In the U.S., each of our healthcare companies 

  publishes aggregated financial data under the 

  Physician Payments Sunshine Act, a national 

  disclosure program that is part of the Centers for 

with all applicable laws and regulations that govern 

  Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS) and promotes 

our promotional activities and our educational and 

  transparency around the financial relationships 

commercial relationships with healthcare professionals. 

  between healthcare providers and manufacturers 

In addition, our medical device and life sciences 

  of drugs, medical devices and biologics. 

businesses belong to various industry associations 

  Disclosures are also made based on specific  

that promulgate industry-specific ethical frameworks, 

  state requirements. 

including the Advanced Medical Technology Association 

•  In Europe, we are committed to complying with the 

(AdvaMed), a global medical device trade association, and 

Disclosure Guidelines of the MedTech Europe Code 

MedTech Europe, a European trade association for the 

of Ethical Business Practice as well as  

medical technology industry. 

country-specific disclosure laws such as the 

French Sunshine Act (Loi Bertrand), Italian 

• All of our Diagnostics businesses have committed 

Sunshine Act (based on the Assobiomedica Code), 

  to comply with AdvaMed’ s Code of Ethics on 

and Decree Law 5-2017 of the Portuguese  

  Interactions with Healthcare Professionals, which 

Ministry of Health. 

  addresses appropriate activity with healthcare 

• Other countries or regions in Asia Pacific, Latin 

  professionals (HCPs). 

  America, the Middle East and Africa have similar 

  • Our European Diagnostics businesses have 

  legal or industry code requirements that we make 

  also committed to comply with the MedTech 

  disclosures pursuant to.

  Europe Code of Ethical Business Practice, which 

  regulates all aspects of the industry’s relationship 

Our Sustainability Policy also articulates our support 

  with HCPs and healthcare organizations to help

for the overall principles of greater clinical trial data 

  ensure such interactions are ethical  

transparency, including registration and disclosure of 

  and professional.

clinical trial results in external registries, publication of 

results in peer-reviewed journals and sharing of clinical 

Danaher associates whose businesses interact with 

study reports and participant-level data from clinical 

HCPs receive information and training about the above 

trials. Clinical trials conducted around the world by our 

requirements in a number of ways, including online 

businesses are listed on the U.S. National Institutes of 

and in-person trainings and periodic communications. 

Health’s website, www.clinicaltrials.gov, the European 

Little Pond in Gilden State Park, San Francisco, California by Suzana Tulac, Cepheid associate

In addition to adherence to the ethical frameworks referenced above, we require all associates who market directly to healthcare 

professionals to follow these Danaher policies.

•  Healthcare Professionals Interaction Policy: Addresses the 

and other online platforms to advertise and promote 

standards for conducting events with HCPs in attendance 

products and services. 

as well as engaging HCPs to provide services.

•  Clinical Trial Conduct and Transparency Policy: Articulates 

• MedTech Gift and Entertainment Policy: Promotes 

Danaher’s expectations and requirements relating to the 

  compliance with all applicable regulations and 

conduct and transparency of clinical trials.

  rules that govern interactions with HCPs.

• Product Safety Policy 

•  Social Media Guidelines for FDA-Regulated Operating 

Companies: Addresses information used on social media 

Ethical Research & Development Practices
Danaher is committed to conducting research in an ethical and responsible manner.  

We have adopted policies that address:

•  The humane care and use of animals, including a 

we are also committed to operating according 

commitment to the three principles of “replacement, 

to the Guidelines for Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) and 

reduction and refinement” and the use of Institutional 

Good Manufacturing Practices (GMP), the Declaration of 

Animal Care and Use Committees (or international 

Helsinki International Ethical Guidelines for Biomedical 

equivalents) to  advise on, assess and approve animal 

Research Involving Human Subjects and applicable 

testing protocols and procedures; and

privacy and data protection standards. We seek to promote 

We also support industry initiatives and regulatory 

Clinical Trials Register, and country-specific and regional 

•  Bioethics and the responsible use of emerging 

bioethical awareness within Danaher and promote ethical 

requirements to make information about certain 

registries worldwide.

payments or transfers of value to HCPs publicly 

available, and this commitment to transparency is 

codified in our Sustainability Policy.

GRI: 102-12, 102-13, 102-16, 417-1, 419-1
SASB: HC-MS-510a.2, HC-BP-210a.1

technologies, including a commitment to 

research, safeguarding the integrity of the scientific 

transparency with (and listening to feedback 

process and protecting patients’ rights while responsibly 

from) our customers and other stakeholders, and 

identifying and addressing issues related to biotechnology 

consideration of risks and benefits in light of the 

research and development.

information available. With respect to bioethics, 

61

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Supply Chain Sustainability

Danaher maintains an extensive, complex network of 

supplier relationships that are critical to our success. In 

2021, we conducted business with over 80,000 suppliers 

globally, and our supply chain spending exceeded $9 

Supplier Risk Assessment/ 
Risk Management 
We have a rigorous supply chain risk assessment/risk 

billion—a reach that offers us the opportunity to drive our 

management program that incorporates supplier financial 

sustainability values across a footprint far broader than our 

and risk data from external providers as well as Danaher 

direct operations. As a result, we view our supply chain as 

internal data. Key elements of the program include  

an extension of our own business and expect our suppliers 

the following:

to share our values. While recognizing differences in laws, 

Life Renewed, Cliffs of Moher, Ireland by Katie Bartley, Beckman Coulter associate

Sustainability Due Diligence, 
Assessment and Monitoring
We have partnered with EcoVadis, a globally recognized 

EcoVadis requires verifiable, objective evidence to support 

its ratings, including documented evidence of policies, 

implementation of measures and actions including 

training and procedures, and tracking of KPIs; the supplier’s 

provider of business sustainability assessments and 

endorsement of key, external sustainability initiatives; and 

customs and acceptable practices around the world, we 

•  All Tier 1 direct material suppliers (as well as critical Tier 

ratings, to assess and monitor our direct and indirect 

third-party certifications such as ISO certifications. In 

believe shared values are the cornerstone of supplier 

2+ direct material suppliers and critical indirect suppliers) 

supplier sustainability performance. In 2022, we anticipate 

particular, in-scope suppliers are monitored on a real-time 

relationships and we articulate our expectations through 

are scored based on their impact on Danaher’s revenues, 

that EcoVadis will assess and rate suppliers representing 

basis with respect to specific KPIs including U.S. Global 

the following policies:

the supplier’s financial health and any Danaher source 

limitations with respect to the supplied product.

approximately 50% of our annual supplier spend, including 

Compact signatory status; CDP participation; the existence 

Danaher’s preferred suppliers (“preferred suppliers” are 

of a formal sustainability policy; the existence of an active 

•  Supplier Code of Conduct; Sets forth the requirements 

•  Danaher engages a third party to continuously monitor 

suppliers whom Danaher’s subsidiaries have targeted for 

whistleblower procedure and policies on anti-corruption 

and expectations we have of our suppliers with respect 

media and other publicly available data sources to 

growth because they offer the opportunity for a high level 

and bribery; extent of ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certification 

to legal compliance and ethical business practices.

identify risks relating to its direct material suppliers. 

of strategic and operational value). EcoVadis’ supplier 

coverage; public reporting on energy consumption, GHG 

•  Sustainable Supply Chain Policy; Details Danaher’s 

The monitoring encompasses dozens of risk categories, 

assessments and ratings address a wide range of  

requirements and expectations with respect to the 

including financial, weather-related, cyber, geopolitical 

topics including:

extension of our sustainability values across our  

and other risk types.

supply chain. 

•  We require any supplier who exceeds a specified risk 

• Energy consumption and GHG emissions

•  Conflict Minerals Policy Statement; Sets forth our rules 

assessment score to develop and implement a risk 

designed to avoid the sourcing of minerals that finance 

management plan (RMP). The RMP may include 

or benefit armed groups in the Democratic Republic of 

financial monitoring, business continuity planning, 

the Congo (DRC) or in adjoining countries.

supplier training/development, additional contractual 

Danaher’s Vice President of Global Procurement and Supply 

•  We require any supplier whose revenue impact and 

Chain, who reports to Danaher’s Executive Vice President 

source limitation scores exceed a specified level to 

provisions and tooling assessments. 

• Water consumption

• Biodiversity

• Supplier environmental practices

• Product use and product end-of-life

• Customer health and safety

• Employee health and safety

• Working conditions

emissions and health and safety indicators; and sustainability-

related audits or assessments. EcoVadis also tracks reporting 

from sources including media, governments, trade unions 

and non-governmental organizations (NGOs) for evidence of 

developments or controversies relating to suppliers.

The EcoVadis rating a Danaher supplier receives could 

impact the frequency of subsequent EcoVadis assessments 

or could require the supplier to develop a Corrective Action 

Plan targeting specific improvement, among other impacts. 

Please refer to our Sustainable Supply Chain Policy for 

and Chief Financial Officer, is responsible for Danaher’s 

develop and implement a supplier emergency  

• Career management and training

additional details. 

supply chain sustainability program.

response plan.

• Child labor, forced labor and human trafficking

We have implemented the following management programs 

program status for their respective businesses on a 

• Supplier social practices

•  Danaher and operating company leaders review the 

• Diversity, discrimination and harassment

to help mitigate risk, support product quality and drive our 

regular basis.

sustainability values in our supply chain. 

GRI: 102-9, 102-20, 303-1, 407-1, 408-1, 409-1, 414-1, 414-2
SASB: HC-MS-430a.3

• Human rights

• Corruption and anticompetitive practices

• Responsible information management

62

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
FOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Mitigating Forced Labor Risk 
in Our Supply Chain
Danaher’s corporate trade compliance function 

screens Danaher’s suppliers on a quarterly basis using 

a tool that aggregates publicly available data and 

government-provided information regarding suppliers 

who may be implicated in the use of forced labor. While 

the screening tool is not necessarily comprehensive 

due to the fragmented nature of the available data, it is 

an important asset in Danaher’s efforts to mitigate the 

risk of forced labor in our supply chain.

Supplier Quality 
Management 
One of the key elements of the Danaher Reliability 

System is the Supplier Quality Management (SQM) 

process, which applies across Danaher and its 

operating companies. The iterative elements of SQM 

include criteria for supplier qualification and processes 

to measure and monitor supplier performance, 

implement corrective actions and improve supplier 

performance. Where appropriate we provide training 

and other development support to improve supplier 

performance, which may include supplier corrective 

action plans, supplier development plans, DBS-

based improvement activities, process audits and/or 

business reviews. In our medical device businesses, 

the SQM both supports and incorporates applicable 

medical device regulatory requirements, including 

supplier audits where required. Danaher’s corporate 

procurement function monitors KPIs relating to the 

SQM performance of its operating companies on a 

monthly basis.

Training and Education
All Danaher procurement associates are required to 

complete annual training on human rights awareness, 

risk management and other sustainable supply 

chain topics, including human trafficking, labor and 

employment rights, employee health and safety, 

responsible environmental practices, anti-corruption, 

business ethics and data and IP protection.

Conflict Minerals
Danaher is committed to complying with the 

Organization for Economic Co-operation and 

Development Due Diligence Guidance for 

Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-

Affected and High-Risk Areas, as well as Section 

1502 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which aims to prevent 

the use of minerals that directly or indirectly finance 

or benefit armed groups in the DRC or in adjoining 

countries (“conflict minerals”).

Suppliers to Danaher are required to commit to being 

or becoming “conflict-free” (meaning they do not 

source conflict minerals) and sourcing only from 

conflict-free smelters. Danaher requires suppliers to 

provide completed Responsible Minerals Initiative 

Conflict Minerals Reporting Template declarations 

detailing their commitment to becoming conflict-

free and documenting countries of origin for any tin, 

tantalum, tungsten and gold purchased. 

Supply Chain  
Continuity Planning
Danaher’s manufacturing operations employ a wide 

variety of raw materials, including metallic-based 

components, electronic components, chemistries, 

OEM products, plastics and other petroleum-based 

products. Prices of oil and gas also affect our costs for 

freight and utilities. . Danaher purchases raw materials 

from many independent sources around the world. No 

single supplier is significant to Danaher as a whole, 

although for some components that require particular 

specifications or regulatory or other qualifications 

there may be a single supplier or a limited number 

of suppliers that can readily provide them.  Danaher 

utilizes a number of techniques to address potential 

disruption in and other risks relating to its supply 

chain, including in certain cases the use of safety 

stock, alternative materials and qualification of 

multiple supply sources.  

GRI: 102-9, 102-12, 407-1, 408-1, 414-1, 414-2
SASB: HC-MS-430a.3

Sailing on the San Francisco Bay, California by Suzana Tulac, Cepheid associate

63

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Governance

Board Structure and 
Responsibilities
Our Board of Directors, either directly or through  

its committees:

• Oversees our sustainability program

•  Oversees our overall risk assessment and risk 

management program as well as risks specifically 

relating to our strategy, acquisition and capital 

allocation program, capital structure, liquidity, 

organizational structure, legal and regulatory 

•  Together with management determines Danaher’s 

compliance, cybersecurity, privacy, compensation 

long-term strategy and oversees Danaher’s 

policies and practices, sustainability (including 

strategic acquisition and integration process

climate), governance, conflicts of interest and 

•  Oversees Danaher’s culture, management 

science and technology trends 

succession planning and development 

(including both a long-term succession plan and 

Our Board consists of 14 members. We have separated 

emergency succession plan for the CEO position), 

the positions of Chairman of the Board and CEO and 

compensation, benefits, talent recruiting and 

because our Chairman is an executive officer, our 

retention, associate engagement and diversity and 

Board has appointed a Lead Independent Director to 

inclusion programs

chair meetings of the independent directors and act 

•  Evaluates the performance and sets the 

as a liaison, as necessary, between the independent 

compensation of our CEO and other executive officers

directors and the management directors. The Board’s 

•  Oversees the quality and integrity of Danaher’s 

Audit Committee, Compensation Committee and 

financial statements, internal controls over 

Nominating and Governance Committee each consist 

financial reporting, compliance with legal and 

entirely of independent directors. 

regulatory requirements and our integrity and 

compliance program

GRI: 102-18, 102-22, 102-26

Wandering Through the Hoodoos in Bryce Canyon National Park, Utah by Ben O’Brien, Pall associate

64

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Board Selection, Composition 
and Refreshment
Nominees for Danaher’s Board may be suggested by 

added five new directors to our Board in the past three 

years, helping reduce our average director tenure by 

more than 20% from 2019 to 2022. 

our directors, members of management, shareholders 

Diversity is a critical dimension of our focus on Board 

or, in some cases, by a third-party search firm.

composition and refreshment. Our Board believes that 

it should collectively embody a diverse set of skills, 

Our Board actively manages Board composition 

knowledge, experiences and backgrounds appropriate 

and refreshment. Using our Board skills matrix as a 

to the company’s needs, and as a result it takes into 

guide as well as the results of our annual Board and 

account racial/ethnic, gender, age and national origin 

committee self-assessment process, the Nominating 

diversity when considering director nominees.

and Governance Committee evaluates Board 

composition at least annually and identifies for Board 

Our Board’s current composition demonstrates the D+I 

consideration areas of background and expertise 

progress we have achieved. Today 29% of Danaher’s 

that would complement and enhance our current 

Board is female; two of our key Board leadership 

Board. Given the critical role of acquisitions in our 

positions (Lead Independent Director and Chair of the 

overall strategy as well as the diversity of our portfolio, 

Nominating and Governance Committee) are held by 

it is essential that our Board include members with 

a female director; 27% of our independent directors 

experience leading the company through a range of 

are under the age of 50; four of our directors were 

M&A and economic cycles. However, the Board also 

born outside the U.S.; and our Board includes a Black 

seeks to thoughtfully balance the knowledge and 

director and directors of Asian, Middle Eastern and 

experience that comes from longer-term Board service 

North African descent. The table to the right illustrates 

with the fresh perspectives and new domain expertise 

the diverse set of skills, expertise and backgrounds 

that can come from adding new directors. We have 

represented on our Board (as of August 1, 2022).

Sunset at Dog Mountain, Vancouver B.C.  
by Melisa DiPietro, Cytiva associate

Board of Directors
Board of Directors

Skills and Expertise

Blair Dewan

Filler

List

Lohr Mega M. Rales S. Rales

Sabeti Sanders Schwieters

Spoon

Stevens Zerhouni

Global/international

Life sciences

Diagnostics

Health care 
management

Product innovation

Digital technology

M&A

Public company CEO 
and/or President

Accounting

Finance

Branding/ marketing

Government, legal or 
regulatory

Age

Gender

Race/Ethnicity*

Born outside U.S. 

3
3

3

3

3

57

M

C
3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

3

48

F

C

3

3

3

65

M

C

3

3

3

71

M

C

3

3

3

3

62

F

C

3
3

 3
3

46

M

A
3

3
3

3

59

F

C

3

3

3

78

M

C

3

3
3

3
3

60

M

B

3
3
3

3

46

F

M
3

3
3

3
3

3

3

59

M

C

3
3
3

3

3

71

M

N
3

3

3

71

M

C

3

3
3

82

M

C

* “A” refers to Asian, “B” refers to Black; “C” refers to Caucasian (other than Middle Eastern or North African descent); “M” refers to Middle 
Eastern descent; “N” refers to North African descent.

GRI: 102-18, 102-22, 102-23, 102-24, 405-1
UN: SDG 5

65

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

CEO Succession Planning
With the support of our Nominating and Governance 

Committee, our Board maintains and annually reviews 

both a long-term succession plan and emergency 

succession plan for the CEO position. The foundation 

of the long-term CEO succession planning process 

is a CEO development model consisting of three 

dimensions: critical experiences, leadership capabilities 

and personal characteristics/traits. The

Board uses the development model as a guide 

in preparing candidates, and also in evaluating 

candidates for the CEO and other executive positions 

at the Board’s annual talent review and succession 

planning session. At the annual session, the Board 

evaluates and compares candidates using the 

development model, and reviews each candidate’s 

development actions, progress and performance over 

time. The candidate evaluations are supplemented 

with periodic 360-degree performance appraisals, and 

the Board also regularly interacts with candidates at 

Board dinners and lunches, through Board meeting 

presentations and at the Company’s annual  

leadership conference.

Managing Potential Conflicts 
of Interest
Danaher’s Nominating and Governance Committee 

reviews and, if appropriate, approves related person 

transactions prior to consummation. Related person 

transactions of an ongoing nature are reviewed 

annually by the Committee.

Communication  
with the Board
Shareholders and other parties interested in 

communicating directly with our Board, or with 

individual directors, our Lead Independent Director or 

the non-management or independent directors as a 

group, may do so by addressing communications to the 

Board of Directors, to the specified individual director 

or to the non-management or independent directors, 

as applicable, c/o Corporate Secretary, Danaher 

Corporation, 2200 Pennsylvania Avenue, N.W., Suite 

800W, Washington, D.C. 20037-1701.

GRI: 102-21, 102-25, 102-33

Above the Clouds at Mount Tamalpais, California by Jesse Wang, Cepheid associate

66

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Risk Oversight

While risk-taking is essential to growing a business, we recognize that prudent risk management is necessary to 

deliver long-term, sustainable shareholder value. Our annual Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program is the key 

management program that underpins our risk oversight function. The goal of our ERM program is to comprehensively 

inventory and mitigate key risks across all of Danaher’s platforms and operating companies. The risk data collected 

is used to support effective business decision-making and assess risk-reward tradeoffs. It also gives our leadership 

visibility into key existing and emerging business risks and countermeasures and enables us to mitigate risks as 

dictated by our risk-reward assessment. As a result, Danaher and its operating companies are able to build better, more 

resilient businesses supported by a risk-based approach.

Enterprise Risk Management Methodology
At the beginning of the annual ERM process, our corporate risk management function communicates the key elements 

of the ERM program to our platforms and operating companies, highlighting any year-over-year changes. Key program 

elements include:

•  An inventory and classification of key risk areas and key risk topics 

•  A methodology for scoring risks based on the risk’s probability, severity and velocity of impact, and for trending key risks

•  A framework for developing countermeasures for key risks

•  A process for assigning responsibility and deadlines for the implementation of countermeasures, and re-assessing 

such risks following implementation of the applicable countermeasures

•  A timeline for collection and synthesis of the risk assessment data and reporting of key risks and countermeasures to 

the Danaher Risk Committee and the Danaher Board of Directors 

CATEGORIZING RISK

Strategic

The program requires evaluation of risk 

across five main pillars: operational, 

Operations

• Diminution in Business
• Diminution in Business
• Regulatory Risk
• Regulatory Risk
• Sovereign / Political Risk
• Sovereign / Political Risk

• Loss of Intellectual Property
• Loss of Intellectual Property
• Catastrophic Loss Risk
• Catastrophic Loss Risk
• Competition for Talent
• Competition for Talent

• Product Supply Disruption
• Product Supply Disruption
• Climate Change Risk
• Climate Change Risk

• Supplier Risk
• Supplier Risk
• Business Continuity Risk
• Business Continuity Risk

strategic, financial and accounting, 

compliance and in formation technology/

security. The list to the right includes 

examples of the  types of risks we assess 

in each of the five pillars.

Compliance

•  Risk of Violation of Operational Laws and Regulations
•  Risk of Violation of Operational Laws and Regulations
•  Risk of Violations of FCPA/Global Anti-Corruption Laws, 
•  Risk of Violations of FCPA/Global Anti-Corruption Laws, 

Competition or Antitrust Laws
Competition or Antitrust Laws
•  Import and Export Practices Risk
•  Import and Export Practices Risk

Financial, Accounting, 
Reporting

• Accounting Irregularities
• Accounting Irregularities
• Segregation of Duties
• Segregation of Duties
• GAAP / IFRS Irregularities
• GAAP / IFRS Irregularities

Information  
Technology / Security

• Cyber Security Threats
• Cyber Security Threats
• Infrastructure Risk
• Infrastructure Risk
•  Disaster Recovery Planning
•  Disaster Recovery Planning

RISK ASSESSMENT PROCESS

Each operating company assesses its respective risks using 

the prescribed methodology and communicates the results 

to its respective platform risk committee. The strength of our 

ERM program lies in the autonomy we give our operating 

companies to think broadly about the risks they face and 

determine how best to mitigate them. We know that those 

who are closest to gemba are best positioned to identify and 

mitigate our most significant risks. 

Each platform risk committee reviews and synthesizes 

the results from its operating companies, identifies 

key themes, ensures appropriate risk prioritization and 

communicates its results to the Danaher Risk Committee, 

which consists of Danaher’s General Counsel, Chief 

Financial Officer, Chief Accounting Officer, Head of 

Internal Audit, Deputy General Counsel and Chief Ethics & 

Compliance Officer. The Danaher Risk Committee reviews 

the results, holds discussions with the leadership of 

each platform and presents a final report to the Danaher 

Board of Directors annually. Danaher’s General Counsel 

(the executive with management-level responsibility for 

our ERM program) also updates the Audit Committee of 

the Board on a periodic basis regarding Danaher’s ERM 

processes. The Board’s role in risk oversight is consistent 

with Danaher’s leadership structure: management has 

day-to-day responsibility for assessing and managing 

Danaher’s risk exposure, and the Board and its Audit 

Committee oversee  those efforts, with emphasis on our 

most significant risks. 

•  ERM-specific DBS tools, including an action plan template and a methodology for identifying fundamental elements, 

establishing the jumping off point and tracking planned vs. actual improvements each month 

Board of
Directors

Audit
Committee

Danaher 
Risk 
Committee

• Danaher’s General Counsel
• Chief Financial Ofﬁcer
• Chief Accounting Ofﬁcer
• Head of Internal Audit
• Deputy General Counsel
• Chief Ethics and Compliance Ofﬁcer

Platforms

Operating 
Companies

GRI: 102-15, 102-20, 102-29, 102-30, 205-1
TCFD: Governance, Strategy, Risk Management

67

Board Committees

Audit

Compensation

Nominating and

Governance

Finance

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Managing  
Cybersecurity Risks
Our goal is to maintain a secure environment for our 

We believe cybersecurity is the responsibility of 

every associate. We regularly educate and share best 

practices with our associates to raise awareness of 

cyber threats. Every year, all associates in-scope for 

products, data and systems that effectively supports 

the Annual Training Program are required to take 

our business objectives and customer needs. Our 

information security and protection training and (in 

commitment to cybersecurity emphasizes

most countries where we operate) are required to 

cultivating a security-minded culture through security 

certify their awareness of and compliance with the 

education and training, and a programmatic and 

Information Security Policy. We also conduct monthly 

layered approach that reflects industry best practice.

education, training and cyber-event simulations for 

our associates.

We have adopted a comprehensive Information 

Security Policy that clearly articulates Danaher’s 

We take measures to regularly improve and update our 

expectations and requirements with respect to 

cybersecurity program, including independent program 

acceptable use, risk management, data privacy, 

assessments, penetration testing and scanning of our 

education and awareness, security incident 

systems for vulnerabilities. The cybersecurity program 

management and reporting, identity and access 

is led by Danaher’s Chief Information Security Officer, 

management, third-party management, security 

who along with our Chief Information Officer, provide 

(with respect to physical assets, products, networks 

multiple updates each year to the Audit Committee 

and systems), security monitoring and vulnerability 

regarding this program, including information about 

identification. The policy sets forth a detailed security 

cyber-risk management governance and the status 

incident management and reporting protocol, with 

of projects to strengthen cybersecurity effectiveness. 

clear escalation timelines and responsibilities.

The Audit Committee regularly briefs the full Board on 

these matters, and the full Board also receives periodic 

We also maintain a global incident response plan 

briefings from management on our cybersecurity 

(including both proactive and reactive measures) 

program. We also updated our disclosure controls 

and regularly conduct exercises to help ensure its 

and procedures to specifically address cybersecurity 

effectiveness and our overall preparedness.

risk, including by amending Danaher’s Insider Trading 

Policy to address cybersecurity and by ensuring clear 

linkage between our Disclosure Committee and Chief 

Information Security Officer.

GRI: 102-15, 102-29, 102-30

Moraine Lake in Banff National Park, Canada by Alina Chernin, Danaher Corporate associate

68

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFoundation

Climate Risks and Opportunities
In 2022, Danaher began piloting a management program to identify, assess and manage climate risks and 

• With our global physical footprint, a key climate 

  Danaher Core Value, customer feedback regarding 

opportunities based on elements of the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-Related Financial 

  related risk for Danaher is physical risk resulting 

  sustainability requirements has been and will

Disclosures (TCFD). Danaher anticipates that the 2022 pilot will cover businesses representing approximately 15% 

  from acute or chronic changes in climate patterns.

  continue to be an innovation driver for Danaher. This 

of our 2021 revenues, with further scope expansion planned for 2023. Below is a summary of the pilot program: 

  Acute physical risks include increased severity of

  report includes examples of innovative products and

Midnight Sun in Lidingö, Sweden by Greg Beuneu, Cytiva associate

• The program is designed to run parallel to our 

  For each identified opportunity that exceeds a

  annual ERM process and would require each 

  prescribed score, the operating company would be 

  in-scope operating company to identify (and

  required to identify any plans to capitalize on it.  

  score the severity, probability and velocity of) each

• In addition, in line with the TCFD recommendations 

  key climate-related risk, over short- medium- and

  to disclose metrics and targets used to assess and 

  long-term time horizons. For each identified risk

  manage climate-related risks, we disclose our 

  that exceeds a prescribed score, the operating

  Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions and reduction goals 

  company would be required to identify the

  in this report.

  anticipated business and financial impact of the

• The results of the program would be presented 

  risk and planned countermeasures. Because the 

  annually to the Danaher Risk Committee and 

  climate-related risk assessment uses the same

  to Danaher’s Board of Directors or the applicable

  scoring methodology as (and runs parallel to) 

  committee of the Board. 

  the annual ERM process, the relative significance

  and prioritization of climate-related risks would be

Danaher anticipates reporting on any key climate-

  assessed relative to wider business risks.  

related risks and opportunities identified as a result 

• The program would also require identification (and 

of this process in our annual sustainability report. 

  scoring) of each key climate-related opportunity, 

Danaher has previously identified the following high-

  over short- medium- and long-term time horizons. 

level climate-related risks and opportunities:

  extreme weather events such as cyclones,

  solutions that directly incorporate customer

  hurricanes and floods. Chronic physical risks refer 

  feedback to address sustainability-specific needs.

  to longer-term shifts in climate patterns (such as 

  In addition, Danaher’s businesses are increasingly 

  sustained higher temperatures) that may result in 

  focused on improving efficiency across our

  rising sea levels (which could impact our facilities 

  production and distribution processes, production

  in coastal areas), droughts and heat waves. These 

  assets, buildings and transport/mobility in relation

  physical risks may have financial implications

  to energy and water consumption and waste 

  for Danaher, such as direct damage to assets and

  generation. This report also includes examples

  indirect impacts from supply chain disruption. In 

  where our operating companies have quantified

  the Protecting Our Environment section of this

  cost savings from environmental impact reduction

  report, we discuss steps Danaher has taken to 

  initiatives. Danaher’s energy and GHG emission 

  mitigate the potential impact of these types of 

  reduction targets, and targets to reduce the

  physical risks to facilities as well as our efforts to

  percentage of waste sent to landfills or incinerators,

  reduce energy consumption and GHG emissions.

  are helping accelerate these efforts.

• Key climate-related opportunities for Danaher 

  include the prospect of developing new commercial 

  solutions to address customers’ sustainability 

  related needs and potentially reduce our operating

  costs. Given that Customers Talk, We Listen is a

GRI: 102-15, 102-29, 102-30, 201-2
TCFD: Governance, Strategy, Risk Management
UN: SDG 13

69

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportFOUNDATIONAL ELEMENTS

Political Matters

Political Involvement Policy
We believe in the right of associates to participate in the political process. We encourage our associates to be active 

in charitable and political activities on their own time and at their own expense. Our Sustainability Policy states that:

• In all communications, associates must make clear 

that political views and actions are their own and 

  not those of Danaher.

• Associates may never use Danaher resources to 

contribute to, support or oppose any political

  party or candidate unless approved by Danaher

  Corporation’s Board of Directors or a committee of

  the Board.

• Supervisors should not solicit direct or indirect 

reports to contribute to, support or oppose any 

political party or candidate.

•  Associates may never make a charitable or political 

contribution with the intent to improperly 

influence someone. 

Trade/Industry Associations
Danaher belongs to and pays dues to certain U.S. 

trade and industry associations. Our policy is that each 

association may use no more than $25,000 of Danaher’s 

dues in any calendar year for political purposes.

Political Expenditures
Danaher has adopted a formal policy governing 

political expenditures, set forth in our Sustainability 

Policy. Since 2012, no funds or assets of Danaher 

Corporation or its subsidiaries have been contributed 

to or for any political party or candidate, whether 

federal, state or local; any entity operating under 26 

U.S.C. Sec. 527 of the Internal Revenue Code; any entity 

organized under 26 U.S.C. Sec. 501(c)(4) of the Internal 

Revenue Code; any ballot measure; or any public 

communication that expressly advocates the election 

or defeat of a political candidate (“political purposes”). 

Pursuant to the policy, Danaher has no intention of 

contributing any company funds or assets for political 

purposes, and any contribution of company funds or 

assets for political purposes would require approval by 

Danaher’s President and CEO. 

GRI: 415-1

The Future is Bright, Bristol U.K. by Aline Moniela, Pall associate

70

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
 
 
About This Report 

Important Information  
About This Report
•   Certain statements included or incorporated 

by reference in this report are “forward-looking 

statements” within the meaning of the U.S. federal 

to update or revise any forward-looking statement, 

company such as Danaher. The data included in this 

•   The energy usage and GHG emissions metrics are 

whether as a result of new information, future events 

report (other than audited financial data) are good 

based on available activity data of fuel consumed on-

and developments or otherwise.

faith estimates and have not been externally assured. 

site, purchased energy and energy consumed through 

•   Please note that the inclusion of information in this report 

We expect our data collection systems to evolve and 

operation of Danaher-owned or -leased vehicles and 

is not an indication that such information is necessarily 

we seek to continually improve our processes for 

aircraft. Danaher’s non-energy-consumption GHG 

material as defined under the U.S. federal securities laws 

collecting and disclosing accurate, meaningful and 

emissions, such as refrigerant releases and process air 

securities laws. All statements other than historical 

and the applicable regulations thereunder.

consistent data.

emissions, are omitted.

factual information are forward-looking statements. 

•   In this report, we describe certain products and devices 

•   Danaher applied the following methodology with 

•   We define “regulated and hazardous waste” as wastes 

Forward-looking statements are based on assumptions 

that have applications submitted and pending for 

respect to the metrics and goals included in this Report 

that are deemed regulated by national legislation/

and assessments made by our management in light of 

certain regulatory approvals and/or are available only in 

relating to energy, GHG emissions, water and waste 

regulations.

their experience and perceptions of historical trends, 

certain markets.

(“environmental metrics”). We collected data from (1) 

•   The 2019, 2020, and 2021 environmental metrics 

current conditions, expected future developments 

•   Any trademarks, product names or brand images appearing 

Danaher locations owned or leased from January 1, 

reflect adjustments made to account for changes in 

and other factors. Forward-looking statements are not 

herein are the property of their respective owners.

2021 through December 31, 2021 that were within our 

GHG accounting methodology (updates in emission 

guarantees of future performance and actual results 

•   We refer to developing markets as “high-growth markets” 

operational control and accounted for approximately 

factors used, including location-based emissions and 

may differ materially from the results, developments 

in our SEC filings and in this report and define them 

85% of our total owned or leased space (within our 

market-based emissions in Scope 2 inventory) as well 

and business decisions contemplated by our forward-

as geographic markets experiencing extended periods 

operational control) over such period, and (2) vehicles 

to include emissions from the acquisition of Cytiva.

looking statements. Accordingly, you should not 

place undue reliance on any such forward-looking 

of accelerated growth in gross domestic product and 

and aircraft owned or leased by Danaher during 2021. 

•   As a participant of the United Nations (UN) Global 

infrastructure, which include Eastern Europe, the Middle 

With respect to any locations owned or leased from 

Compact, Danaher is committed to aligning our 

statements. Important factors that in some cases have 

East, Africa, Latin America and Asia (except Japan, 

January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021 that were 

strategy, culture and operations with the organization’s 

affected us in the past and that in the future could 

Australia and New Zealand).

within our operational control and for which data was 

Ten Principles on human rights, labor, environment and 

cause actual results to differ materially from those 

•   Unless otherwise noted, all data in this report is as 

not collected, we accounted for such locations by 

anti-corruption. This report serves as our UN Global 

envisaged in our forward-looking statements are 

of September 1, 2022 and is limited to continuing 

linear extrapolation. The financial data to which the 

Compact Communication of Progress.

described in Danaher’s filings with the U.S. Securities 

operations. All financial information in this report is 

environmental impact metrics are normalized is limited 

and Exchange Commission (SEC). The forward-looking 

reported in U.S. dollars. Unless otherwise noted, all 

to continuing operations and also excludes revenue 

statements included in this report speak only as of the 

financial data in this report refers to the 2021 fiscal year.

attributable to acquisitions consummated within the 

date of this report, and except to the extent required 

•   Uncertainties are inherent in collecting data from 

applicable year, to promote comparability.

by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation 

a wide range of facilities and operations in a global 

GRI: 102-12, 102-13, 102-45, 102-46, 102-48, 102-49, 302-1, 
302-3, 303-5, 305-1, 305-2, 306-3, 306-4, 306-5

71

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAppendices

Appendix A: Reporting Frameworks Index

Harlequín Frog in the Nuquí jungle, Chocó, Colombia by César Osorio, Beckman Coulter Diagnostics associate

Global Reporting Initiative™ (GRI)  
Sustainability Reporting Guidelines

Sustainability Accounting  
Standards Board (SASB) Standards

73

84

Task Force on Climate-related  
Financial Disclosures (TCFD)

UN Sustainable Development Goals

85

86

72

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

As part of our efforts to enhance the transparency and accountability of

to each such standard, while this report is not intended to meet all the 

our sustainability program, this Report contains disclosures that address
elements of the Global Reporting Initiative™ (GRI) Sustainability Reporting

requirements of the standard, we have referenced each relevant section of 

the standard as to which we believe full or partial responsive information has 

Guidelines, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards,

been provided. Reporting standards are denoted on the bottom of each page 

the Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the

of this report and in this Reporting Frameworks Index.

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs). With respect 

GRI – General Disclosures 2016 – Organization Profile

Description

Name of Organization

Activities, brands, products, and services

Location of headquarters

Location of operations

Ownership and legal form

Markets served

Scale of the organization

Information on employees and other workers

Supply chain

Code

Response

102-1

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

102-8

102-9

Danaher Corporation

Danaher at a Glance – Our Businesses

Washington, D.C., U.S.

2021 Form 10-K, p. 34, 82

2021 Form 10-K, Cover Page

2021 Form 10-K, p. 3-8 
Danaher at a Glance 
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Diagnostics – Improving Access to Healthcare in  
Developing Markets

2021 Form 10-K, p. 9, 34, 62-64, 66 
2022 Proxy Statement, p. 33-34
Danaher at a Glance 
Building the Best Team
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

2021 Form 10-K, p. 9
Building the Best Team
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

2021 Form 10-K, p. 8-9
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

73

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – General Disclosures 2016 – Organization Profile (continued)

Description

External initiatives

Membership of associations

GRI – General Disclosures - Strategy

Description

Statement from senior decisionmaker

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

GRI – General Disclosures – Ethics & Integrity

Description

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

Code

102-12

102-13

Response

Building the Best Team – Diversity + Inclusion (CEO Action for Diversity & Inclusion), Human Rights (UN Global Compact)
Foundational Elements - Medical Device Product Quality (FDA’s Quality Systems Regulation), (ISO 13485 Medical Devices 
Quality Management System Standard), (Medical Device Single Audit Program (MDSAP)); Ethical Interactions with 
Healthcare Professionals (AdvaMed’s Code of Ethics on Interactions with Health Care Professionals, MedTech Europe 
Code of Ethical Business Practice), Supply Chain Sustainability – Conflict Minerals (OECD Due Diligence Guidance for 
Responsible Supply Chains of Minerals from Conflict-Affected and High-Risk Areas)

Building the Best Team – Human Rights (UN Global Compact)
Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality – Membership in External Associates/Partnerships (Regulatory 
Affairs Professional Society, the American Society for Quality); Ethical Interactions with Healthcare Professionals 
(AdvaMed, MedTech Europe),

Code

Response

102-14

102-15

Code

102-16

From Our CEO

Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Sustainability Mission Statement; Our Sustainability Strategy 
(Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; Sustainability Strategy and Pillars)
Building the Best Team – Diversity + Inclusion 
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight – Climate Risks and Opportunities 
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Response

Danaher Code of Conduct
Danaher Supplier Code of Conduct
Danaher at a Glance – How We Work
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision - Policies
Foundational Elements – Ethics and Compliance at Danaher; The Danaher Code of Conduct; Business Ethics;  
Medical Device Product Quality

Mechanisms for advice and concerns about ethics

102-17

Danaher Code of Conduct
Danaher Supplier Code of Conduct
Foundational Elements – Ethics and Compliance at Danaher; The Danaher Code of Conduct; Business Ethics

74

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – General Disclosures - Governance

Description

Governance structure

Delegating authority

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and social topics

Code

102-18

102-19

102-20

Consulting stakeholders on economic, environmental, and social topics

102-21

Response

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 19-26
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Sustainability Oversight 
Foundational Elements – Governance

Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Sustainability Oversight

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 10
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Sustainability Oversight 
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Innovation Defines Our Future
Building the Best Team – The Best Team Wins; Diversity + Inclusion –D+I Commitment; Human Rights
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision
Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality (Ethical Marketing, Advertising and Sales); Supply Chain 
Sustainability; Risk Oversight

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 26-27
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Stakeholder Engagement Program)
Foundational Elements – Governance – Communication with the Board

Composition of the highest governance body and its committees 

Chair of the highest governance body

Nominating and selecting the highest governance body

Conflicts of interest 

Role of highest governance body in setting purpose, values, and strategy

Evaluating the highest governance body’s performance 

Identifying and managing economic, environmental, and social impacts

Effectiveness of risk management processes

120-22

102-23

102-24

102-25

102-26

102-28

102-29

102-30

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 13-18, 21-25
Foundational Elements – Governance – Board Structure and Responsibilities; Board Selection,  
Composition and Refreshment

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 20
Foundational Elements – Governance – Board of Directors

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 19-20
Foundational Elements – Governance – Board Selection, Composition and Refreshment

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 31-32; 42
Foundational Elements – Governance – Managing Potential Conflicts of Interest

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 9-10; 21-22
Foundational Elements – Governance – Board Structure and Responsibilities

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 25-26

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 9-10; 21-22
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher 
Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 21-22
Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight

Review of economic, environmental, and social topics

102-31

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 9-10; 21

75

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – General Disclosures - Governance (continued)

Description

Highest governance body’s role in sustainability reporting

Communicating critical concerns

Remuneration policies

Code

102-32

102-33

102-35

Response

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 9-10
Danaher At a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Sustainability Oversight

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 81
Danaher Code of Conduct
Foundational Elements – Ethics and Compliance at Danaher; Governance – Communication with the Board

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 28-30; 38-71
Building the Best Team – Motivating and Rewarding Performance

Process for determining remuneration 

102-36

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 38-71

Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration 

102-37

At Danaher’s annual meeting of shareholders in May 2022, approximately 94% of the votes cast were in favor of the “say on 
pay” proposal.
2022 Proxy Statement, p. 39
Building the Best Team – Motivating and Rewarding Performance

Annual total compensation ratio

List of stakeholder groups

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key topics and concerns raised

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements 

Defining report content and topic boundaries

102-38

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 65

102-40

102-42

102-43

102-44

102-45

102-46

Sustainability Policy
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Stakeholder Engagement Program) 

Sustainability Policy
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Stakeholder Engagement Program)

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 26-27
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Stakeholder Engagement Program) 

Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Strategy and Pillars)

2021 Form 10-K, Exhibit 21.1
About this Report

Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Sustainability Strategy and Pillars)
About this Report

76

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – General Disclosures - Governance (continued)

Description

List of material topics

Restatements of information

Changes in reporting

GRI – General Disclosure – Reporting Practice

Description

Reporting period 

Date of most recent report 

Reporting cycle

Contact point for questions regarding the report 

GRI content index

GRI – Economic Performance

Description

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to climate change

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

Code

102-47

102-48

102-49

Code

102-50

102-51

102-52

102-53

102-55

Code

201-1

201-2

201-3

Response

Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Sustainability Strategy and Pillars)

About This Report

Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Our Sustainability Strategy (Sustainability Prioritization Assessment; 
Sustainability Strategy and Pillars)
About this Report

Response

2021

2021

Annual

sustainability@danaher.com

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report, p. 73-83 

Response

2021 Form 10-K, p. 63-72
Danaher at a Glance – 2021 Highlights; Our Businesses

Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight

2021 Form 10-K, p. 98-102

77

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – Indirect Economic Impacts

Description

Infrastructure investments and services supported

Significant indirect economic impacts

GRI – Anti-Corruption

Description

Operations assessed for risks related to corruption

Code

203-1

203-2

Code

205-1

Response

Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet 
Building the Best Team – In Our Communities 

Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet 
Building the Best Team – Motivating and Rewarding Performance; In Our Communities 

Response

Protecting Our Environment – EHS Management Programs – EHS Risk Assessment
Foundational Elements – Ethics and Compliance at Danaher; Business Ethics; Risk Oversight

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and procedures

205-2

Foundational Elements – Ethics and Compliance at Danaher; Business Ethics

GRI – Anti-competitive Behavior

Description

Code

Response

Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and monopoly practices

206-1

2021 Form 10-K, p. 103-104

GRI - Tax

Description

Approach to tax

Tax governance, control, and risk management

Stakeholder engagement and management of concerns related to tax

Code

207-1

207-2

207-3

Response

Global Tax Strategy
Sustainability Policy

Global Tax Strategy
Sustainability Policy

Global Tax Strategy
Sustainability Policy

78

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – Energy

Description

Energy consumption within the organization

Energy intensity

Reduction of energy consumption

GRI – Water and Effluents

Description

Interactions with water as a shared resource

Water consumption

GRI – Emissions

Description

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

GHG emissions intensity

Reduction of GHG emissions

Code

302-1

302-3

302-4

Code

303-1

Response

About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Protecting Our Environment – EHS Management Programs
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Response

Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet  – Environmental & Applied Solutions
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision; EHS Management Programs
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability 
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

303-5

About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Code

305-1

305-2

305-4

305-5

Response

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision - KPIs and Goals; EHS Management Programs
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

79

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – Effluents and Waste

Description

Waste generated

Waste diverted from disposal

Waste directed to disposal

Code

306-3

306-4

306-5

Response

About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
About this Report
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

GRI – Environmental Compliance

Description

Code

Response

Non-compliance with environmental laws and regulations

307-1

2021 Form 10-K, p. 103-104

GRI – Employment

Description

New employee hires and employee turnover

Code

401-1

Response

Building the Best Team – Talent Recruitment; Associate Engagement
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to temporary or part-time employees

401-2

Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement

Parental leave

401-3

Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement

80

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – Occupational Health and Safety

Description

Occupational health and safety management system

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

Worker training on occupational health and safety

Promotion of worker health

Work-related injuries

GRI – Training and Education

Code

403-1

403-2

403-5

403-6

403-9

Response

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision; EHS Management Programs
Environment, Health and Safety Policy

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision; EHS Management Programs – EHS Risk Assessment

Protecting Our Environment – EHS Management Programs – EHS Risk Assessment; EHS Training, Education and Best 
Practice Sharing

Sustainability Policy
Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement; Human Rights

Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Description

Code

Response

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition assistance programs

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and career development reviews

GRI – Diversity and Equal Opportunity

Description

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

404-2

404-3

Code

405-1

405-2

Building the Best Team – Learning & Development

Building the Best Team – Motivating and Rewarding Performance
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Response

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 18
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Building the Best Team – Diversity + Inclusion
Foundational Elements – Governance
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Building the Best Team – Diversity + Inclusion – Pay Equity
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

81

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – Freedom of Association

Description

Operations and suppliers in which the right to freedom of association and collective bargaining  
may be at risk

GRI – Child Labor

Description

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of child labor

GRI – Forced or Compulsory Labor

Description

Operations and suppliers at significant risk for incidents of forced or compulsory labor

Code

407-1

Code

408-1

Code

409-1

Response

Danaher Code of Conduct
Danaher Supplier Code of Conduct
Danaher Statement on Slavery and Human Trafficking
Danaher Statement Re: California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
Building the Best Team – Human Rights
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability

Response

Danaher Code of Conduct
Danaher Supplier Code of Conduct
Sustainability Policy
Sustainable Supply Chain Policy
Danaher Statement on Slavery and Human Trafficking
Danaher Statement Re: California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
Building the Best Team – Human Rights
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability

Response

Danaher Code of Conduct
Danaher Supplier Code of Conduct
Sustainability Policy
Sustainable Supply Chain Policy
Danaher Statement on Slavery and Human Trafficking
Danaher Statement Re: California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
Building the Best Team – Human Rights
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability

82

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

GRI – Supplier Social Assessment

Description

New suppliers that were screened used social criteria

Negative social impacts in the supply chain and actions taken

GRI – Public Policy

Description

Political contributions

GRI – Marketing and Labeling

Description

Requirements for product and service information and labeling

Code

414-1

414-2

Code

415-1

Code

417-1

Response

Sustainable Supply Chain Policy
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability – Supplier Risk Assessment/Risk Management; Sustainability Due 
Diligence, Assessment and Monitoring 

Sustainable Supply Chain Policy
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability – Supplier Risk Assessment/Risk Management; Sustainability Due 
Diligence, Assessment and Monitoring

Response

Sustainability Policy
Foundational Elements – Political Matters

Response

Product Marketing, Advertising and Promotion Policy
Danaher Code of Conduct
Danaher Supplier Code of Conduct
Foundational Elements - Medical Device Product Quality

Incidents of non-compliance concerning marketing communications

417-3

Foundational Elements - Medical Device Product Quality

GRI – Socioeconomic Compliance

Description

Non-compliance with laws and regulations in the social and economic area

Code

419-1

Response

2021 Form 10-K, p. 34, 103-103
Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

83

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

SASB

Description

Topic

Metric

Code

Response

Medical Equipment & Supplies

Product Safety

Number of recalls issued, total units recalled

HC-MS-250a.1

Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Number of FDA enforcement actions taken in response to 
violations of current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP), 
by type

HC-MS-250a.4

Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Ethical Marketing

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal 
proceedings associated with false marketing claims

HC-MS-270a.1

Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality

Description of code of ethics governing promotion of off-
label use of products

HC-MS-270a.2

Product Marketing, Advertising and Promotion Policy
Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality

Supply Chain Management

Description of the management of risks associated with the 
use of critical materials

HC-MS-430a.3

Sustainable Supply Chain Policy
Conflict Minerals Policy Statement
Trading Policy
Danaher Statement on Slavery and Human Trafficking
Danaher Statement Re: California Transparency in Supply Chains Act of 2010
Foundational Elements – Supply Chain Sustainability

Business Ethics

Description of code of ethics governing interactions with 
health care professionals

HC-MS-510a.2

Danaher Code of Conduct
Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality

Biotechnology & Pharmaceuticals

Safety of Clinical Trial  
Participants

Discussion, by world region, of management process for 
ensuring quality and patient safety during clinical trials

HC-BP-210a.1

Clinical Trial Conduct and Transparency Policy
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Life Sciences
Foundational Elements – Medical Device Product Quality – Ethical Interactions 
with Healthcare Professionals

Access to Medicines

Description of actions and initiatives to promote access to 
health care products for priority diseases and in priority 
countries as defined by the Access to Medicine Index

HC-BP-240a.1

Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Diagnostics – 
Improving Access to Healthcare in Developing Markets

Employee Recruitment, 
Development and Retention

(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary turnover rate for: (a) 
executives/senior managers, (b) midlevel managers, (c) 
professionals, and (d) all others

HC-BP-330a.2

Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

84

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

SASB (continued)

Description

Topic

Metric

Code

Response

Electrical and Electronic Equipment

Energy Management

(1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity,  
(3) percentage renewable

RT-EE-130a.1

Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Hazardous Waste Management

Amount of hazardous waste generated, percentage recycled RT-EE-150a.1

Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Business Ethics

Description of policies and practices for prevention of: (1) 
corruption and bribery and (2) anti-competitive behavior

RT-EE-510a.1

Danaher Code of Conduct
Foundational Elements – Ethics and Compliance at Danaher; The Danaher Code of 
Conduct; Business Ethics

N/A

Number of employees

RT-EE-000.B

2021 Form 10-K, p. 9
Danaher at a Glance – 2021 Highlights
Building the Best Team – The Best Team Wins
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Industrial Machinery & Goods

Employee Health & Safety

(1) Total recordable incident rate (TRIR), (2) fatality rate, and 
(3) near miss frequency rate (NMFR)

RT-IG-320a.1

Protecting Our Environment  – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Hardware

Employee Diversity & Inclusion

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group 
representation for (1) management, (2) technical staff, and 
(3) all other employees

TC-HW-330a.1

Building the Best Team – Diversity + Inclusion
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

TCFD

Topic

Governance

Strategy

Description

Response

Disclose the organization’s governance around climate-related risks and opportunities.

Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate-related risks and opportunities on the organization’s  
businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.

Risk Management

Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses and manages climate-related risks.

Metrics and Targets

Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant  
climate-related risks and opportunities where such information is material.

2022 Climate Change CDP Response 
Danaher at a Glance – Sustainability at Danaher – Sustainability Oversight
Foundational Elements Risk Oversight – Enterprise Risk Management 
Methodology; Climate Risks and Opportunities

2022 Climate Change CDP Response 
Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight – Enterprise Risk Management 
Methodology; Climate Risks and Opportunities

2022 Climate Change CDP Response 
Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight – Enterprise Risk Management 
Methodology; Climate Risks and Opportunities  

2022 Climate Change CDP Response 
Protecting Our Environment –Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

85

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

UN Sustainable Development Goals Relevant to Danaher

Sustainable Development Goal

Response

Goal 3 - Good Health and Well-Being 
Ensure healthy lives and promote well-being for all at all ages

Goal 4 – Quality Education
Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong  
learning opportunities for all.

Goal 5 - Gender Equality 
Achieve gender equality and empower all women and girls

Goal 6 - Clean Water and Sanitation 
Ensure access to water and sanitation for all

Goal 8 - Decent Work and Economic Growth 
Promote inclusive and sustainable economic growth, employment and decent work for all

Community Impact Statement
From Our CEO
Danaher at a Glance – Our Businesses
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet 
Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement; In Our Communities
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – Policies 
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Community Impact Statement
Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement; In Our Communities

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Building the Best Team – Talent Recruitment; Associate Engagement; Diversity + Inclusion
Foundational Elements –  Board Selection, Composition and Refreshment
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Community Impact Statement
Danaher at a Glance – Our Businesses – Environmental & Applied Solutions (Water Quality)
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Environmental & Applied Solutions
Protecting Our Environment – Our Operating Companies Lead the Way; Helping Our Customers 
Reduce Environmental Impact

Danaher Code of Conduct
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Danaher at a Glance – Our Businesses
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet  
Building the Best Team – Associate Engagement; Diversity + Inclusion;  
Motivating and Rewarding Performance

Goal 9 - Industry, Innovation and Infrastructure 
Build resilient infrastructure, promote sustainable industrialization and foster innovation

Community Impact Statement
Danaher at a Glance – Our Businesses
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet 

Goal 10 – Reduced Inequalities
Reduced inequalities within and among countries

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy
Building the Best Team – Talent Recruitment; Associate Engagement; Diversity + Inclusion
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

86

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

UN Sustainable Development Goals Relevant to Danaher (continued)

Sustainable Development Goal

Response

Goal 12 - Responsible Consumption and Production
Ensure sustainable consumption and production patterns

Goal 13 - Climate Action 
Take urgent action to combat climate change and its impacts

Sustainability Policy
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Environmental and Applied Solutions 
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals; EHS Management Programs; Helping 
Our Customers Reduce Their Environmental Impact
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Sustainability Policy
From Our CEO
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet  – Environmental and Applied Solutions
Protecting Our Environment – Our EHS Vision – KPIs and Goals; EHS Management Programs
Foundational Elements – Risk Oversight – Climate Risks and Opportunities
Sustainability/ESG Data Summary

Goal 14 - Life Below Water 
Conserve and sustainably use the oceans, seas and marine resources

Danaher at a Glance - Our Businesses – Environmental & Applied Solutions (Water Quality)
Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet – Environmental & Applied Solutions

87

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAppendices

Appendix B: Sustainability  
& ESG Data Summary

Sete Cidades in the Azores, Portugal by Aditya Jha, Leica Biosystems associate

Team

Environment

89

92

Foundational Elements

Financial Results

93

95

88

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Metric

Associate  
Demographics

Total Associates (Global)

North America

Team

Western Europe

High Growth Markets

Other Developed Markets

Full Time Associates (Global)

Part Time Associates (Global)

Temporary Workers (Global)

Unionized Associates (U.S., hourly-rated)

Associate Tenure (Global Average)

Countries With Danaher Locations

Languages Spoken by Associates

18 - 20 years old (Global)

21 - 30 years old (Global)

31 - 40 years old (Global)

41 - 50 years old (Global)

51 - 60 years old (Global)

61 - 64 years old (Global)

65+ years old (Global)

Internal Fill Rate 

Executives & Senior Leaders

Manager

New Hires

Total External New Hires (Global)

North America

Western Europe

High Growth Markets

Other Developed Markets

Global Women New Hires

Unit

# of associates

# of associates

% of total

# of associates

% of total

# of associates

% of total

# of associates

% of total

# of associates

# of associates

# of associates

# of associates

Years

# of countries

# of languages

% of associates

% of associates

% of associates

% of associates

% of associates

% of associates

% of associates

% of open roles filled internally

% of open roles filled internally

74%

75%

# of associates

# of associates

# of associates

# of associates

# of associates

% of total global external new hires

U.S. Diverse New Hires (women and/or people of color)

% of total U.S. external new hires

U.S. People of Color New Hires

% of total U.S. external new hires

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

 60,000 

 22,600 

38%

 18,000 

30%

 17,000 

28%

 2,500 

4%

 58,000 

 2,000 

 1,600 

—

8

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

69,000

25,500

37%

 22,000 

32%

 18,500 

27%

 3,000 

4%

 67,000 

 2,000 

 1,500 

300

8

65

>20

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

78%

77%

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

80,000

32,000

40%

 24,000 

30%

 21,000 

26%

 3,000 

4%

78,000  

2,000 

 900 

400

7

67

>20

1%

17%

32%

25%

19%

4%

2%

76%

72%

 19,800 

 10,200 

 3,800 

 5,400 

 400 

43%

74%

57%

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

>75%

Annual

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

89

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Metric

Turnover

Engagement

Voluntary Turnover 

Involuntary Turnover 

Engagement Index

Unit

% of associates

% of associates

%

Engagement Index Improvement/Decline (vs. prior year)

Percentage points

Team

Direct Supervisor Effectiveness Index

Diversity Index

Inclusion Index

Pay Equity*

U.S. Women Weighted Median Base Pay vs Male Associates

U.S. Black, Asian and Hispanic/Latinx Weighted Median Base Pay 
vs White Associates

%

%

%

%

%

7.0%

5.2%

72%

+4

77%

83%

82%

—

—

Associate Resource 
Groups (ARGs)

Diversity  
Representation 

Asian Descent + Friends (US & Canada)

% increase in # of members year-over-year —

Black + Friends (US & Canada)

Latinx + Friends (US & Canada)

LGBTQ + Friends (US & Canada)

Women + Friends (US & Canada)

Global Women

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

North America

Western Europe

High Growth Markets

Other Developed Markets

U.S. People of Color

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

% increase in # of members year-over-year —

% increase in # of members year-over-year —

% increase in # of members year-over-year —

% increase in # of members year-over-year —

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

35%

26%

29%

36%

36%

34%

35%

25%

33%

18%

25%

35%

* 2021 figures also include short-term incentive compensation (STI)

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

4.8%

5.1%

79%

+7

82%

88%

86%

100%

>100%

165%

350%

155%

220%

185%

36%

29%

31%

37%

36%

36%

37%

27%

33%

18%

27%

35%

8.0%

3.5%

78%

-1

83%

89%

86%

100%

>100%

130%

130%

170%

50%

110%

37%

31%

33%

39%

38%

37%

39%

27%

39%

22%

31%

41%

<5%

Annual

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

100%

100%

Annual

Annual

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

40%

2025

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

38%

2025

—

—

—

—

—

—

90

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Metric

Unit

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

Diversity  
Representation 
(continued)

Team

U.S. Associates

White

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

Asian

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

Hispanic/Latinx

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

Black

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

American Indian/Alaskan Native

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

Native Hawaiian/Other Pacific Islander

Executives & Senior Leaders

Managers

Individual Contributors

Two or More

Not Specified

# of associates

 21,300 

24,000

29,600

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

% of total

61%

76%

71%

59%

14%

11%

12%

14%

12%

4%

8%

12%

5%

3%

3%

6%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

2%

6%

61%

76%

69%

60%

15%

11%

13%

15%

11%

4%

8%

12%

6%

3%

3%

6%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

1%

<1%

<1%

1%

2%

5%

55%

74%

64%

54%

18%

13%

16%

19%

11%

4%

8%

12%

7%

4%

4%

7%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

1%

<1%

1%

1%

2%

5%

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

91

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Metric

Environmental  
Metrics 

Total Energy Use

Total Energy Use (intensity)

Reduction vs. 2019

Direct Energy Use

Indirect Energy Use

Unit

GJ

GJ per million USD revenue

%

GJ

GJ

Environment

Total GHG Emissions, Scope 1 and 2 Location Based

Metric tons CO2e

Total GHG Emissions, Scope 1 and 2 Location Based (intensity) Metric tons CO2e per million USD revenue

19.0

Reduction vs. 2019

GHG Emissions, Scope 1

GHG Emissions, Scope 1 (intensity)

GHG Emissions, Scope 2 Location Based

GHG Emissions, Scope 2 Location Based (intensity)

GHG Emissions, Scope 2 Market Based

GHG Emissions, Scope 2 Market Based (intensity)

Total Waste Generated

%

—

Metric tons CO2e
Metric tons CO2e per million USD revenue
Metric tons CO2e
Metric tons CO2e per million USD revenue
Metric tons CO2e
Metric tons CO2e per million USD revenue
Metric tons

Total Waste Generated (intensity)

Metric tons per million USD revenue

2.8

Non-hazardous/Non-regulated Waste Generated

Non-hazardous/Non-regulated Waste Diverted  
From Disposal

Non-hazardous/Non-regulated Waste Sent to Landfill  
or Incineration

% of Non-hazardous/Non-regulated Waste Sent  
to Landfill or Incineration

Metric tons

Metric tons

Metric tons

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

4,391,115 

4,558,497 

5,173,639 

247.8

—

238.9

—

186.7

-24.7%

 2,102,274 

2,103,395 

2,392,801 

 2,288,841 

2,455,102 

2,780,838 

336,561 

349,682 

372,468 

18.3

—

138,341 

141,040 

7.8

7.4

13.4

-29.3%

155,974 

5.6

198,220 

208,642 

216,493 

11.2

219,166 

12.4

49,477  

30,195 

18,094 

10.9

7.8

233,726 

226,042 

12.3

64,271 

3.4

36,578 

24,950 

8.2

76,255 

2.8

41,322 

28,896 

12,101 

11,628 

12,426 

—

—

*

—

—

*

—

*

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

*

—

—

*

—

*

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

% of Total Waste Generated

40.1%

31.8%

30.1%

Reduction vs. 2019 baseline

Hazardous/Regulated Waste Generated

Hazardous/Regulated Waste Sent to Landfill  
or Incineration

%

Metric tons

Metric tons

—

 19,282 

 8,124 

—

 27,693 

 8,659 

-24.9%

 34,933 

 14,567 

Hazardous/Regulated Waste Diverted From Disposal

Metric tons

 11,159 

 19,034 

 20,366 

Total Water Use

Total Water Use (intensity)

Cubic meters

 4,275,447 

 6,120,486 

 6,818,699 

Cubic meters per million USD revenue

241.3

320.7

246.0

-15%

2024 vs. 2019

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

*  In September 2022, Danaher announced a new 2032 goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50.4% (on an absolute basis) compared to 2021 

levels. This new goal supersedes the company's prior intensity-based GHG and energy reduction targets.

92

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Metric

Unit

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

Health and Safety 
Performance 

Total Recordable Incident Rate (TRIR)

See accompanying "Notes"

Reduction

%

Days Away Restricted or Transferred (DART)

See accompanying "Notes"

Environment

EHS Management 
Program  
Certifications

Reduction

%

Total EHS Significant Manufacturing & Assembly Sites (Globally)

# of sites

ISO 14001 Certified

ISO 45001 Certified

ISO 50001 Certified

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

Speak Up! Compliance 
Reporting 

Speak Up! Reports Received and Investigated

# of reports

Speak Up! Reports Received per 100 Danaher Associates

# of reports per 100 associates

Code of Conduct

In-scope Associates Who Completed Code of Conduct  
and Related Certification

Self-Identifying Reporters

% of total reporters

% of total in-scope associates

Foundational 
Elements

Board of Directors

Female Directors

Racially/Ethnically Diverse Directors

Directors Born Outside of the U.S.

Independent Directors Under 50 Years Old

# of Directors

% of total

# of Directors

% of total

# of Directors

% of total

# of Directors

% of total Independent Directors

0.68

—

0.47

—

 — 

 — 

 — 

 — 

>850

1.5

42%

98%

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

0.54

0.51

-21% y/y

-6% y/y

0.34

0.37

-28% y/y

+9% y/y

 177 

 50 

 17 

 6 

>850

1.3

46%

98%

4

31%

3

23%

3

23%

2

20%

 149 

 56 

 19 

 5 

>980

1.4

46%

99%

4

29%

4

29%

4

29%

3

27%

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

>1.0

>40%

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

Annual

Annual

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

93

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAPPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Metric

Unit

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

Foundational 
Elements

Y
T
I
L
A
U
Q
T
C
U
D
O
R
P
E
C
I
V
E
D
L
A
C
D
E
M

I

Management  
Program  
Certification
FDA Registered 
Sites 
Classified by highest-risk 
device produced at site 
(2021 data is as of  
April 2022)

ISO 13485 Certification

Total

Life Sciences Segment

High (III)

Medium (II)

Low (I)

Diagnostics Segment

High (III)

Medium (II)

Low (I)

Environmental & Applied Solutions Segment -  
Water Quality Platform

High (III)

Medium (II)

Low (I)

Environmental & Applied Solutions Segment -  
Product Identification Platform

FDA Inspection  
Results

FDA Recalls

High (III)

Medium (II)

Low (I)

Consent Decrees

Warning Letters

483 Observations

Total FDA Recalls

Class I

Class II

Class III

FDA Initiated

% of total in-scope facilities that  
are certified

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of sites

# of decrees

# of letters

# of observations

# of recalls

# of recalls

# of recalls

# of recalls

# of recalls

Seizures/Consent Decrees

# of seizures/decrees

—

56

19

0

10

9

36

2

26

8

1

0

1

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

4

17

0

17

0

0

0

100%

100%

100%

Annual

53

17

0

9

8

35

2

24

9

1

0

1

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

23

0

22

1

0

0

57

18

0

9

9

38

3

27

8

1

0

1

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

2

18

0

18

0

0

0

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

0

0

0

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

Annual

Annual

Annual

—

—

—

—

—

—

94

2022 Danaher Sustainability Report 
 
 
APPENDIX

Pillar

Category

Revenue

Financial  
Results

Metric

Danaher

Life Sciences Segment

Diagnostics Segment

Supply Chain

Annual Spend

Global Suppliers

Environmental & Applied Solutions Segment

Unit

USD billion

USD billion

USD billion

USD billion

USD billion

# of suppliers

2019

2020

2021

Goal

Timeframe

17.9

7.0

6.6

4.4

—

—

22.3

10.6

7.4

4.3

8.2

29.5

15.0

9.8

4.7

9.1

>80,000

>80,000

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

—

Notes to Sustainability  & ESG Data Summary
•  Unless otherwise indicated, all data presented is as of December 31 of the referenced year, 

•  “Total Recordable Incident Rate” is defined as the number of work-related injuries or illness 

unless the nature of the metric is such that it covers the entire year.  Certain components 

cases serious enough to require treatment beyond first aid, per 100 associates.

may not sum due to rounding. A dash indicates that the particular metric is not provided for 

the indicated time period (or in the case of “Goals,” that there is no public goal with respect to 

•  “Days Away, Restricted or Transferred” is defined as the number of work-related injuries or 

such metric).

illness cases that result in an associate working with physical restrictions, being away from 

work or unable to do their job or transferring to other work, per 100 associates.

•  Danaher completed its disposition of its Envista business on December 18, 2019. The 

2019 data under the categories “Internal Fill,” “Turnover,” “Engagement,” “Diversity 

•  Under “FDA Registered Sites of Danaher’s Subsidiaries”, sites are classified according to 

Representation,” “Health and Safety Performance” and “Code of Conduct” all include 

the highest-risk device produced at the site.

Envista. All other data in the table excludes Envista.

•  All data under the category “Diversity Representation” includes full-time and part-time associates. 

Black director and directors of Middle Eastern, North African and Asian descent.

•  The four racially/ethnically diverse members of Danaher’s Board of Directors include a 

•  “Executives & Senior Leaders,” “Managers” and “Individual Contributors” are mutually 

exclusive categories and are the three highest-level categories we use to classify all full-

time and part-time associates.

95

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportContact Us

General Correspondence
c/o Corporate Secretary
2200 Pennsylvania Avenue NW
Suite 800W
Washington, DC 20037

Phone: 202.828.0850
Fax: 202.828.0860

www.danaher.com

Sustainability
This sustainability report, along with  
all past reports, can be viewed at  
https://danaher.com/sustainability

Additional inquiries can be directed  
to Danaher’s corporate office  
or Danaher’s Sustainability  
contact at sustainability@danaher.com

Endangered Wildlife in the Galapagos by Mike Kirtland, Cytiva associate

96

2022 Danaher Sustainability ReportAll of the photographs featured throughout this report were taken by our associates, or feature Danaher associates in action.

We are proud to share these incredible images from around the world, demonstrating what sustainability means to our team, and we hope you enjoy them as much as we do.

At Danaher, we view sustainability as a fundamental responsibility and a strategic priority that touches every aspect of our business.

With this in mind, our sustainability strategy is to help of these three strategic pillars, and I’m pleased to share the generations of our stakeholders Realize Life’s Potential by details with you in our 2022 Sustainability Report.

Protecting our environment. commitment to sustainability and details a number of important milestones we have achieved over the past year, including the evolution of our sustainability strategy, the introduction of several new life changing technologies, an.

System (DBS), we have made notable progress across each ambitious new greenhouse gas (GHG) reduction targets.

Innovating Products That Improve Lives and Our Planet One of our Core Values, Innovation Defines Our Future, storage and transportation needs and ultimately their environmental footprint.

These are just a few examples that illustrate the world shaping impact of Danaher innovation we’re proud to share many more in the drives us to boldly pursue new technologies and solutions pages that follow.

Over the past year we recruited several globally recognized physician scientists to serve as chief science and or technology officers across Danaher.

This platform level network will leverage their deep customer, technical and market expertise to strategically guide R D programs, collaborations and proprietary opportunities in pursuit of transformative scientific advancements and breakthrough customer solutions.

Gene Therapy Consortium (BGTC) in May 2022 to help expedite the development of breakthrough gene therapies for rare disorders, and IDT’s award winning rhAmpSeq CRISPR Analysis System speeds up the lifesaving genome editing research that powers the future of medicine.

In Diagnostics, Leica Biosystems’ new BOND PRIME Advanced Staining platform facilitates a fully automated and adaptable pathology lab workflow that delivers clear stains for definitive cancer diagnoses faster than ever before.

We know that the best team is a diverse and engaged one, and we are deeply committed to continued progress on our D I journey.

Earlier this year, we adopted the Danaher DEI Policy which details our commitment to diversity and inclusion at all levels of the organization.

At Danaher we believe that what is measured is what moves, and we track a number of associate metrics and demographics to measure the effectiveness of our D I program and progress toward our representation goals.

We strive not only to increase the diverse representation of our team, but also to create an environment where associates have a strong sense of belonging and can achieve professional and personal fulfillment.

Resource Groups, whose membership more than tripled in 2021.

I am pleased to reaffirm Danaher’s support of the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact.

We are committed to aligning our strategy, culture and operations with the initiative’s principles in the areas of human rights, labor, environment and anti corruption.

This report serves as our UN Global Compact Communication of Progress and we are proud to continue supporting this important endeavor.

In Closing Every day across Danaher, we work to positively increasingly urgent need to take swift action to address impact the world around us in meaningful ways.

Within this challenge we levels, which aligns to the prevailing climate science see tremendous opportunity to help our associates, goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius customers, and shareholders Realize Life’s Potential.

We know that when we bring together the scope and our more than 29% reduction in Scope 1 and 2 GHG scale of our innovations, the passion and dedication of emissions (normalized to revenue) from 2019 to 2021, our teams, and our deeply ingrained commitment to which substantially exceeded our original five year continuous improvement, the potential for long term reduction target of 15%.

We expect that our powerful positive impact is limitless.

Thank you for your partnership as we build a future GHG reductions. sustainable future together.

Our commitment to continuous improvement compels us to take meaningful actions that benefit the greater good, and DBS continues to be a uniquely powerful system for supporting our environmental ambitions.

President and Chief Executive Officer our facilities around the world identify, prioritize and implement measures to optimize water use.

And we’re proud to support our customers in their sustainability endeavors in the pages that follow, we share several examples of how our innovative technologies are also helping customers reduce their environmental impact.

This section provides a brief introduction to Danaher our history, how we work, and our businesses.

Our groundbreaking global businesses transform the fields of life sciences, diagnostics, water quality and product identification.

Danaher is a global science and technology innovator committed to helping customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world.

Mitchell Rales envisioned a new kind of manufacturing company one dedicated to continuous improvement and customer satisfaction.

The root Dana is an ancient Celtic word meaning swift flowing, an apt descriptor for the nimble mindset and rapid flow of innovation that have defined Danaher for decades.

Danaher was established in 1984 as a group of discrete, manufacturing businesses.

It soon became one of the first companies in North America to adopt kaizen, the Japanese business philosophy of continuous improvement.

Starting in the mid 1990s, Danaher organized its businesses around strategic platforms with sustainable competitive advantages in sizeable global markets.

Danaher established leadership positions in the sectors that define it today, beginning with water quality in 1998 and followed by product identification (2001), diagnostics (2004) and life sciences (2005).

Today, Danaher is a science and technology innovator committed to helping our customers solve complex challenges and improving quality of life around the world.

Helping scientists around the world work at a molecular level to understand chronic disease and infection, develop and produce new therapies, and test new drugs.

Providing critical tools and software for clinicians to safeguard patient health, improve diagnostic confidence, and enhance patient care.

Ensuring the freshness and safety of food, pharmaceuticals and consumer goods.

Protecting our global water supply and promoting environmental stewardship.

Our Shared Purpose Our Shared Purpose Helping Realize Life’s Potential is our inspiration for everything that we do.

Our innovations solve complex customer problems, address emerging societal challenges, expand access to healthcare, and help ensure a cleaner, safer environment.

We are a purpose led, high performing team driven by the power of the Danaher Business System.

With a strong foundation built on a commitment to integrity, compliance and sound governance, Danaher strives to Help Realize Life’s Potential for all our stakeholders.

The Danaher Business System The Danaher Business System (DBS) has been the foundation of our performance and culture since our company’s earliest days.

The world and our portfolio of businesses has changed meaningfully since then, and we continuously evolve our DBS tools and processes to best serve all our stakeholders.

Inspired by our Core Values and guided by our Shared Purpose, DBS drives a continuous cycle of innovation and improvement.

It helps us navigate our toughest challenges, deliver innovative products and solutions, grow our businesses and develop the very best teams.

DBS is our competitively advantaged system of continuous improvement and the culture that makes it work.

DBS is our competitively advantaged system of continuous improvement and the culture that makes it work.

Every day, scientists around the world are working to understand the causes of disease, develop new therapies and vaccines and test new drugs.

Our Life Sciences businesses make this leading edge scientific research possible.

Our capabilities extend beyond research to power the creation of biopharmaceuticals, cell and gene therapies and other breakthrough treatments to advance patient health and improve treatment outcomes.

Pall associate Ana Rita Charneca at Pall’s Center of Excellence in Portsmouth, U.K.

Our Diagnostics businesses provide clinical instrumentation, consumables and software to help healthcare professionals safeguard patient health and improve diagnostic confidence wherever health care happens, from clinics and physicians’ offices to leading trauma, cancer and critical care centers.

Our diagnostics solutions help inform treatment decisions for millions of patients every day while automating and streamlining laboratory workflows, so healthcare professionals can provide better patient care.

Our diagnostics solutions help inform treatment decisions for millions of patients every day.

From innovative consumer packaging to drinking water purification, our Environmental Applied Solutions (EAS) businesses help protect precious resources and keep our global food and water supplies safe.

EAS is comprised of two platforms: Water Quality and Product Identification.

As the world’s population increases, so too does the demand for our most precious resource: water.

Quality businesses help protect the global water supply and ensure environmental stewardship.

We deliver precision instrumentation, advanced purification technology, software and treatment solutions to help analyze, disinfect and manage the world’s water across environmental, municipal, commercial and industrial applications.

Every day, we trust packaging to ensure freshness, consistency and authenticity of products around the world.

Our Product Identification businesses provide color management, packaging design, and marking and coding technologies that help protect the world’s food supply, secure pharmaceutical packaging and track consumer goods, while our comprehensive digital tools and software solutions help customers bring more products to market faster.

We drive sustainability improvements through people, process, technology and, above all, through DBS.

For us, sustainability means a commitment to considering the long term interests of our associates, customers, shareholders, business partners, communities and planet in everything we do.

We are committed to helping generations of stakeholders Realize Life’s Potential.

When we bring together our innovative portfolio, the dedication of our passionate people and our deeply ingrained commitment to continuous improvement, our potential to create a better world is limitless.

We drive sustainability improvements through people, process, technology and, above all, through DBS.

We drive and sustain improvements throughout our areas of sustainability impact, including with our customers (through our products, services and solutions) and in our commercial organization, supply chain, operations, workplace, communities and environment.

We prioritized each topic based on the intersection of relative stakeholder importance, and value at stake for Danaher, our stakeholders, including our regular sustainability yielding the following priority topics: prioritization assessments.

We are committed to periodically refreshing our prioritization assessment and in 2022, with the assistance of a third party consulting firm, we completed an updated assessment of the priority sustainability topics for our business.

Surveys of approximately 300 Danaher associates across all of our major businesses and geographies.

Approximately 125 interviews and surveys with internal and external stakeholders including investors, customers, regulators and third party rating firms.

Extensive benchmarking of the sustainability strategies and programs of our peer companies.

Insights from a social listening tool that uses artificial intelligence to monitor and analyze data across traditional and social media to identify the sustainability topics with greatest impact to Danaher l s r e d o h e k a t r e h a n a o t e c n a t r o p m.

For us, sustainability means a commitment to considering the long term interests of our associates, customers, shareholders, business partners, communities and our planet in everything we do.

Danaher’s Sustainability Committee develops and oversees the execution of our sustainability strategy.

Committee, and is responsible for reviewing and approving Danaher’s sustainability reports. and legal functions.

Board of Directors, to help identify potential risks shareholders, business partners, communities and our and opportunities and inform business decisions.

Ongoing engagement with industry groups and associations: As part of our inclusive approach, Danaher participates in industry groups and and the planet.

Danaher is committed to engaging associations that help drive sustainability practices with a variety of stakeholders to understand their within our company and across our industries.

We expectations of Danaher and how our activities affect identify a number of those industry groups and them including with respect to environmental issues.

Engaging with a broad range of stakeholder groups: specialists and solicit suggestions for improvements.

At the start of each reporting cycle, we review feedback operations and customers in dozens of countries, from our stakeholders and these advisors and adjust our impact is broad.

We therefore engage with a our disclosure where appropriate.

For example, during 2021, in addition to our traditional investor relations outreach efforts, we directly engaged with shareholders representing over 25% of our outstanding common shares on a range of sustainability topics.

Our investor relations efforts have been recognized with numerous awards over the years, including those noted to the right.

Best Corporate Governance (U.S.): 2014, 2015, 2018, 2021.

Best Investor Relations Program in Healthcare (U.S.):.

Best Investor Relations Program in Healthcare (Global):.

Best Overall Investor Relations Program (U.S.): 2018.

Best Investor Relations Officer (U.S.): 2021, 2022.

Best Investor Relations Professional: 2017, 2020, 2022.

Realize Life’s Potential by enhancing quality of life today and setting the foundation for a better world for future generations.

It is the product of the DBS Innovation Engine, part of a larger suite of integrated, function specific DBS management programs and tools.

Engine is a rigorous, holistic management program encompassing tools that facilitate innovation, process, strategy, organization, talent and culture.

A strategic framework for innovation and a process to identify and quantify how innovation will support.

A continuous improvement methodology to assess how effectively each Innovation Engine component is applied and measure the overall effect on growth.

Danaher’s IP strategy and management program, which we refer to as our IP Vision, is a critical enabler of the DBS Innovation Engine.

A common IP language and framework, strategy and business maturity model across Danaher.

A methodology for ensuring that a business’s IP organization aligns with its strategic objectives.

An educational program designed to drive IP fluency within relevant functions across Danaher.

A single technology platform that stores and categorizes IP assets across Danaher.

A unique metric that combines IP, market and financial characteristics to measure the quality of a business’s competitive positioning and identify.

An innovation model for categorizing innovation risks and opportunities types and identifying the market dynamics, leadership style and intellectual property (IP) attributes that best fit each one, and used by our operating companies to identify high value innovation in the context of their particular businesses and served markets.

Tools that prioritize the identification of high value customer problems and support the development of products, services and technologies to solve them.

In the following sections, we illustrate the impact of the DBS Innovation Engine and our IP Vision through key strategic themes in each of our business segments and examples of the breakthrough innovations driving those strategies.

These examples are representative of the broader positive impact that Danaher’s innovation has on quality of life around the world.

The rigorous process that underlies innovation at Danaher gives us confidence that the best is yet to come.

Our understanding of and ability to harness biology is accelerating.

We are applying science and technology at scale to discover, develop and deliver new biologic drugs, therapies, vaccines and tests more rapidly and more efficiently changing healthcare as we know it.

And we are applying learnings from centuries of innovation and the transformative methods of industrialization to speed up and scale up the production of high quality biological products to improve the lives of billions of people.

Today, our Life Sciences operating companies are engineering continuous biologic production processes, automating workflows at the lab bench, and creating smart plasmid DNA factories.

We are deploying modern tools of digitization, automation, and connectivity against the task of industrializing biology.

The following examples highlight how our businesses’ innovative technologies are accelerating this scientific revolution and redefining industrialization.

Scaling Quality to Support Every Level of Drug Development The scientific community requires biological ingredients like plasmids, mRNA, and proteins in different amounts and different quality grades depending on the stage of drug development.

Aldevron provides scientists with these inputs at the precise quality level required for each stage, enabling scientists to more easily transfer technology from the bench (research grade) to preparing for production scale up and early phase clinical trials (GMP Source grade) to commercial production scale (clinical grade), with no need to change materials suppliers.

This consistency can help improve confidence that bench scale experimental results can be translated to clinical production.

More Science Than Art Lipid nanoparticles (LNPs) enable the delivery of some of the most advanced DNA based therapies including mRNA vaccines and creating them used to be a complicated, time consuming, and labor intensive process that resembled art more than science.

The chemistry was challenging and required years of training and practice, as well as improvisation.

Consequently, batches of LNPs were inconsistent, making it difficult to produce material suitable for human therapeutic applications.

Precision Nanosystems’ revolutionary kit uses scalable microfluidic mixing technologies and unique lipid delivery reagents to produce significantly more stable, reproducible, consistent LNP formulations.

The standardization facilitates reproduction of reliable results during drug discovery and accelerates process development and scale up for clinical application.

Scaling Up Synthetic Biology with Automation Engineering proteins, synthesizing DNA and cloning correctly can sometimes produce additional, unintended molecules require several manual steps that are done at changes to the genome called off target effects.

Integrated DNA Technologies’ (IDT) award winning rhAmpSeq CRISPR Analysis System accelerates genome a micro level creating opportunities for inconsistency and error.

Molecular Devices is automating iterative tasks in synthetic biology with the QPix , a specialized robot editing research and provides a mechanism to assess that selects and isolates colonies of pure, single strain on and off target editing.

Its user friendly interface microbes to mass produce them.

CRISPR gene editing project completion in less than a select high performing colonies and generate consistent week, and without specialized hardware or bioinformatics and traceable data for large numbers of samples in a knowledge making this critical analysis faster and more fraction of the time a manual effort would take. accessible to more scientists.

Accelerating Microscopy Workflows Leica Microsystems recently launched the world’s first Microhub, Mica an integrated digital imaging or biological properties.

BPLM platform to efficiently integrate process data setup and workflow.

With that in mind, Beckman Coulter Life Sciences launched the award winning CytoFLEX SRT Benchtop Cell Sorter which automates setup and and knowledge generated from early development processes across the imaging workflow in one easy through commercial manufacturing.

The combination to use, automated system helping scientists move of PIMS with the BPLM platform creates the first end faster from sample to discovery.

This innovative technology enables advancing IDBS’ mission to reduce the time, cost, and than conventional microscopy workflows.

Our businesses’ innovative technologies are accelerating this scientific revolution and redefining industrialization.

Our Diagnostics businesses provide a broad range of leading solutions that help healthcare systems and clinicians meet the needs of acutely and chronically ill patients.

Our goal is to become the global leader in connected diagnostics transforming insights into answers and delivering high quality and accurate diagnostic confidence for a spectrum of critical health conditions.

Faster and more accurate diagnoses improve patient outcomes through earlier interventions and shortened hospital stays, while also driving efficiencies and conserving precious healthcare resources.

The following examples highlight some of our most impactful diagnostic technologies and solutions.

The other 18 million patients often receive extensive and unnecessary cardiac workups at a cost of over 4 billion annually.

I assay (Access hsTnI) and AMI Clinical Decision Support software solution, which quickly and accurately identifies patients with ACS or otherwise at risk for a major adverse cardiovascular event.

Beckman’s solution supports faster intervention for patients with suspected ACS, and more effectively rules out low risk patients, reducing unnecessary testing and shortening aggregate emergency department wait times by up to 36 million hours each year.

Setting the Standard for Molecular Diagnostics Innovation Since 2019 Cepheid has doubled its installed base of molecular diagnostic testing systems and today there are more than 40,000 Cepheid GeneXpert and Infinity systems in over 180 countries.

With a menu of over 35 tests spanning many disease states, Cepheid’s Lab in a Cartridge technology provides simplified, on demand access to lab quality results everywhere from major city hospitals to local clinics and remote villages.

Cepheid’s strong track record of innovation has focused on bringing more of this life changing molecular testing closer to patients to drive better outcomes and standards of care.

Xpert Xpress CoV 2 Flu RSV plus which returns results in as little as 25 minutes.

Improving Acute Care Diagnostics Every day, half a million blood samples are analyzed a devastating cancer diagnosis, a complex process that involves multiple health specialties including lab and around the world using Radiometer’s testing solutions.

Radiometer’s technology provides health care pathology professionals, often requiring several weeks for professionals with the real time, critical information they a definitive diagnosis.

This delay is extremely stressful for need in acute care diagnostics.

The ABL90 FLEX PLUS patients, and clinicians typically cannot start treatment blood gas analyzer delivers blood gas results across 19 without an accurate diagnosis.

Leica Biosystems is focused on developing novel technologies that accelerate parameters, including oxygen and carbon dioxide levels and kidney function, in just 35 seconds.

These results and connect the disparate elements of the cancer enable clinicians to accurately diagnose patients and diagnostics workflow to produce high quality patient move to effective, life saving treatments faster.

GeneXpert systems and delivered millions of Xpert test cartridges to communities in need.

Cepheid continues to enhance this program with life saving innovations that deliver greater access to molecular diagnostic testing everywhere.

Transforming the Future of Breast Cancer Diagnostics Breast biopsy site markers are placed to identify the area where breast tissue was removed, to guide follow up imaging and procedures.

Most site markers are exceedingly difficult to locate with confidence akin to finding a needle in a haystack.

To address this problem, Mammotome developed HydroMARK, a premium category of breast tissue markers that enable clinicians to visualize the marker more easily under MRIs, ultrasound and x ray imaging.

Over two million patients have had a HydroMARK tissue marker implanted at biopsy, providing faster and more comfortable follow up imaging and treatment.

HemoCue is dedicated to addressing this health priority with its lab accurate hemoglobin point of care testing.

The ability to detect anemia on the spot enables clinicians to provide immediate corrective treatment to improve the health of young children, mothers and babies.

Despite the impact of the COVID 19 pandemic, in 2021 HemoCue placed more than 8,000 hemoglobin testing systems and shipped more than 23 million tests across at risk communities in Africa, India and Latin America.

With its powerful GeneXpert system, Cepheid can respond to new health care needs and threats as they arise.

As under treated and under diagnosed diseases such as tuberculosis (TB), HIV, and Ebola resurge globally, the GeneXpert enables clinicians to run the exact test needed at the right time.

As the global community grapples with the worldwide re emergence of TB and increasing number of drug resistant strains, the need for fast and accurate TB diagnosis with the detection of drug resistance is greater than ever.

RIF and Xpert MTB RIF Ultra tests have revolutionized the management of TB infections by providing a faster and more accurate diagnosis that detects both TB and resistance to the commonly used antibiotic rifampicin.

Applied Solutions businesses protect precious resources and help keep our global food and water supply safe.

Our Water Quality businesses deliver precision instrumentation and advanced purification technology to help analyze, treat and manage the world’s water, from municipal and wastewater to lakes, streams and oceans.

And our Product Identification businesses touch consumer, industrial and pharmaceutical products throughout the supply chain to help ensure freshness, consistency, safety, and accurate labeling and tracking.

The following examples demonstrate how our innovative solutions are used to protect the world’s most precious resources.

Marking and Coding to Ensure Safety Our broad portfolio of marking, coding and printing solutions across Videojet, Laetus and FOBA print on over 10 billion products daily around the world, helping customers ensure product quality, integrity, and regulatory compliance.

The world’s leading providers of pharmaceuticals and early life nutrition use Videojet and Laetus technology to uniquely mark and track individual packages of medications and baby food and formula, helping ensure authenticity and protection against counterfeits of these highly sensitive products.

Inspiring Change with Color For World Water Day, Pantone teamed up with charity: water on a water crisis campaign to raise awareness about the global lack of access to clean and safe drinking water.

The campaign boldly stated, The world is full of stunning colors, but they’re only beautiful if you don’t have to drink them and shows the murky colored water that over 750 million people are forced to drink every day using color to increase awareness of an important global issue.

Promoting Inclusion Through Color In 2021, Pantone expanded the Skintone Guide, a comprehensive visual reference of human skin tones that can be used for a variety of applications including cosmetics and prosthetics, to accurately depict and celebrate diverse skin tones of the world.

Pantone developed the SkinTone Guide by scientifically measuring thousands of actual skin tones across the full spectrum of human skin types.

Managing the World’s Water Data Aquatic Informatics’ real time data management and analytics platform, Aquarius, enables water operators to make better decisions at any time and from any location.

Since 2005, the U.S. Geological Survey (USGS) has relied on Aquarius to efficiently manage water data from more than 22,000 stream gauging, groundwater, water quality and precipitation sites.

By leveraging the platform’s more than 58 billion historical data points and robust analytical capabilities, the USGS has increased data consistency, comparability and reliability to help agencies and scientists around the world reduce operating expenditures, protect infrastructure investments and preserve the health of ecosystems and communities.

Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), named Cepheid and Hach’s collaboration as the PCR category winner of the 2022 Rapid Wastewater SARS CoV 2 Testing Challenge.

SARS CoV 2 in wastewater within hours of sample collection, even in remote locations without easy access to off site laboratories.

Cepheid and Hach’s solution uses the Cepheid GeneXpert technology to fully automate the extraction and measurement of SARS CoV 2 in wastewater in a self contained cartridge.

Each analysis only takes 2 minutes of hands on time, and no lab experience is necessary to perform the test.

Addressing Pressing Public Health and Infrastructure Needs The world’s supply of clean water is under substantial stress due to industrialization, increasing demand, and rising biological and chemical contamination.

Trojan’s products and services play a vital role in improving the efficiency and sustainability of the water treatment process.

Today, over 150,000 Trojan ultraviolet (UV) treatment systems are installed in industrial applications worldwide and over 11,000 systems are installed in municipalities.

Collectively, Trojan’s systems treat over 70 billion gallons of drinking water and wastewater every day.

The Best Team Wins Our people are our most important strategic resource in the pursuit of innovative solutions to solve our customers’ most complex challenges.

We know that diverse and inclusive teams create real innovation breakthroughs because they provide room for big ideas and encourage all voices to be heard, which leads to better solutions and outcomes that effectively serve our global customer base.

We strive to not only increase the diversity representation of our team, but also to create an environment where associates can bring their authentic selves to work, have a strong sense of belonging, and realize their personal and professional potential to the fullest.

We are committed to reflecting these objectives in our actions, our values and the language we use every day in interactions with our associates, customers, and communities around the world.

Driven by our culture of continuous improvement, we are creating a richly diverse company where good ideas thrive and there are many pathways to success.

Our strategy for building the best team addresses culture, recruitment, development, engagement, retention and diversity and inclusion.

Resources is the executive with management level responsibility and reports to the full Board on these topics at least annually.

Attracting high performing, diverse talent is a key strategic priority for all our businesses globally.

In 2021 alone, we hired nearly 20,000 new associates.

We have invested in comprehensive talent acquisition capabilities across all levels of recruitment including robust branding, labor market analytics, advanced sourcing, leading technology and streamlined processes.

Our employer brand campaign, Wonder What’s Within, invites potential candidates to learn more about Danaher and its operating companies through real associate stories, sharing what it’s like to work within our organization and what it takes to succeed here.

One of the things I really like about HemoCue is that I’m not the only person thinking about my career growth everyone is It feels like my development is important to the company as a whole, and people are always looking out for what my next step might be.

If you show you’re willing to work and you’re willing to learn, Pall will keep helping you develop.

If the right person gets in and shows interest in a subject be it people management or fixing machines the team at Pall will train you as soon as you get in the door.

University Recruitment Another key element of our talent recruitment strategy focuses on partnering with universities and organizations across the globe to offer internships and leadership development programs in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM), operations, general management and human resources.

Many of our operating companies also have their own work study programs and often partner with educational institutions to cultivate a passion for STEM disciplines.

Diverse Talent Attraction An important component of our overall talent acquisition strategy is our focus on attracting underrepresented talent.

A key element of this program involves establishing and fostering partnerships with diverse professional organizations, some of which are represented to the left.

Another important element of our attraction efforts is the work carried out by our D I talent acquisition subject matter experts.

This cross platform team informs, educates, trains and supports the talent acquisition community and critical stakeholders in their diversity sourcing, screening, interviewing and hiring efforts.

They also encourage and inspire our leaders and associates to become active talent scouts and ambassadors in the external marketplace.

I joined Danaher for the culture, the team and the growth opportunities.

I stay because I can bring my whole self to work, and I genuinely feel that my company and team cares about me.

Our Associates’ Voices Matter 73% Associate engagement is a foundational priority for Danaher.

Support Throughout the COVID 19 Pandemic Since the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic, we have included questions in our annual Associate Engagement Survey to gauge how our associates feel about Danaher’s efforts to support them during the pandemic.

In 2021, 87% of our associates said that they believe that associate wellbeing and safety is the priority of my operating company at this phase of the COVID 19 pandemic, and 91% of our associates said that they feel supported by their direct supervisor in adapting to 1pts changes due to the COVID 19 pandemic.

In partnership with Fidelity, we launched a global financial wellbeing microsite aimed at providing high level, culturally relevant financial wellbeing educational information to all Danaher associates outside of the U.S.

In recognition of World Mental Health Day, we held our second annual Global Anti Stigma Campaign, featuring training facilitated by Danaher leaders and third party experts.

We developed guidance for managers to lead conversations about emotional wellbeing, as well as videos to share with associates showing that mental health impacts everyone.

U.S. and U.S. expatriates eight weeks of 100% paid leave within the first year of a child’s birth, adoption or foster care placement.

In 2021, we updated our adoption policy to include surrogacy reimbursement support up to 10,000 the same amount provided for adoptions.

In the U.S. we launched SWORD, a virtual physical therapy solution designed to help overcome back, to its list of family friendly benefits for associates in the U.S., joint or muscle pain from home.

Maven Clinic offers around the clock opinion service, offering guidance from medical experts to confirm or enhance current diagnoses and support for every step of parenthood from fertility treatments treatment plans.

SASB: HC BP 330a.2 and adoption to parental leave and return to work, breast milk shipping and mental health support.

Danaher Scholarship Program The Danaher Scholarship Program helps reduce the financial burden of higher education costs for Danaher families.

The recipients were selected based on academic record, demonstrated leadership, participation in school and community activities, honors, work experience and a statement of goals and aspirations.

Diversity and inclusion (D I) are key dimensions of our overall engagement strategy.

Our D I transformation began several years ago, and by 2020 we had the organizational structure and rigor in place to establish 2025 diversity goals for gender representation globally and people of color (POC) representation in the U.S.

These goals hold us accountable to drive progress toward full representation at every level of our organization.

At Danaher we believe that what is measured is what moves, so in addition to tracking our progress against these goals we track several other critical metrics that measure the effectiveness of our D I program.

White 74% Asian 13% Hispanic Latinx 4% Black 4% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more.

White 54% Asian 19% Hispanic Latinx 12% Black 7% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more.

White 64% Asian 16% Hispanic Latinx 8% Black 4% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more.

White 55% Asian 18% Hispanic Latinx 11% Black 7% American Indian Native Hawaiian Two or more 2% Not specified 5%.

EEO 1) Employment Data is available for download here.

However, we believe the data as presented in this report is the most meaningful measure of our diversity profile and performance.

Work for LGBTQ Equality, and each year since 2014 we have received a perfect score of 100.

D I Commitment In 2022, we codified our commitment to diversity and inclusion by adopting the DEI Policy.

The policy articulates the details of our commitment at the enterprise, operating company, people leader and individual contributor levels.

Inclusion Council along with executives who lead our businesses.

Creating D I accountability measures, including performance and development objectives.

Operationalizing D I initiatives and programming across all our operating companies.

Action), setting a clear tone at the top regarding D I’s critical importance to Danaher.

That message is carried through our internal communications and policies as well.

While we have made tremendous progress across our D I efforts over the last few years, we feel a sense of urgency to accelerate our work on this front.

Across Danaher, when we reach for bold objectives we care deeply about, we turn to a DBS tool called Policy Deployment (PD).

PD initiative focused on D I. PD helps our operating companies determine their critical few improvement priorities and achieve strategic breakthroughs through the implementation of new, sustainable processes.

PD’s rigorous plan do check adjust approach is helping us increase the pace and traction of our diversity representation, engagement and inclusion goals, as evidenced by the metrics shown on the previous page.

Leadership Commitment to D I As we continue to mature and evolve in our D I journey across Danaher, we are particularly focused on people leader accountability.

In 2022, for the third year in a row, Danaher is requiring each people leader to have a D I related personal performance or development objective as part of our annual review process, Performance for Growth (P4G).

Ensuring our leaders understand the importance of D I, model an inclusive culture through their own behaviors and cultivate opportunities for their teams to learn and engage is critical in advancing our D I goals.

Our annual Day of Understanding (DoU) is an important tool that our people leaders use to engage their teams in meaningful discussions around D I topics.

DoU is an addressing potential bias in the workplace and fostering a culture of inclusion and understanding.

Our 2022 DoU will focus on Persons with Disabilities.

Pay Equity Our DEI Policy articulates our commitment to pay equity (including gender and racial ethnic group pay equity) and ensuring that pay decisions are based on merit.

We proactively monitor, measure and review our pay practices and take actions toward achieving and maintaining pay equity.

In 2020, we achieved base pay equity for women and for racial and ethnic minorities in the U.S. based on an analysis of weighted median base pay.

In 2021, we expanded this analysis in the U.S. to include both base pay and short term incentive compensation (STI), and our results continue to demonstrate pay equity.

STI for women in the U.S. is 100% of the weighted median base pay and STI of men within operating companies in the same job.

Black, Asian and Latinx associates in the U.S. have a weighted median base pay and STI that is at least 100% of the weighted median base pay and STI of white associates within operating companies in the same job.

Outside the U.S., we conduct pay gap reporting by operating company in the countries where this is required, and we have voluntarily performed detailed pay fairness analyses in ten of our most populous countries covering more than 75% of our global headcount.

Associate Resource Groups We expect everyone at Danaher to support a culture that respects and appreciates individuality, and our Associate Resource Groups (ARGs) are one of our most powerful tools for promoting inclusion.

Danaher ARGs are voluntary, associate led groups for our underrepresented associates that promote a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our mission, values, goals and business practices.

ARGs offer tailored education for each group’s associates, friends and allies a safe and supportive space to connect with others and mentoring and coaching programs that help underrepresented talent build connections with a broader group of Danaher leaders and outside professionals.

Friends community, recognizing the importance of broader support for each underrepresented group.

Support for our ARGs and their members is a priority for our President and CEO and his executive team.

To establish an inclusive culture, in which women believe they can be their authentic selves.

To create and cultivate an environment where the LGBTQ community can belong as their authentic selves and realize their potential.

To unite and elevate the Latinx community at Danaher by capitalizing on our passions and realizing our aspirations.

Asian Descent associates can fulfill their professional aspirations and be valued for who they are.

Danaher ARGs are voluntary, associate led groups for our underrepresented associates that promote a diverse, inclusive workplace aligned with our mission, values, goals and business practices.

Our Associate Resource Groups are one of our most powerful tools for promoting inclusion.

The U.S. Canada ARG held a fireside chat authentic selves.

At the conclusion of this crafting Chinese paper cuts, and touching was a dynamic discussion of the history of play into their workday.

The second program was a two virtual cooking classes that featured inspirational stories of navigating their their friends and family marched together in celebration traditions.

And there was a virtual DJ that offered a fellowship opportunity for associates while listening to Black artists.

ARG build DBS competency and improve personal productivity.

Our approach to talent development is informed by DBS and framed by the 70 20 10 model: 70% of development occurs on the job, 20% through coaching and mentoring, and 10% through formal training and learning experiences.

Our goal is to get the right development experience to the right associate at the right time, whether associates are recent college graduates or seasoned leaders.

We offer a rich mix of formal programming spanning a robust curriculum of courses, supported by enterprise wide best practice sharing opportunities.

One of our most impactful talent development programs is our DBS Certified Practitioner model.

Certified Practitioners are associates who undergo a rigorous training and certification process in a particular discipline of DBS, qualifying them to train, counsel and mentor others.

We have almost 2,000 Certified Practitioners across Danaher.

Building DBS capability is fundamental to our leadership development and learning strategy.

Our pivot to virtual programming during the COVID 19 pandemic expanded the reach of several key courses to people leaders across the globe.

We also support our associates in their pursuit of continuing education outside of Danaher, with most of our operating companies offering tuition reimbursement and educational assistance programs.

On average, there are typically more than 2,000 job openings across the company.

Danaher Go is our internal mobility program that supports our commitment to hiring and growing careers from within.

Our internal policy reinforces this commitment by encouraging associates to pursue intra Danaher career moves and ensuring they receive the support to do so from their manager and senior leadership.

To ensure our recruitment team has visibility to the career backgrounds and aspirations of our associates, we regularly encourage our associates to complete and update their Career Profile in our Workday HR information system.

Excludes Annual Training Program and blended courses (instructor led with on demand components).

P4G guides associates and their managers in setting clear personal performance and development objectives aligned to our strategic priorities and assessing associate performance against these goals.

This required annual process helps our people leaders establish an effective plan for their associates, accurately assess associate performance, provide actionable and ongoing feedback and recognize and reward exceptional work.

P4G annual reviews are structured around performance assessments against formal, annual objectives as well as our four Core Behaviors, which we introduced in 2021.

P4G performance appraisal rating system determines each associate’s salary merit increase for the following year (and bonus payout for bonus eligible associates). agreements).

Compensation We are committed to offering associates competitive compensation that accounts for geography, industry, experience and performance.

Danaher and its operating companies’ compensation programs and practices are designed to attract associates, motivate and reward performance, drive growth and support retention.

Compensation at Danaher typically includes base wages and some form of variable bonus or incentive opportunity.

More than 90% of our associates participate in our bonus or incentive programs.

Our Executive Compensation Program is designed to reward executive officers who achieve annual business goals, build long term shareholder value and maintain long term careers with Danaher.

Our program’s emphasis on long term equity awards tied closely to shareholder returns and subject to significant vesting and holding periods has been fundamental in attracting skilled executives, encouraging them to build long term careers with Danaher, and motivating them to achieve sustainable operating and financial performance through a range of economic cycles.

At Danaher’s annual meeting of shareholders in May 2022, approximately 94% of the votes cast were in favor of the say on pay proposal.

Collective Bargaining Of Danaher’s U.S. associates, approximately 400 were hourly rated, unionized associates at the end of 2021.

As set forth in Danaher’s Sustainability Policy, our businesses are required to respect each associate’s legal rights to make an informed decision, free of coercion, about membership in associations and or labor unions, and are required to bargain in good faith with these associations and labor unions.

Danaher’s Community Impact Strategy Our team’s passion for solving complex challenges reaches well beyond the lab, manufacturing facility or office, and extends into our local communities around the globe.

And as a leading science and technology innovator, we have a unique opportunity to address some of society’s toughest problems.

Danaher’s community impact strategy relies on a targeted approach to community investment, with a preference for programs that share our commitment to diversity and inclusion.

Danaher is committed to leveraging our time, talent, product and financial resources to deliver on a community impact strategy commensurate with our growth, abilities, the expectations of our stakeholders and, most importantly, our Shared Purpose.

Cytiva associates planting native trees at the Tauranga, New Zealand site community engagement around the world.

Their diverse backgrounds and experiences offer limitless ideas for continuous improvement and how we focus our resources to build communities and people.

We celebrate and fuel this passion in a number of ways.

We offer an associate platform that enables the pursuit and tracking of personal and team based volunteerism.

Volunteer programs will be available globally in 2023.

Associates can translate the hours they volunteer into grants to the nonprofits of their choice.

Danaher matches donations from associates to eligible organizations, up to 500 per associate per calendar year.

Note: As of 2022, these three programs are currently available to full and part time associates in the U.S. and Canada only.

Biomedical Science Careers Program (BSCP), a non profit organization working to increase the representation of minorities and disadvantaged individuals in science and medicine.

BSCP partners with organizations and businesses like Cytiva to provide mentorship opportunities for academically outstanding students.

To date, Cytiva has supported 2,000 students’ participation in the program free of charge and invested in academic scholarships.

Cytiva is working to expand its partnership with BSCP with the goal of supporting 10,000 students annually.

At Cytiva, we want to move from discussion to action to impact.

BSCP has impacted thousands of lives and countless individuals are now pursuing biomedical careers thanks to BSCP’s mentorship, development and support.

We’re excited to contribute our experience, expertise and resources.

BSCP interns and Cytiva Vice President Emmanuel Abate volunteering at the Community Harvest Project, which targets hunger relief in the Grafton, MA community.

Mentorship in Action City Year UK is an education and youth social action charity that challenges 18 to 25 year olds to tackle educational inequality through a year of full time voluntary service.

As mentors, tutors and role models in schools, participants support 1,500 at risk youth in disadvantaged communities in London, Birmingham and Greater Manchester.

Participants become integral to the school day, supporting young people in their academic and social emotional learning, both in and out of the classroom.

Potential through a program of training, coaching and career development opportunities.

Danaher’s London based operating companies partner with City Year UK throughout the year to help develop the employability skills of around 150 young people.

Our associates work with these emerging leaders on their professional skills through one on one mentoring and career exploration, guest speakers, mock interviews and visits to Danaher operating company sites.

Manisha, who attends one of City Year’s London schools, met monthly to help Manisha plan and set goals for what’s next in her career.

Samit helped me look at life with a different perspective.

In our first meeting he asked me, When it comes to your career, what is your heart telling you and your head telling you ’ I couldn’t answer.

He helped me find a balance with working in a creative industry which has been a passion of mine and focusing on my strengths and where I can continue to grow as a person.

Having Samit as my mentor made me more confident and the knowledge he imparted will always stay with me.

I had the pleasure of being a mentor in City Year’s Bridge Builder program this year and I really enjoyed the experience of coaching Manisha.

We focused on building her resume and professional networking profiles, and how to convey her experience and passions with confidence and maturity.

It was fulfilling to give advice to a young me’ and I thank City Year for creating such a platform.

Building the Next Generation of STEAM Leaders The Henry Ford Invention Convention is the largest kindergarten through 12th grade invention education program in the U.S., with an annual competition that features more than 147,000 student inventions from across the country.

In 2022, Danaher scientists and engineers served as judges, applying their scientific expertise to review student submissions.

Convention’s Health and Medical Award, which recognizes a notable student who successfully addresses a health and medical technology problem that could one day save lives.

Redondo Beach, CA, for the Tasty IV Flush, a flavored pellet that makes saline solution taste better, creating a more positive patient experience.

Patients undergoing continuous IV treatments need to have their IV line flushed with a saline solution, which can be tasted by the patient.

Dylan’s mom had recently undergone cancer treatment, and a friend had been treated for hemophilia.

As Dylan told the judges, Research supports a lot of people have this problem, and it impacts how they react to treatment.

I tried different flavors mixed with a saline solution and surveyed my family and friends to see which flavors they liked best.

The idea is that a patient could pick a flavor from all the options, and it would taste like they had a candy in their mouth during treatment and they would have a better experience.

Shared Purpose, our Core Value The Best Team Wins which includes a commitment to the fundamental and our Sustainability Mission Statement, which states principles of human rights.

We believe respect for human rights is a cornerstone for a sustainable business.

This commitment to upholding the dignity of every person and respecting and protecting human rights applies to all Danaher locations and businesses worldwide.

We believe we have an opportunity and obligation to positively impact the protection of human rights within our sphere of influence, and we expect our suppliers to act in accordance with internationally recognized human rights standards.

In 2021, Danaher became a signatory of the UN Global Compact (UNGC) to demonstrate our commitment to the 10 principles of the UNGC on human rights, labor, environment and anti corruption.

We recognize that human rights due diligence is a continuous process.

We seek to use policies, training, processes and monitoring systems that advance this commitment across all areas of our business.

We expect each Danaher associate to act lawfully toward other associates, colleagues, business partners and those in local communities.

We do not tolerate the abuse of human rights in our operations.

International Covenant on Economic, Social in administrative, business, technical, professional,.

We expect our suppliers to share our commitment to respect human rights.

Supplier Code of Conduct, which sets forth our expectations around supplier business practices, including human rights.

We are committed to implementing and improving due diligence processes to assess risks relating to human rights.

In addition, our supplier risk assessment risk management program and our EcoVadis supplier sustainability due diligence, assessment and monitoring program assess and monitor supplier human rights practices, among other topics.

Chain Sustainability section of this report for additional detail.

As an employer and a corporate citizen, we are aware of our role in the communities in which we operate.

We seek to respect the rights of local communities and those who live and work there consistent with international human rights standards.

We strive to monitor and address the local and global environmental impacts of our business operations, and to create positive impacts on adjacent communities through local engagement and charitable programs.

Please refer to the report section In Our Communities for more information regarding our community impact initiatives.

ILO Convention Concerning Discrimination in Respect of Employment and Occupation management and executive career categories are required to certify their understanding of the Code of Conduct and all.

Our commitment to human rights also spans a range of its requirements, including the Code requirements relating topical areas, as detailed on the following page.

In addition, associates in our procurement function participate in annual human rights training.

All Danaher employment practices are required to comply with all applicable laws and regulations, including those concerning hours, compensation, opportunity and working conditions.

Our businesses are required to respect each associate’s legal rights to make an informed decision, free of coercion, about membership in associations and or labor unions.

Our businesses are also required to bargain in good faith with these associations and labor unions.

Our policy is to support and comply with child labor laws across our operations and supply chain.

We do not accept or condone any aspect of forced or compulsory labor.

We strictly prohibit our associates and suppliers from engaging in human trafficking related activities.

Our policy is that all associates work in a clean and safe environment.

In the interest of maintaining a safe and healthy workplace, we require full compliance with applicable workplace safety and industrial hygiene standards as mandated by law.

Innovation section of this report for additional details).

We disability, veteran status, citizenship status, sexual also recognize our responsibilities to ensure the quality and orientation, gender identity, gender expression or any other safety of our products from the discovery phase to post characteristic protected by law.

We do not tolerate unlawful commercialization, and to price our products and solutions discrimination or harassment, and our Code of Conduct responsibly to ensure that they reflect their value.

We are committed to providing effective resolution to the extent we have caused or contributed to adverse human rights impacts.

The Danaher Speak Up helpline, together with the other reporting channels identified in our Code of Conduct, are the grievance mechanisms available to associates, business partners and other persons.

Vice President of Human Resources is responsible for human rights in our direct operations. further expands upon these expectations.

We are committed to protecting the privacy of those who entrust us with their personal information, including our customers, website visitors, associates, clinical research participants and all who do business with us.

We are committed to explaining how personal information can be corrected, updated or deleted and taking steps to keep personal information secure.

Access to healthcare, including access to innovative medical devices and other technologies, is a critically important focus for the global health community and our company.

At Danaher, we believe one of the most significant opportunities we have is to improve access to healthcare, and that our critical contribution lies in continuing to invest in products and solutions that support the discovery and development of lifesaving treatments to address the world’s most intractable health challenges.

While governments play a lead role in ensuring human rights for their citizens, we believe corporations also have an important duty to operationalize human rights in daily interactions with associates, customers and business partners.

Which is why we strive to be a responsible corporate citizen and to contribute positively to human rights impacts in the way we run our company.

Part of being a good corporate citizen is contributing to the communities where we live and work.

To that end, you have seen Danaher accelerate our global D I efforts and take a more visible position on matters of social justice, which we view as congruent to our position on human rights.

Protecting Our Environment Danaher is committed to protecting the environment, and the health and safety of our associates, contractors, customers, and communities.

Our environment, health and safety (EHS) vision is to drive world class EHS performance and innovation that anticipates the needs of our growing business.

Protecting the safety and health and encouraging the well being of our teams is a critical priority reflected in our Core Value, The Best Team Wins.

We believe we are the best team when our associates feel good about coming to work, are empowered to raise safety concerns, and leave safe and healthy at the end of every shift.

Our stewardship of the environment and precious natural resources for future generations are also core to our overall sustainability strategy.

Our planet is facing unprecedented environmental challenges, and we know that human health is inextricably linked to the health of our planet.

To this end, we are committed to leveraging DBS to reduce the environmental footprint of our operations and our products, reduce occupational injuries and illnesses and improve associate wellbeing.

We are also committed to pursuing opportunities for environmental improvements across our value chain.

By seeking to partner with suppliers and customers, we believe we can help address some of the world’s most pressing environmental issues more broadly and effectively than we could on our own.

To achieve our EHS aspirations, we have established policies that communicate clear expectations, track key performance indicators (KPIs) to measure our performance and set goals to drive accountability for continuous improvement.

With DBS as our driving force, we’ve developed DBS tools designed specifically to reduce energy consumption and waste generation, and we are currently piloting a DBS tool to reduce water consumption.

We are also committed to investing in the best EHS team.

Our EHS professionals play a vital role in helping us achieve our business goals by facilitating safety, quality and productivity improvements, driving environmental stewardship across our organization and strengthening associate engagement.

In the spirit of continuous improvement, we continue to enhance our EHS organizational structure including recent additions to bolster our capabilities in EHS assurance, data administration and environmental sustainability.

Danaher’s Senior Vice President and General Counsel is the executive with management level responsibility for our EHS program.

Danaher is committed to protecting the environment, and the health and safety of our associates, contractors, customers, and the communities in which we operate.

EHS laws, personal accountability, continuous improvement in EHS performance, integration of EHS principles into our business plans, product design and facilities, recycling and reuse, EHS due diligence of newly acquired businesses and public reporting of our program effectiveness.

Builds upon the EHS Policy and addresses the EHS elements most critical to our approach to sustainability.

Note: 2019 data include Envista Holdings Corporation.

Notably, Danaher’s 2021 total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was the lowest in ten years.

KPIs and Goals To drive accountability and continuous improvement, we have established goals designed to achieve meaningful improvement in our EHS performance and reduce our impact on the environment.

In this report, we are announcing our intention to reduce Danaher’s Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 50.4% on an absolute basis by 2032 (compared to a baseline year of 2021) a reduction target that aligns to the prevailing climate science goal of limiting global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre industrial levels.

We are developing a suite of tools and processes to drive this effort, with the DBS Energy Management Toolkit as our foundation.

This new, science aligned goal supersedes our prior intensity based GHG and energy reduction targets and represents an even more ambitious reduction goal.

In 2020, we announced a five year goal to reduce the percentage of non hazardous non regulated waste sent to landfill or incineration by 15%.

With the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit as the cornerstone, in 2021 we reduced the percentage of non hazardous non regulated waste sent to landfill by 25% compared to the 2019 baseline running ahead of our 2024 goal.

We also track a range of EHS related KPIs to measure the effectiveness of our program and quantify our progress.

These are provided in the data summary at the end of this report.

Investigate Go to gemba the physical location where.

Given the essential role Danaher plays in the water company best practices to create a suite of EHS specific work gets done to identify and map all systems, ecosystem, assessing water risk in our operations and tools to manage ergonomics, energetics, exposure, processes and pieces of equipment that use electricity, supply chain is critical.

Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to assess the waste reduction.

Use the guidelines and checklists in the level of water risk at each of our sites worldwide.

Toolkit to identify and prioritize opportunities for improvement and develop an action plan.

Implement Systematically execute the action plan. identifying, prioritizing and implementing measures.

Measure the impact and track results. that improve water use efficiency and optimize re use.

Sustain Monitor performance at regular intervals, keep stakeholders engaged and add new opportunities for focused review of water related market, reputational and operational risks, prioritize sites based on water management action plans to be implemented using a impact to the action plan. consumption and water basin risks, and rank potential variety of DBS tools, based on the following framework: projects for implementation.

Envision Collect and analyze data relating to electricity and natural gas usage, air line leaks, insulation and fuel.

We first introduced the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit in 2020.

The application of these tools is supported by a specially generation and disposal practices, identify improvement trained group of associates referred to as Certified types.

Practitioners (CP) and Advanced Certified Practitioners goals.

Note: Total number of EHS significant manufacturing and assembly sites globally was 149 as of the end of 2021.

Danaher defines EHS significant sites as manufacturing, assembly, laboratory, research, testing, maintenance and or warehouse facilities with a population of 25 associates or greater, or with particular inherent EHS hazards.

Initiated 4E Certified Practitioner training and certification.

Began development of DBS Energy Management Toolkit.

Initiated Energy Management Certified Practitioner training and certification.

Began pilot testing a DBS Water Stewardship Toolkit.

DBS Tools including Action Plans, Visual and Daily Management helped the team execute their EHS culture) and eleven sub elements.

Sites move through strategy, advance the site’s EHS maturity assessment beginner, foundational, mature and advanced process scores and improve property risk scores.

Talent The team focused on EHS talent development,.

EHS personnel of in scope sites to set annual goals and creating associate participation and certification three year improvement targets.

Leadership at both the opportunities in EHS risk identification and control.

Danaher and operating company levels reviews progress against these goals and targets multiple times each year.

Results The addition of a new reagent production line in 2020 initially increased the site’s year over year absolute.

Each year, we recognize the global Best EHS program energy consumption by 50% vs. 2019, but the team’s within our organization.

Property risk protection ultimately deliver a 30% reduction in 2021 vs. 2019 while still successfully growing the business.

EHS Audit Program In 2022, we updated our EHS audit process, with the goal of further enhancing our strong foundation of EHS compliance.

Our updated audit process uses internal and external EHS auditing expertise and combines focused self assessments with risk based, on site auditing by Danaher and independent third parties.

The audit process covers jurisdiction specific EHS regulatory requirements, with the objectives of identifying and correcting deficiencies as well as identifying and sharing best practices.

Approximately 25% of our EHS significant sites undergo an in person EHS audit each calendar year.

Any observed deficiencies are documented, communicated to site leadership and tracked by corporate EHS to ensure timely closure.

EHS Information Management System We use a third party EHS information management cover a wider variety of EHS topics and target a broader system, Benchmark ESG, to collect and manage EHS audience of associates.

EHS incident, severity, investigation and corrective of accountability and engagement and covers EHS action tracking topics such as safety as a priority, common hazards, managing risks, workplace violence and incident.

EHS performance metric reporting and tracking accident protocols.

Sustainability related metric reporting and tracking of Practice (CoP) to better leverage the collective.

Danaher’s EHS strategy and provide opportunities for inspection findings professional development.

Below we share a few examples of the ways our operating companies are leveraging our EHS management tools and resources to drive meaningful operational change.

Driving Energy Efficiency in Operations Since 2019, Pall Life Sciences has held 15 environmental sustainability kaizens and implemented over 90 improvement projects yielding total reductions of over 11,000 megawatt hours of energy consumption and 4,800 metric tons of CO2 emissions the equivalent of 1.6 million in total savings.

Life Sciences spent 13% less per revenue dollar on energy, gas and water compared to 2019.

Beckman Coulter Life Sciences reduced CO2 emissions by more than 25% per revenue dollar in 2021 vs. 2019 by deploying automated building management systems, converting to LED lighting and investing in high efficiency HVAC systems.

Through a combination of energy kaizens and procuring renewable electricity from our suppliers, Leica Microsystems reduced absolute CO2 emissions by more than 30% in 2021 vs. 2019.

Hach’s facility in Berlin, Germany has installed a natural gas CHP plant, which provides heat for the facility while recovering electricity.

Reducing Waste In 2021, Leica Microsystems became the first Danaher operating company to be 100% landfill free reaching zero waste to landfill in non hazardous waste operations.

All Leica Microsystems non hazardous waste streams are sent to recycling or incineration with energy recovery (where heat and or electricity is generated from waste combustion).

As an early leader in circular economy, the Hach Environmental Center in Dusseldorf, Germany has been recycling used reagents from our customers since 1978.

Cytiva’s manufacturing facility in Uppsala, Sweden has invested over 4 million since 2019 toward sustainability initiatives including reducing water consumption and waste, energy recycling, and converting to renewable energy via solar panels.

These initiatives encourage a sustainable mindset for all associates, showing it’s possible to produce the same high quality products with fewer resources and waste.

The site turns resin manufacturing waste into biogas, which is used to fuel the local municipal bus fleet.

In 2021, Cytiva generated enough biogas to fuel two bus trips around the globe.

A water reduction program helped the team reduce the amount of water used for resin production by approximately 25% in 2021 vs. 2019.

With learnings from the pilot, Cytiva is working to replicate this process across other on site production processes.

Conducted 46 improvement projects focused on water savings.

Equivalent of 2 million of annual cost savings reagents and materials.

In tandem with Pall Life Sciences’ tremendous business growth, the team has successfully reduced the percentage of non hazardous non regulated waste sent to landfill from 43% in 2019 to 31% in 2021.

Sciences deployed the DBS Waste Minimization Toolkit and held six waste minimization kaizens across Pall sites in 2021.

SCIEX used the DBS Waste Minimization toolkit to identify an 86% reduction in landfill waste and, through collaboration with waste vendors, the team reduced non hazardous waste sent to landfill by 54% compared to 2019.

Over the last few years, the site has invested more than 3 million to improve water efficiency and has reduced annual water consumption by more than 80% since 2016.

Below we share a few examples of the ways our operating companies’ innovative technologies are helping customers reduce their environmental impact.

Reducing Waste Through Packaging and Pallet Optimization Esko’s Cape Pack package design and pallet optimization software helps customers maximize the number of boxes per pallet and truckload, reducing storage and transportation needs and ultimately reducing their environmental impact.

In one application, Cape Pack facilitated changes to truck pallet height that increased the number of products per truck.

This eliminated the need for 18,100 trucks on the road, 10,000 gallons of gasoline and 909,000 trucking miles equivalent to two round trips to the moon and saved 3.4 million pounds of CO2. In another application, Cape Pack facilitated the replacement of shipping cases with trays that held 30% more product per pallet, reducing the customer’s paper consumption by over 23 tons.

The data gathered from Sea Bird Scientific’s oceanographic instruments are key tools used across numerous international programs to better understand these vital ecosystems.

Extending Product Life Span to Minimize Waste Chromatography columns are essential for separating, extracting water from milk during the condensing process, which uses Trojan’s Aquafine UV disinfection system and the Hach BioTector TOC Analyzer to ensure the quality of the extracted water is high enough to reuse.

These factories the U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration purifying and quantifying impurities and metabolites in no longer consume water from the municipal supply or and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration pharmaceutical and biologic drugs.

When a chromatography produce wastewater that must be treated by municipal rely on these instruments for accurate and actionable data to better understand weather patterns, changes in ocean environments, and the implications of climate change.

Reducing Water Waste at Breweries Water scarcity is a looming existential threat, as only 3% of the Earth’s water is freshwater.

As global breweries shift toward sustainable beer production, reducing water consumption has become a key goal.

Pall’s membrane filtration systems require fewer processing steps and column exceeds its life span, it loses stability, causing faulty separation of biological samples.

Phenomenex’s Biozen Size Exclusion Chromatography Column dSEC 2 has a life span up to 50% longer than other columns on the market.

As a result, two Biozen dSEC 2 columns can do the job previously done by three, producing less waste and minimizing chromatography replacement time and costs.

Making Zero Water Factories Possible To address global water scarcity and improve the systems and released into local waterways a savings of more than 175,000m3 of water per year in each facility.

Awards recognize outstanding contributions in the areas of energy and water efficiency, resilience and technology achievements.

ChemTreat’s advanced water treatment program was recognized for helping The National Institutes of Health (NIH) save 28 million gallons of water and 55.9 generate higher clean water yield than conventional water sustainability of its operations, a global dairy company is billion Btu of natural gas in 2020, in addition to generating treatment filters.

By reducing the amount of water retained working to eliminate water consumption and waste in its nearly 1 million in savings and promoting reliability, safety in the filter, which is not recoverable, Pall’s membrane filter systems can reduce water consumption by up to 75% compared to conventional filters.

With the help of Hach, Trojan and Hexis, two facilities in Brazil are now zero water factories.

A key element of the zero water process involves and regulatory compliance.

Our operating companies have developed trust with their associates, customers and local communities over decades.

And at Danaher, we have always recognized the importance of reputation to our success, which is why we are committed to maintaining the highest ethical standards and complying with all applicable laws, wherever we do business.

Danaher’s integrity, reputation and successful execution of our ethics and compliance program priorities are key to our growth strategy.

Studies have shown that organizations with strong reputations and compliance cultures attract better talent, are generally perceived by stakeholders as providing more value and have higher customer loyalty.

An ethical workplace also helps build the trust necessary for our associates to innovate, engage at a high level and feel comfortable bringing forward any concerns.

Danaher is committed to doing business with integrity at every level of our organization.

Our corporate ethics and compliance function is responsible for Danaher’s Code of Conduct and related policies and programs that govern how we interact with customers, colleagues, business partners, regulators and communities, and how we market our products and services.

All Danaher operating companies are required to implement and comply with these policies and programs.

The Danaher Corporate Ethics and Compliance Function A central, robust corporate ethics and compliance function reinforces our commitment to integrity.

Officer (CECO), who is responsible for developing, implementing, and maintaining Danaher’s ethics and compliance program.

Our centralized ethics and compliance function is supported by compliance leaders and teams embedded within Danaher’s businesses.

The leadership of each of Danaher’s business platforms and of Danaher’s geographic regions conduct regular compliance reviews with their respective senior management teams to stay informed and track progress on key compliance priorities and KPIs.

In 2020, an internal team of compliance professionals evaluated our compliance program against the U.S.

Corporate Compliance Programs guidance, published in June 2020.

Leveraging DBS tools to support Danaher’s ethics that convey Danaher’s expectations and and compliance program requirements relating to ethics and compliance.

Leveraging data analytics to identify and mitigate.

Supporting platform and operating company key ethics and compliance risks compliance teams and leaders.

Developing and overseeing implementation of function to manage our anti corruption risk programs and campaigns that increase associates’ assessment and risk mitigation program.

Collaborating with Danaher’s internal audit ethical awareness.

Reporting quarterly to Danaher’s Audit Committee reporting helpline and at least annually to Danaher’s Board of Directors on Danaher’s ethics and compliance program.

Developing and implementing ethics and compliance training.

Danaher’s Code of Conduct guides our everyday actions and interactions with internal and external stakeholders and is available in 19 languages.

The Code requires all Danaher directors and associates to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, provides specific guidance with respect to particular areas of ethics and compliance, and counsels our associates on how to deal with common compliance related scenarios.

The Code encourages our directors and associates to ask questions when unsure about any ethics or compliance issue and requires them to report actual or potential violations of law, our Code of Conduct or other Danaher policy.

Finally, the Code of Conduct makes clear that Danaher will not tolerate retaliation against anyone who reports a problem in good faith, nor will we tolerate retaliation against anyone for participation in an investigation.

The Speak Up call center and website are independent from Danaher and staffed by third party ethics and compliance specialists.

Speak Up is a confidential way for associates to ask questions, seek guidance and report possible violations of law or policy.

Conduct, in our offices and facilities, and on our intranet and public website.

DBS tools (particularly the Problem Solving Process) as questions if necessary and then write a summary compliance program.

We track two key metrics to appropriate to develop and implement countermeasures.

To the extent we identify a sustained and significant report.

Phone numbers are available for over 60 measure the level of trust that our associates have in countries.

Associates can also file complaints or submit the program: inquiries electronically through www.danaherintegrity.

Each year (including 2022), we target at least one Speak Up report for every 100 Danaher associates as an indication that associates feel comfortable complaints and inquiries submitted through Speak.

Danaher’s corporate ethics and compliance function their willingness to self identify as an indicator of tracks and oversees all reported concerns from trust and confidence in the program.

In 2021, we received and investigated over 980 reports.

Where appropriate we took disciplinary action, including coaching, changes having more than 40% of Speak Up reporters self identify each year is an indicator of the health of our program (this is an annual goal, including for 2022).

When associates use the Speak Up Helpline, we view.

Corporate Internal Audit Support Danaher has a robust corporate internal audit function tasked with validating that proper accounting and accounting related controls exist throughout Danaher.

Accounting Principles and to validate the effectiveness of the company’s internal controls over financial reporting.

Our internal audit team also coordinates with Danaher’s corporate ethics and compliance function to quantitatively rank our business locations from a risk perspective and develop data driven risk mitigation plans.

Well established, Danaher wide policies and programs (including the Code of Conduct) reinforce our culture of integrity within the workplace.

These include the ethics and compliance systems described in this report and, in some cases, the use of data analytics to identify and mitigate risks.

We look to industry best practices and benchmarks to track our performance against our peers.

Danaher’s ethics and compliance team works closely with the legal, human resources, internal audit, finance and other functions at all levels of our organization to monitor and help ensure ethical business practices.

People leaders have heightened responsibility to promote a culture of integrity, transparency and humility.

As part of our annual Engagement Survey, associates have the opportunity to quantitatively following our ethics and compliance policies.

Trust is one of the four Core Behaviors that guide the on the Instills Trust Core Behavior.

Managers receive annual performance reviews that are part of our P4G this feedback and create action plans to address program.

This Core Behavior emphasizes maintaining opportunities to improve.

Danaher’s core ethics and values, conducting oneself with humility and cultivating a culture of transparency.

Associates self assess and managers numerically score associate performance with respect to this element annually.

The Core Behavior score an associate receives directly impacts their compensation.

Leaders across our platforms and operating companies leverage those results to develop action plans and drive improvement, as necessary.

In general, any associate who fails to complete the required ethics and compliance training in a given year can achieve a executive career categories (the online training job categories) are required to take Code of Conduct training.

In addition, score on the Instills Trust Core Behavior of no more than 2 out of 5 (if they fail to complete one required training course) in most countries where we operate, we also require associates to certify that they have complied with the Code of or 1 out of 5 (if they fail to complete two or more required training courses).

Code of Conduct training is also provided when associates join Danaher as new hires or through acquisitions, further recognition or monetary bonuses from, or terminate, associates who do not meet our expectations with respect to and live Code of Conduct training is provided in certain cases for our shop floor and manufacturing associates.

Our culture of integrity is built and maintained by all associates, but our leaders carry an additional responsibility.

To to act ethically and how to manage the risks inherent in their job function.

In 2021, the Annual Training Program included ensure that our people leaders understand their role in building a culture of integrity, ethical leadership training is the following training courses applicable to associates in the online training job categories (specific courses assigned included in the Leadership Development Program for newly promoted mid level and senior leaders.

These sessions are are based on the associate’s role and level): facilitator led, scenario based, and rooted in real Danaher leader experiences.

Countering Bribery and Corruption Bribery and corruption are risks for all global enterprises.

Preventing, detecting and responding to these risks, as well as maintaining accurate books and records, is a critical priority for Danaher and its platforms and operating companies.

All Danaher associates must comply with all applicable laws and regulations, and all Danaher policies and processes, relating to anti bribery and anti corruption.

Our Anti Corruption Policy requires that we abide by the anti bribery and anti corruption laws of the countries in which we operate.

The Danaher Anti Corruption Policy prohibits Danaher associates and representatives from improperly making, offering, providing or authorizing the provision of anything of value to third parties to affect a decision or secure an advantage in order to obtain or retain business.

In addition, our Code of Conduct explicitly forbids facilitation payments.

The Danaher Customer Trip and Entertainment Policy of our third party sales partners, such as distributors, and Procedure sets forth the criteria that must be met through our Channel Partner Management compliance for Danaher to arrange for customer travel, including a program.

This program includes the following elements: legitimate Danaher business purpose and permissibility under applicable law and other relevant Danaher polices.

Our Channel Partner Code of Conduct articulates our.

Corruption Perceptions Index (a publicly available index that ranks countries by their perceived levels of public sector corruption), revenue by country, historical internal audit performance, business model and management input.

Assessments of ethical culture and evidence of management commitment to compliance are also key factors in determining the final risk rating of each ethics and compliance expectations and requirements of our sales channel partners.

We conduct due diligence on our third party sales partners to help ensure adherence to our Code of Conduct and reduce risk before the partner is approved to conduct business on behalf of Danaher.

Diligence is risk based and repeated at periodic intervals.

Our third party sales partners (and many of our other third party intermediaries) are required to complete our.

ABC program training, which is a condition to a Danaher operating company entering into or renewing a contract with such partner.

Danaher Gift Entertainment Policy prohibits providing drive the selection and application of anti corruption gifts and entertainment to secure business.

Danaher auditing, monitoring and risk mitigation activities across associates may not give or receive gifts and entertainment our operating companies.

The leadership of each operating as a quid pro quo for selecting a particular supplier.

Additional restrictions apply to gifts and entertainment countermeasures resulting from the ABC risk assessment. provided to government officials.

Additionally, U.S. export control regulations are intended to ensure that certain products and technologies are not sold to actors who could use them for inappropriate purposes, and many other countries have similar laws.

Danaher has implemented a number of policies, training, and processes to mitigate risks relating to these laws.

Compliance Policy describes the types of transactions subject to export control laws globally and the processes Danaher has instituted to help ensure compliance.

It is Danaher’s policy to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations against unfair competition.

Antitrust Policy addresses compliance with the U.S. federal antitrust laws, notes activities that may lead to antitrust law violations and highlights areas where European competition law may differ from U.S. law.

In addition, Danaher requires its businesses to screen all parties to a transaction before export, using a reputable screening provider, to ensure compliance with applicable trade compliance regulations.

The countries in which we operate typically regulate how goods are imported and exported.

Worldwide Import Regulations provides guidance on these regulations and requires each operating company to implement applicable policies and procedures to help ensure compliance with these laws.

The risk profile of our medical device portfolio differs other countries.

Our medical device manufacturing from that of many of our medical device peers.

U.S. Current Good Manufacturing Practices (CGMP) in vitro.

The FDA’s risk classification of our medical devices or design products.

Of these sites, 57 are registered illustrates that with few exceptions, our medical devices with the FDA and the remaining 112 sites do not are classified as low or medium risk.

Centralized Compliance Standards and Controls The Danaher Code of Conduct requires that the medical devices we make and sell strictly comply with all applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

Systems (QMS) standards and controls across our medical device operating companies to drive the safety and effectiveness of these products and services.

Below are highlights of these standards and controls.

We regularly review and update our regulatory, quality and clinical affairs KPIs as needed to support continuous improvement.

KPI related goals are established annually for each medical device operating company, and we leverage our suite of DBS tools to help us meet them.

We require our medical device operating companies to regularly track and report KPIs designed to provide transparency, drive accountability, and measure the health of our Quality Management System (QMS).

Internal and external audits, including tracking and.

We regularly review and update our regulatory, quality and clinical affairs KPIs as needed to support continuous improvement.

These reviews and updates are rooted in DBS principles and leverage the expertise and perspectives of regulatory, quality and clinical affairs professionals across Danaher.

Recent updates have focused on reflecting regulatory changes around the world and seeking to ensure that our KPI’s reflect best standards recommended by industry and standard setting organizations.

Seal Sighting in Oahu, Hawaii by Jennifer Proto, Aldevron associate management, are required to participate in annual training covering compliance with CGMP and laws governing the advertising and promotion of our products.

Danaher, including its subsidiaries, participates in advertising and sales procedures.

The KPI and auditing controls described above are bolstered by CGMP specific annual training requirements.

Danaher’s Product Safety Policy articulates Danaher’s expectations and requirements with respect to the provision of safe and effective products and services.

FDA and by similar regulatory agencies in other countries.

The FDA and independent certification organizations designated by non U.S. regulatory authorities audit or inspect Danaher registered medical device sites using a risk based process, taking into account the risk profile of the products manufactured by the site.

In connection with an inspection, the FDA may issue Form 483 Inspectional Observations, Warning Letters, and or consent decrees, which list conditions or practices that may indicate a violation of the FDA’s requirements.

Danaher’s goal each year (including 2022) is to have zero FDA Form 483 Inspectional Observations, Warning Letters and consent decrees.

Recalls A medical device recall can include actions ranging from a labeling change or an in field correction to a partial or full removal of the product from the market, depending on the nature of the issue and the risk to public health.

Medical device recalls are typically conducted voluntarily by the manufacturer but may also be mandated by FDA.

Recalls are required to be reported to FDA if the recall was initiated to reduce a risk to health posed by the device or to remedy a violation of applicable law caused by the device which may present a risk to health.

FDA classifies recalls as Class I (highest risk), Class II or Class III (lowest risk) based on the relative degree of health hazard posed by the recall.

The DRS supports and incorporates the medical device regulatory requirements described above and exceeds them, with the goal of driving world class reliability.

The customer defect tracking and resolution pillar leverages DBS to ensure that identified defects are successfully and quickly addressed.

Promotion Policy applies globally to all Danaher medical device and life sciences businesses.

Danaher and competitor products, avoid false, deceptive or misleading information, promote only the intended use of the product as legally authorized, and avoid off label claims.

Danaher’s Code of Conduct reinforces these requirements by mandating that we promote our medical products solely based on their approved labeling, that we sell our products through accurate and truthful communications, and that all information about our medical products be truthful, balanced and supported by data and relevant experience.

In particular, all in scope associates are trained and tested annually on the then current regulations applicable to MAPSS materials as well as content specific to the associate’s particular job function.

In addition, the MAPSS policy also requires Danaher’s corporate staff to audit all our medical device manufacturing and or design facilities for compliance with the MAPSS policy and applicable law at approximately 18 month intervals (although certain facilities may be audited more or less frequently based on status, importance to the business and audit history).

In 2021, Danaher incurred no monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with false marketing claims.

HCPs receive information and training about the above trials.

Clinical trials conducted around the world by our requirements in a number of ways, including online businesses are listed on the U.S. National Institutes of and in person trainings and periodic communications.

In addition to adherence to the ethical frameworks referenced above, we require all associates who market directly to healthcare professionals to follow these Danaher policies.

Healthcare Professionals Interaction Policy: Addresses the and other online platforms to advertise and promote standards for conducting events with HCPs in attendance products and services. as well as engaging HCPs to provide services.

Clinical Trial Conduct and Transparency Policy: Articulates.

Social Media Guidelines for FDA Regulated Operating.

Ethical Research Development Practices Danaher is committed to conducting research in an ethical and responsible manner.

The humane care and use of animals, including a we are also committed to operating according commitment to the three principles of replacement, to the Guidelines for Good Laboratory Practices (GLP) and reduction and refinement and the use of Institutional.

Research Involving Human Subjects and applicable testing protocols and procedures and privacy and data protection standards.

Bioethics and the responsible use of emerging bioethical awareness within Danaher and promote ethical requirements to make information about certain registries worldwide. payments or transfers of value to HCPs publicly available, and this commitment to transparency is codified in our Sustainability Policy.

SASB: HC MS 510a.2, HC BP 210a.1 technologies, including a commitment to research, safeguarding the integrity of the scientific transparency with (and listening to feedback process and protecting patients’ rights while responsibly from) our customers and other stakeholders, and identifying and addressing issues related to biotechnology consideration of risks and benefits in light of the research and development.

Danaher maintains an extensive, complex network of supplier relationships that are critical to our success.

Supplier Risk Assessment Risk Management We have a rigorous supply chain risk assessment risk billion a reach that offers us the opportunity to drive our management program that incorporates supplier financial sustainability values across a footprint far broader than our and risk data from external providers as well as Danaher direct operations.

As a result, we view our supply chain as internal data.

Key elements of the program include an extension of our own business and expect our suppliers the following: to share our values.

All Tier 1 direct material suppliers (as well as critical Tier ratings, to assess and monitor our direct and indirect third party certifications such as ISO certifications.

In believe shared values are the cornerstone of supplier.

In 2022, we anticipate particular, in scope suppliers are monitored on a real time relationships and we articulate our expectations through are scored based on their impact on Danaher’s revenues, that EcoVadis will assess and rate suppliers representing basis with respect to specific KPIs including U.S.

Global the following policies: the supplier’s financial health and any Danaher source limitations with respect to the supplied product.

Supplier Code of Conduct Sets forth the requirements.

Danaher engages a third party to continuously monitor suppliers whom Danaher’s subsidiaries have targeted for whistleblower procedure and policies on anti corruption and expectations we have of our suppliers with respect media and other publicly available data sources to growth because they offer the opportunity for a high level and bribery extent of ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 certification to legal compliance and ethical business practices.

EcoVadis’ supplier coverage public reporting on energy consumption, GHG.

The monitoring encompasses dozens of risk categories, assessments and ratings address a wide range of requirements and expectations with respect to the including financial, weather related, cyber, geopolitical topics including: extension of our sustainability values across our and other risk types. supply chain.

We require any supplier who exceeds a specified risk.

Conflict Minerals Policy Statement Sets forth our rules assessment score to develop and implement a risk designed to avoid the sourcing of minerals that finance management plan (RMP). The RMP may include or benefit armed groups in the Democratic Republic of financial monitoring, business continuity planning, the Congo (DRC) or in adjoining countries. supplier training development, additional contractual.

Chain, who reports to Danaher’s Executive Vice President source limitation scores exceed a specified level to provisions and tooling assessments.

Working conditions emissions and health and safety indicators and sustainability related audits or assessments.

EcoVadis also tracks reporting from sources including media, governments, trade unions and non governmental organizations (NGOs) for evidence of developments or controversies relating to suppliers.

Plan targeting specific improvement, among other impacts.

Career management and training additional details. supply chain sustainability program. response plan.

Diversity, discrimination and harassment to help mitigate risk, support product quality and drive our regular basis. sustainability values in our supply chain.

Mitigating Forced Labor Risk in Our Supply Chain Danaher’s corporate trade compliance function screens Danaher’s suppliers on a quarterly basis using a tool that aggregates publicly available data and government provided information regarding suppliers who may be implicated in the use of forced labor.

While the screening tool is not necessarily comprehensive due to the fragmented nature of the available data, it is an important asset in Danaher’s efforts to mitigate the risk of forced labor in our supply chain.

System is the Supplier Quality Management (SQM) process, which applies across Danaher and its operating companies.

The iterative elements of SQM include criteria for supplier qualification and processes to measure and monitor supplier performance, implement corrective actions and improve supplier performance.

Where appropriate we provide training and other development support to improve supplier performance, which may include supplier corrective action plans, supplier development plans, DBS based improvement activities, process audits and or business reviews.

In our medical device businesses, the SQM both supports and incorporates applicable medical device regulatory requirements, including supplier audits where required.

SQM performance of its operating companies on a monthly basis.

Training and Education All Danaher procurement associates are required to complete annual training on human rights awareness, risk management and other sustainable supply chain topics, including human trafficking, labor and employment rights, employee health and safety, responsible environmental practices, anti corruption, business ethics and data and IP protection.

Suppliers to Danaher are required to commit to being or becoming conflict free (meaning they do not source conflict minerals) and sourcing only from conflict free smelters.

Conflict Minerals Reporting Template declarations detailing their commitment to becoming conflict free and documenting countries of origin for any tin, tantalum, tungsten and gold purchased.

OEM products, plastics and other petroleum based products.

Prices of oil and gas also affect our costs for freight and utilities. . Danaher purchases raw materials from many independent sources around the world.

No single supplier is significant to Danaher as a whole, although for some components that require particular specifications or regulatory or other qualifications there may be a single supplier or a limited number of suppliers that can readily provide them.

Danaher utilizes a number of techniques to address potential disruption in and other risks relating to its supply chain, including in certain cases the use of safety stock, alternative materials and qualification of multiple supply sources.

Oversees our overall risk assessment and risk management program as well as risks specifically relating to our strategy, acquisition and capital allocation program, capital structure, liquidity, organizational structure, legal and regulatory.

Together with management determines Danaher’s compliance, cybersecurity, privacy, compensation long term strategy and oversees Danaher’s policies and practices, sustainability (including strategic acquisition and integration process climate), governance, conflicts of interest and.

Oversees Danaher’s culture, management science and technology trends succession planning and development.

Evaluates the performance and sets the as a liaison, as necessary, between the independent compensation of our CEO and other executive officers directors and the management directors.

Diversity is a critical dimension of our focus on Board or, in some cases, by a third party search firm.

Our Board actively manages Board composition knowledge, experiences and backgrounds appropriate and refreshment.

Using our Board skills matrix as a to the company’s needs, and as a result it takes into guide as well as the results of our annual Board and account racial ethnic, gender, age and national origin committee self assessment process, the Nominating diversity when considering director nominees.

Our Board’s current composition demonstrates the D I consideration areas of background and expertise progress we have achieved.

The table to the right illustrates with the fresh perspectives and new domain expertise the diverse set of skills, expertise and backgrounds that can come from adding new directors.

We have represented on our Board (as of August 1, 2022).

A refers to Asian, B refers to Black C refers to Caucasian (other than Middle Eastern or North African descent) M refers to Middle Eastern descent N refers to North African descent.

Committee, our Board maintains and annually reviews both a long term succession plan and emergency succession plan for the CEO position.

The foundation of the long term CEO succession planning process is a CEO development model consisting of three dimensions: critical experiences, leadership capabilities and personal characteristics traits.

Board uses the development model as a guide in preparing candidates, and also in evaluating candidates for the CEO and other executive positions at the Board’s annual talent review and succession planning session.

At the annual session, the Board evaluates and compares candidates using the development model, and reviews each candidate’s development actions, progress and performance over time.

Board dinners and lunches, through Board meeting presentations and at the Company’s annual leadership conference.

Managing Potential Conflicts of Interest Danaher’s Nominating and Governance Committee reviews and, if appropriate, approves related person transactions prior to consummation.

Related person transactions of an ongoing nature are reviewed annually by the Committee.

While risk taking is essential to growing a business, we recognize that prudent risk management is necessary to deliver long term, sustainable shareholder value.

Our annual Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) program is the key management program that underpins our risk oversight function.

The goal of our ERM program is to comprehensively inventory and mitigate key risks across all of Danaher’s platforms and operating companies.

The risk data collected is used to support effective business decision making and assess risk reward tradeoffs.

It also gives our leadership visibility into key existing and emerging business risks and countermeasures and enables us to mitigate risks as dictated by our risk reward assessment.

As a result, Danaher and its operating companies are able to build better, more resilient businesses supported by a risk based approach.

Enterprise Risk Management Methodology At the beginning of the annual ERM process, our corporate risk management function communicates the key elements of the ERM program to our platforms and operating companies, highlighting any year over year changes.

An inventory and classification of key risk areas and key risk topics.

A methodology for scoring risks based on the risk’s probability, severity and velocity of impact, and for trending key risks.

A framework for developing countermeasures for key risks.

A process for assigning responsibility and deadlines for the implementation of countermeasures, and re assessing such risks following implementation of the applicable countermeasures.

A timeline for collection and synthesis of the risk assessment data and reporting of key risks and countermeasures to the Danaher Risk Committee and the Danaher Board of Directors.

Diminution in Business Diminution in Business Regulatory Risk Regulatory Risk Sovereign Political Risk Sovereign Political Risk.

Loss of Intellectual Property Loss of Intellectual Property Catastrophic Loss Risk Catastrophic Loss Risk Competition for Talent Competition for Talent.

Product Supply Disruption Product Supply Disruption Climate Change Risk Climate Change Risk.

Supplier Risk Supplier Risk Business Continuity Risk Business Continuity Risk strategic, financial and accounting, compliance and in formation technology security.

The list to the right includes examples of the types of risks we assess in each of the five pillars.

Risk of Violation of Operational Laws and Regulations Risk of Violation of Operational Laws and Regulations Risk of Violations of FCPA Global Anti Corruption Laws, Risk of Violations of FCPA Global Anti Corruption Laws,.

Competition or Antitrust Laws Competition or Antitrust Laws Import and Export Practices Risk Import and Export Practices Risk.

Accounting Irregularities Accounting Irregularities Segregation of Duties Segregation of Duties GAAP IFRS Irregularities GAAP IFRS Irregularities.

Cyber Security Threats Cyber Security Threats Infrastructure Risk Infrastructure Risk Disaster Recovery Planning Disaster Recovery Planning.

Each operating company assesses its respective risks using the prescribed methodology and communicates the results to its respective platform risk committee.

ERM program lies in the autonomy we give our operating companies to think broadly about the risks they face and determine how best to mitigate them.

We know that those who are closest to gemba are best positioned to identify and mitigate our most significant risks.

Committee oversee those efforts, with emphasis on our most significant risks.

ERM specific DBS tools, including an action plan template and a methodology for identifying fundamental elements, establishing the jumping off point and tracking planned vs. actual improvements each month.

Danaher’s General Counsel Chief Financial Of cer Chief Accounting Of cer Head of Internal Audit Deputy General Counsel Chief Ethics and Compliance Of cer.

We believe cybersecurity is the responsibility of every associate.

We regularly educate and share best practices with our associates to raise awareness of cyber threats.

Every year, all associates in scope for products, data and systems that effectively supports the Annual Training Program are required to take our business objectives and customer needs.

We also conduct monthly layered approach that reflects industry best practice.

We take measures to regularly improve and update our expectations and requirements with respect to cybersecurity program, including independent program acceptable use, risk management, data privacy, assessments, penetration testing and scanning of our education and awareness, security incident systems for vulnerabilities.

The policy sets forth a detailed security cyber risk management governance and the status incident management and reporting protocol, with of projects to strengthen cybersecurity effectiveness.

We also updated our disclosure controls and regularly conduct exercises to help ensure its and procedures to specifically address cybersecurity effectiveness and our overall preparedness.

This of our 2021 revenues, with further scope expansion planned for 2023.

In addition, in line with the TCFD recommendations.

The program would also require identification (and of this process in our annual sustainability report.

Political Involvement Policy We believe in the right of associates to participate in the political process.

We encourage our associates to be active in charitable and political activities on their own time and at their own expense.

In all communications, associates must make clear that political views and actions are their own and.

Associates may never use Danaher resources to contribute to, support or oppose any political.

Supervisors should not solicit direct or indirect reports to contribute to, support or oppose any political party or candidate.

Associates may never make a charitable or political contribution with the intent to improperly influence someone.

Trade Industry Associations Danaher belongs to and pays dues to certain U.S. trade and industry associations.

Our policy is that each association may use no more than 25,000 of Danaher’s dues in any calendar year for political purposes.

Revenue Code any ballot measure or any public communication that expressly advocates the election or defeat of a political candidate ( political purposes ).

Important Information About This Report Certain statements included or incorporated by reference in this report are forward looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal to update or revise any forward looking statement, company such as Danaher.

The energy usage and GHG emissions metrics are whether as a result of new information, future events report (other than audited financial data) are good based on available activity data of fuel consumed on and developments or otherwise. faith estimates and have not been externally assured. site, purchased energy and energy consumed through.

Please note that the inclusion of information in this report.

We expect our data collection systems to evolve and operation of Danaher owned or leased vehicles and is not an indication that such information is necessarily we seek to continually improve our processes for aircraft.

Danaher’s non energy consumption GHG material as defined under the U.S. federal securities laws collecting and disclosing accurate, meaningful and emissions, such as refrigerant releases and process air securities laws.

All statements other than historical and the applicable regulations thereunder.

In this report, we describe certain products and devices.

Forward looking statements are based on assumptions that have applications submitted and pending for respect to the metrics and goals included in this Report that are deemed regulated by national legislation and assessments made by our management in light of certain regulatory approvals and or are available only in relating to energy, GHG emissions, water and waste regulations. their experience and perceptions of historical trends, certain markets.

The 2019, 2020, and 2021 environmental metrics current conditions, expected future developments.

Any trademarks, product names or brand images appearing.

Danaher locations owned or leased from January 1, reflect adjustments made to account for changes in and other factors.

Forward looking statements are not herein are the property of their respective owners.

We refer to developing markets as high growth markets operational control and accounted for approximately factors used, including location based emissions and may differ materially from the results, developments in our SEC filings and in this report and define them.

Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any such forward looking of accelerated growth in gross domestic product and and aircraft owned or leased by Danaher during 2021.

As a participant of the United Nations (UN) Global infrastructure, which include Eastern Europe, the Middle.

Compact, Danaher is committed to aligning our statements.

Unless otherwise noted, all data in this report is as not collected, we accounted for such locations by anti corruption.

This report serves as our UN Global envisaged in our forward looking statements are of September 1, 2022 and is limited to continuing linear extrapolation.

All financial information in this report is environmental impact metrics are normalized is limited and Exchange Commission (SEC).

Unless otherwise noted, all to continuing operations and also excludes revenue statements included in this report speak only as of the financial data in this report refers to the 2021 fiscal year.

Uncertainties are inherent in collecting data from applicable year, to promote comparability. by applicable law, we do not assume any obligation a wide range of facilities and operations in a global.

Guidelines, the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards, been provided.

Reporting standards are denoted on the bottom of each page the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) and the of this report and in this Reporting Frameworks Index.

United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (UN SDGs).

Disclose the organization’s governance around climate related risks and opportunities.

Disclose the actual and potential impacts of climate related risks and opportunities on the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning where such information is material.

Disclose how the organization identifies, assesses and manages climate related risks.

Disclose the metrics and targets used to assess and manage relevant climate related risks and opportunities where such information is material.

Goal 4 Quality Education Ensure inclusive and equitable quality education and promote lifelong learning opportunities for all.

In September 2022, Danaher announced a new 2032 goal to reduce Scope 1 and 2 GHG emissions by 50.4% (on an absolute basis) compared to 2021 levels.

This new goal supersedes the company's prior intensity based GHG and energy reduction targets.

Notes to Sustainability ESG Data Summary Unless otherwise indicated, all data presented is as of December 31 of the referenced year,.

Total Recordable Incident Rate is defined as the number of work related injuries or illness unless the nature of the metric is such that it covers the entire year.

Certain components cases serious enough to require treatment beyond first aid, per 100 associates.

A dash indicates that the particular metric is not provided for the indicated time period (or in the case of Goals, that there is no public goal with respect to.

Days Away, Restricted or Transferred is defined as the number of work related injuries or such metric). illness cases that result in an associate working with physical restrictions, being away from work or unable to do their job or transferring to other work, per 100 associates.

Danaher completed its disposition of its Envista business on December 18, 2019.

Under FDA Registered Sites of Danaher’s Subsidiaries , sites are classified according to.

Representation, Health and Safety Performance and Code of Conduct all include the highest risk device produced at the site.

All data under the category Diversity Representation includes full time and part time associates.

Black director and directors of Middle Eastern, North African and Asian descent.

The four racially ethnically diverse members of Danaher’s Board of Directors include a.

Executives Senior Leaders, Managers and Individual Contributors are mutually exclusive categories and are the three highest level categories we use to classify all full time and part time associates.