2021

Impact 
Report

Art + Resilience:  
Machine Hallucination - Nature Studies 
Refik Anadol, 2021

Contents

About This Report 

Scope and Assurance 

From Our CEO 

Responsible Business 

Corporate Governance 

Policy Influence and Transparent Engagement 

Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain Management 

Responsible Products and Marketing 

Risk and Crisis Management 

Human Rights 

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing 

Our Sustainability Performance 

Stakeholder Engagement 

Our ESG Performance 

Business Ethics and Integrity 

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity 

ESG Products and Data 

Innovation and Technology 

Energy and Climate Change 

Biodiversity and Natural Capital 

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 

Talent Attraction and Development 

Community Impact 

Our Corporate Responsibility and Diversity Mission 

S&P Global Foundation  

People Engagement and Volunteerism 

Appendix 

GRI Standards Index 

SASB Standards Index 

World Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics  

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

21

24

26

28

29

34

37

37

38

39

40

40

50

51

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

2

About This Report

Hello and welcome to S&P Global’s 2021 Impact Report. 

As we enter year three of the global pandemic, it is 
clearer than ever that there will never be a ‘return to 
normal.’ We also realize that we should not strive to 
return to the past. Rather, this experience has taught 
us that our employees are resilient, thoughtful and 
thrive on innovation. We find ourselves a more nimble 
company, confident in our approach to evolving as 
the world reckons with underlying issues of racial 
inequality, health disparities, a warming climate and 
other existential threats. We are ready for bold change.

2021 proved an exciting year for S&P Global. As we 
prepared for our merger with IHS Markit, we enhanced 
our sustainability management governance, audit 
and assurance process, and management accountability. 
These fundamental initiatives are instrumental to allow our 
continued growth in corporate responsibility and trust in 
our due diligence, management and reporting processes.

Our commitment to greater transparency took life and 
we began deeper, more substantive conversations with 
our stakeholders. We were pleased to see the market’s 
response to this investment with increased scoring 
across all ratings and rankings, which are listed on page 6 
of this report.

As one of the world’s foremost providers of ESG data, 
analytics, benchmarks and tools, part of our responsibility 
is to ensure other companies and capital market players 
have the resources needed to advance in their own 
sustainability journey. Therefore, several of S&P Global’s 
leaders are at the table lending our expertise and 
experience to ensure that we have a strong ecosystem of 
disclosure solutions and smart policy in which to operate. 
For instance, S&P Global was one of the founders of 
the Net-Zero Financial Providers Alliance. We are on the 
founding council of TNFD Taskforce and Forum and our 
CEO Doug Peterson chaired a recent working group for 
the Impact Taskforce, established under the UK’s 2021 
presidency of the G7, focused on impact transparency, 
integrity and reporting.

From our Board of Directors to our colleagues across 
the world, expectations for excellence in sustainability 
performance continues to grow. We continue to grow and 
adjust as we learn more about best practices in impact 
management and disclosure. Our commitment is to be 
bold and ambitious.

Other key enhancements in 2021 include:

 – Increased disclosure in workforce demographics, 
tax strategy, enterprise risk and natural capital.

 – Grew S&P Global Foundation giving by 30%, 

distributing $15 million to organizations that support 
COVID-19 relief, racial equity and justice, economic 
inclusion, and environmental sustainability.

 – Deepened our climate-related disclosures, including 
in the areas of climate governance, value chain 
engagement and enterprise opportunity and risk.

 – Began a robust review of our Global Human 
Rights impacts and processes, including 
finalizing a new Global Human Rights Policy.

As I write this, S&P Global and IHS Markit have just 
completed the 15-month process of merging into one 
combined company. We are excited about what the 
future holds and what our new company can offer the 
world. 2022 plans include restating our science-based 
targets and net-zero commitment, new long-term 
energy, waste and water goals, and the completion of 
a more robust stakeholder engagement strategy.

Complex issues require complex solutions communicated 
in a clear and straightforward manner. We hope our 
2021 Impact Report provides the clarity to understand 
how S&P Global impacts the most important issues of 
our day. We welcome feedback at cr@spglobal.com.

Sincerely,

Annette O’Hanlon  
Chief Corporate Responsibility & Diversity Officer

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

3

For more corporate governance 
and sustainability activities and 
disclosures, please see: 

 – S&P Global Corporate Responsibility

 – S&P Global Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

 – S&P Global Investor Relations

 – 2022 Task Force on Climate-related 

Financial Disclosures Report

 – S&P Global Sustainable1

 – S&P Global 2021 Annual Report

 – S&P Global 2022 Proxy Statement

 – S&P Global Foundation

Scope and Assurance

The information and data in this report cover S&P Global’s 
sustainability, corporate responsibility and philanthropic 
global performance for calendar year 2021. Unless 
otherwise noted, all information herein is representative  
of the company as of December 31, 2021.

The report includes information on our management 
and performance related to S&P Global’s material topics 
(as defined by both the Global Reporting Initiative and 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) across our 
full value chain.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the 
GRI Standards: Core option and the SASB Standard 
for Professional & Commercial Services. Both content 
indexes, as well as our reporting against the World 
Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics,  
are located in the Appendix.

S&P Global strives to provide data and information 
that is reliable and transparent. In 2021, we expanded 
the sustainability data third party assurance. View the 
assurance statement here.

The data from previous years has not been restated,  
with two minor exceptions on page 27 (paper purchased) 
and page 30 (employee self-identification).

In 2020, S&P Global entered into a definitive merger 
agreement with IHS Markit, a world leader in critical 
information, analytics and solutions for the major 
industries and markets that drive economies worldwide. 
S&P Global and IHS Markit’s unique and highly 
complementary assets will leverage cutting-edge 
innovation and technology capability, including  
Kensho and the IHS Markit Data Lake. 

The merger successfully closed on February 28, 2022; 
therefore, this report does not include any IHS Markit 
performance data. We will provide a combined entity  
view in future reporting.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

4

From Our CEO

From our early beginnings in the 1800s, our founders  
knew the value transparency brings to markets and 
companies. By publishing research about the  
management of railroads, these pioneers helped  
investors and executives make sound business decisions.

Today, we’re not only delivering financial and commodity  
data, analytics and benchmarks for customers, we  
use the same rigor to disclose our own environmental, 
social, economic and governance performance.
Increasingly, these disclosures are backed with reliable,  
contextual data.

Our sustainability strategy, based on a refined materiality 
assessment, keeps us focused on the issues that matter 
most to our stakeholders, and where we make the biggest 
difference. This report illustrates how we are mitigating 
ESG risks and maximizing opportunities to make a positive 
impact, not just this year, but well into the future.

We produced another strong year of sustainability 
performance in 2021. For example, by increasing 
environmental transparency and disclosure, all our ESG 
ratings and rankings improved. We are proud to have been 
awarded an “A” from CDP Climate Change for the first time, 
a clear signal of our high-quality environmental disclosure. 
We also reduced our gender representation gap in most 
employee categories.

Moving forward, we are excited by the opportunities 
created by closing our historic merger with IHS Markit 
earlier this year. With it comes new tools, resources and 
analytics to support the market transition to a low-carbon, 
equitable economy. We also plan to update several of our 
own environmental targets to incorporate our expanded 
global footprint.

As I step back and reflect, I think about the progress 
we made as a company and the changing landscape 
the world is facing today. The war in Ukraine raises 
important questions about the role of companies in 
addressing humanitarian crises, and their role in society. 
Our leadership team maintains an open and direct 
dialogue on these issues with our Board of Directors, 
and we remain committed to our purpose: To Accelerate 
Progress in the World.

Even with the challenges the world faces today, I am 
confident in the future of S&P Global because we have 
the talent, technology and capabilities to achieve our 
sustainability goals.

Thank you for your interest in our company.

Sincerely,

Douglas L. Peterson 
President & Chief Executive Officer

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

5

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Responsible Business

Headquartered in New York City, S&P Global is the world’s foremost provider of transparent and 
independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and data to the global capital and commodity markets.  
We provide intelligence that is essential for companies, governments and individuals to make  
decisions with conviction.

35

Countries with  
S&P Global presence

As of December 31, 2021

22,850

Global employees

$3.02B 

Net income in 2021,  
up 29% from 2020  

$8.2B

Revenue in 2021,  
up 11% from 2020 

An independent provider of credit  
ratings, research and analytics,  
offering investors and other market  
participants information, ratings  
and benchmarks.

A Selection of Recent Awards 

100 Most Sustainable Companies 
Barron's | 2020-2022

Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 
Bloomberg | 2018-2022

A global provider of multi-asset- 
class data, research and analytical  
capabilities, which integrate cross- 
asset analytics and desktop services.

Global 500 
Brand Finance | 2021

Climate Change A List 
CDP | 2021

The leading independent provider  
of information and benchmark  
prices for the commodity and  
energy markets.

A global index provider maintaining  
a wide variety of valuation and  
index benchmarks for investment  
advisors, wealth managers and  
institutional investors.

Just 100 
CNBC | 2022; Forbes | 2019, 2021

World’s Most Admired Companies 
Fortune | 2018-2022

FTSE4Good Index Series Constituent 
FTSE Russell | 2001-2021

America’s Most Responsible Companies 
Newsweek | 2020-2022

The Civic 50 
Points of Light | 2014-2021

100 Best Corporate Citizens 
3BL | 2021

Corporate Equality Index  
Human Rights Campaign Foundation | 2016-2022

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

6

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Corporate Governance

Our Board of Directors leads our corporate governance efforts. With the exception of our CEO who is the only 
member of management serving on the Board, Directors are all independent and elected annually, including the 
Chairman of the Board who is also nominated on an annual basis. Our Board brings a diversity of backgrounds, 
perspectives, skills and experience into the boardroom to guide the growth and performance of the company. 

For additional information on our Board of Directors, including committees and assignments, please see our  
2022 Proxy Statement.

The Board also oversees the management of our 10-member Operating Committee, made up of executive leaders  
from across the company. This Committee includes three women and three persons of color.

Board of Directors Snapshot (as of May 2022)

Ethnicity

Gender

Tenure

Age

2

Black

12

White

5

Female

9

Male

3

>10 years

5

5-10 years

6

<5 years

7

6

5

4

3

2

1

<55

56-65

66+

ESG Oversight and Leadership 

The Board views oversight and effective management  
of ESG-related risks and opportunities as essential to 
the company’s ability to execute its strategy and achieve 
long-term sustainable growth. While our Nominating 
and Corporate Governance Committee oversees 
sustainability matters, and our Compensation and 
Leadership Development Committee oversees culture 
and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, the full Board receives 
regular updates on a variety of ESG topics, including our 
transition to a net-zero business, our DEI performance, 
and our progress to expand our ESG solutions.  We include 
updates within committee discussions and reports 
throughout the year. In 2021, the Board received two 
updates focused specifically on ESG topics. For additional 
information, please see our 2022 Proxy Statement.

Governance Highlights

 – Dr. Gregory Washington, President, George Mason 
University was elected as a new Board member. 

 – Upon close of the merger, four IHS Markit board 

members were appointed to the S&P Global Board 
of Directors: Jacques Esculier, Gay Huey Evans, 
Robert P. Kelly and Deborah D. McWhinney.

 – The Board updated committee charters to include  
clearer descriptions of the kind of ESG topics 
the Board covered.

 – The Board endorsed management's climate 

reduction strategy.

 – The Audit Committee directed that management  

systems and governance be embedded in both the  
company’s sustainability disclosure practices and  
the S&P Global Foundation operations.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

7

100 Most Sustainable Companies 

Barron's | 2020-2022

Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index 

Bloomberg | 2018-2022

Global 500 

Brand Finance | 2021

Climate Change A List 

CDP | 2021

Just 100 

CNBC | 2022; Forbes | 2019, 2021

World’s Most Admired Companies 

Fortune | 2018-2022

FTSE4Good Index Series Constituent 

FTSE Russell | 2001-2021

America’s Most Responsible Companies 

Newsweek | 2020-2022

The Civic 50 

Points of Light | 2014-2021

100 Best Corporate Citizens 

3BL | 2021

Corporate Equality Index  

Human Rights Campaign Foundation | 2016-2022

 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Policy Influence and Transparent Engagement

Our Government Affairs and Public Policy team engages with policymakers and regulators on issues that 
support our global business strategy and further the development of transparent, efficient, accessible 
and resilient markets. Priority areas include sustainable finance and ESG, infrastructure investment, 
data and information policy, privacy, tax, intellectual property protections and trade policy.

Key Activities in 2021 

ESG Policy Engagement 

On ESG matters, the internal ESG Policy and Regulatory 
Working Group works with executives and subject 
matter experts to identify issues, develop positions 
and ensure that all policy engagement is consistent.

As ESG becomes mainstream within financial markets, 
we advocate for global harmonization and consistency 
of new regulations. To advance this effort, we provide 
relevant information and file public comments to 
regulators and policymakers around the world. 

Our internal experts actively participate in policy 
development and in public arenas at international,  
regional and national levels, with S&P Global as a leading  
member of the following groups:

 – Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosure (TCFD)

 – Task Force on Nature-related Financial Disclosures (TNFD)

 – EU High Level Expert Group on Sustainable Finance (HLEG)

 – Security and Exchange Commission (SEC) Asset  

Management Advisory Committee

 – Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) Climate- 

Related Market Risk Subcommittee

 – EU High Level Group on Financing Sustainability Transition

ESG Disclosure Engagement 

We are active participants in policy policy discussions 
with regulatory bodies considering how to improve ESG 
disclosure. For additional information, please visit our 
IFRS Foundation Consultation Paper on Sustainability 
Reporting on our website. These efforts include the 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
Foundation’s initiative to create an International 
Sustainability Standards Board, and our support of 
the creation of a global baseline for ESG reporting. 

We continued to promote transparent capital and commodity  
markets, participating in or convening several public  
discussions, including the following:

 – Participated in the European Parliamentary Financial 

Services Forum Winter Conference, focusing on building 
back a more resilient and competitive Europe.

 – Supported Climate Week NYC to accelerate 

progress on climate risk and provide the essential 
intelligence to achieve sustainability at scale.

 – Participated in COP26 in Glasgow through 

partnerships with the International Chamber 
of Commerce, World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development and the United Nations 
Framework Convention on Climate Change.

Political Activity and Spending Practices

In the U.S., through the S&P Global Inc. Political Action 
Committee (S&P Global PAC), we make limited contributions 
to the campaigns of candidates for U.S. federal office who 
align with our company’s business priorities and values. 
The S&P Global PAC collects voluntary contributions 
from eligible employees and files a monthly public report 
of its receipts and disbursements with the U.S. Federal 
Election Commission. In accordance with our Political 
Contributions and Payments Policy, the company refrains 
from making direct contributions of corporate treasury 
funds to candidates or political committees at the state or 
local level as well as independent expenditure committees 
known as “Super PACs.” The company has not contributed 
to local or state ballot measures or referendums. 

As an active member of several trade associations, including 
the Bipartisan Policy Center, the Institute for International 
Finance and the American Chamber of Commerce to the 
European Union, we monitor for consistency, transparency 
and alignment with our core values and policy positions. 

$1.37M

$2M

2021 expenses related  
to federal lobbying 

2021 payments to  
trade associations 

$41,500

2021 S&P Global PAC contributions  
to candidate campaign committees

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

8

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Responsible Sourcing and Supply Chain Management

We strive to conduct business in a legal, ethical and responsible way, monitoring and managing our supply chain 
in line with the S&P Global materiality assessment and corporate strategy. We work to comply with laws and 
regulations in the countries where we operate, and expect our large network of suppliers from around the world 
to work at the same high level of standards. Our current priorities include fostering and promoting supplier 
diversity, environmental sustainability and ethical business conduct across our supply chain. These efforts can 
help drive business success for S&P Global and our suppliers, while helping protect our brand and reputation.

Vendor Code of Conduct

Our Vendor Code of Conduct sets out the principles and 
expectations we have of our vendors in conducting their 
business responsibly, with integrity and in compliance 
with all applicable laws and regulations in the countries 
where they operate. Updated in 2021 to better align with 
best practices and reflect S&P Global’s rapidly growing 
commitment to supplier diversity and ESG initiatives, this 
policy represents the foundation for responsible supply 
chain management. 

Key issues covered by our Vendor Code of Conduct include 
ethical business conduct, data security and  
confidentiality, employee health and safety, environmental  
stewardship, and human rights, including International  
Labor Standards. Penalties for non-compliance may  
include temporary sanctions or losing an S&P Global 
account. In addition, our Global Human Rights Policy and  
UK Statement on Modern Slavery cover both  
our suppliers and operations.

Our Vendor Code of Conduct also highlights our expectations 
for vendor environmental responsibility. It includes 
compliance with all applicable environmental laws and 
regulations, as well as an expectation for our vendors to 
operate in an environmentally responsible way, taking into 
account the entire product/service lifecycle, and managing 
and minimizing negative environmental impact by  
considering factors such as energy use, greenhouse gas 
emissions, water, biodiversity, waste, hazardous materials 
and other natural resources.

Supplier Diversity

Supplier diversity is critical to our business. We work to 
identify, develop and source products and services from 
diverse and traditionally underrepresented suppliers. 
S&P Global is committed to treating all vendors with 
integrity and in an ethical manner and to supporting 
and encouraging the aspirations of diverse groups.

The U.S.-based S&P Global Supplier Diversity Program 
provides fair and equal procurement opportunities 
for all capable and competitive suppliers. We 
welcome companies managed or led by members of 
underrepresented groups, including women, veterans and 
other historically disadvantaged populations, to apply. 

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

In 2021, we strengthened our Supplier Diversity Program  
through the following efforts:

 – Launched internal and external Supplier Diversity 
Roundtables to support sourcing and vendor 
management teams from across the company and 
engaged key diverse vendors to provide insight to 
help strengthen our supplier diversity initiatives. 

 – Held a workshop for several internal teams, 
including the Vendor Management Office, 
on diversity and unconscious bias. 

Last year, we launched a partnership with small business 
data vendor Tealbook to establish baseline data and  
to attract more diverse supplier interest. Based on  
this data, we set a goal to increase spend with Tier-1 
U.S. diverse suppliers from 3.5% in 2019 to 7.8% in 2021.  
We fell short of our goal, reaching 6.5% in 2021. Additionally, 
we set a target of increasing the percentage of our U.S. 
sourcing events that include diverse suppliers to 75% by 
2021. Unfortunately we also fell short of our goal in this 
area, reaching just 32% in 2021. We attribute the missed 
targets to ongoing consequences of the pandemic and 
preparation for the forthcoming merger with IHS Markit. 
Notably, we find that in events where they participated, 
diverse suppliers were awarded 75% of the contracts.

In 2022 we plan to set new, more aggressive long-term 
targets with more specific plans to achieve our goals.

Percentage of spend with 
U.S. diverse suppliers (%)

Count of U.S. diverse suppliers

Percentage of U.S. sourcing events 
including diverse suppliers (%)

Percentage of U.S. sourcing events 
awarded to diverse suppliers (%)

 2020

2021

6.5

6.5

161

29

–

175

32

24

9

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Responsible Products and Marketing

Our corporate purpose and values are embedded into our marketing and sales practices, the products and services 
we offer, and through every step of the customer experience. Our customers are at the center of everything we do, 
and we strive to deliver value, instill confidence and provide a positive experience by ensuring our products exceed 
expectations based on a quality and risk-driven development process. Additionally, we undertake a thoughtful, robust 
marketing design and strategy and implementation process that considers our customers’ needs and preferences.

Our Customer Experience

Responsible Products

We strive to deliver great value consistently so that our 
solutions and relations exceed customers’ as well as 
market stakeholders’ expectations, making customers 
feel understood, empowered and confident.

We believe that a consistently positive customer experience 
is our most powerful marketing tool. Our strategy consists  
of three main components:

 – The consistent creation of premier experiences 

for our customers based on their inputs

 – An enterprise-wide, connected view of our 
customers, driven by data and insights

 – Continuous enhancement of our culture to affirm 
customers are at the center of everything we do

Responsible Marketing

Customer trust in our data and services is paramount 
and we have several processes and policies to ensure 
that any marketing material is aligned with responsible 
practices, legal requirements and customer expectations.

Our marketing practices are guided by our corporate 
responsibility commitments. We strongly believe 
that diversity, equity and inclusion are essential 
to thrive as a business and are embedded as a 
key component of our marketing practices. For 
instance, all advertising and marketing material is 
assessed for gender bias prior to publication. 

Protecting our customers’ privacy is critical to 
safeguarding their trust and complying with legal 
requirements. Any marketing practices, including our 
websites, applications, products, services, events and 
others, strictly enforce our Customer Privacy Policy.

Further, we have dedicated policies to ensure that we 
meet our customer needs and expectations, and that 
we adhere to the highest legal and ethical standards. 
Our Social Media Policy is designed so that employees 
don’t take any action that might suggest that the 
independence and objectivity of the company’s products 
or services might be improperly influenced by our sales, 
marketing or other commercial interests. Failure to 
comply with our policies may lead to disciplinary action, 
up to and including termination of employment. 

We use responsible sales and marketing practices to 
communicate the value of our products and services to our 
clients. This includes following strict compliance rules for 
transparency. For instance, within S&P Global Ratings, we 
disclose all required ratings disclosures in the countries 
where we operate, and legal disclosures for our products 
and services, which often provide high-quality independent 
opinions. We also have policies and procedures to maintain 
the confidentiality of certain non-public information 
received in connection with each analytical process. S&P 
Dow Jones Indices has dedicated Index Committees so 
any new indices are appropriately developed, defined and 
structured prior to launch. S&P Global Platts has similar 
separation of functions and policies in place to ensure its 
commodity benchmarks are produced independently and 
transparently, and free from any commercial influence.

Our product development process follows strict protocols 
applicable to all business divisions. Any new product needs 
the input and signoff of risk, legal and marketing, ensuring 
that all the quality standards and any risks or impacts found 
during risk assessments in the development phase are met 
to provide responsible, accurate, relevant and high-quality 
products to the markets. The company also has mechanisms 
in place to receive and investigate complaints about our 
products and implement corrective action plans. 

“

We are passionate about delighting 
our clients through quality data 
and insights they can trust. 
Our product development, sales 
and marketing approaches are 
based on our values and purpose 
and seek to deliver the highest 
standards in client engagement. 

Heidi Grassi 
Vice President  
Brand Marketing

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

10

 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Risk and Crisis Management

Effectively managing risk is critical to supporting our strategic focus and our ability to deliver shareholder 
value and operate a sustainable business. We continuously work to improve our risk management oversight 
and resilience and proactively identify emerging risks and opportunities, while employing robust internal 
controls and processes to ensure compliance in a complex global regulatory environment. We also empower 
our people to recognize and manage risk and make informed, risk-based, data-driven decisions.

Throughout 2021, we continued to develop our 
Risk Management capabilities, implementing 
the following initiatives:

 – Implemented a new enterprise-wide dashboard to 

track risk status and appetite, empowering managers 
and divisional stakeholders to actively monitor 
key risks through changes in risk indicators.

 – Established the Sustainable1 Risk Committee to  

provide an executive-level forum for regular discussion 
and oversight of the management of risks for this 
new commercial organization, and to promote a 
risk-aware culture within day-to-day business and 
operational activities. This new committee joins several 
other risk committees throughout the company’s 
divisions, aiming to align enterprise and divisional risk 
awareness and governance across the organization.

 – Developed a circular emerging risk radar tool to identify  

and analyze materializing risks.

 – Built a governance, risk and compliance (GRC) 

application to create transparency and awareness 
around risks, issues, action plans and assessments.

Global Security and Crisis Management

Our Global Security and Crisis Management team 
(Global Security) drives organizational resilience 
and protect our people, assets and reputation.

The team deploys a range of preparedness tools, 
techniques and intelligence to assess and anticipate the 
likelihood and impact of global physical risks. For example, 
analysis of recent events and business disruptions 
showed a marked increase in the frequency and severity 
of climate-driven risks over the past 12 months. Flooding 
in China, southern Europe wildfires, snowfall in Madrid 
and heatwaves across the U.S. and Canada highlight the 
inevitable impact of climate change and the risks it brings 
to our organization, our communities and our planet.

Looking forward, our analysts predict climate change  
and its impacts will become the primary physical risk  
faced in 2022. In the spirit of the Glasgow Climate Pact 
and the goal to urgently scale-up climate response, 
in 2021 our Global Security team created a Global 
Threat Monitor to help anticipate future risks. This 
automated risk platform enables the team to measure 
the overall risk exposure of S&P Global assets against 
a range of diverse security and physical risks.

Business Continuity Management

We maintain active, dynamic and effective business 
continuity management and IT disaster recovery 
programs. Designed to ensure a robust response to 
crises of any type, these supported business continuity 
during the pandemic with work from home policies 
and processes and continue to do so today. 

Our Business Continuity Management Program is 
designed in alignment with industry requirements and 
best practices. The program follows a strategic lifecycle 
and to implement appropriate business continuity 
and IT disaster recovery strategies for all critical 
business functions and technologies operating from 
our offices around the globe. The program includes: 

 – Identification of recovery objectives, including 

recovery time, maximum tolerable downtime and 
others, identified through a comprehensive business 
impact analysis and risk assessment process

 – Identification and implementation of viable recovery 

strategies and procedures for continuity

 – Corroboration through a comprehensive 

testing methodology

We have an established business continuity and IT 
disaster recovery structure, which is composed of a 
Steering Committee, a working group and plan owners, 
with members of each group made up of senior leaders. 
Our corporate Business Continuity Team provides 
second-line oversight of Business Continuity and IT 
Disaster Recovery programs and deliverables.

We test our plans on a regular basis, at a minimum, 
annually. In 2021, our plans also continued to be tested 
by the COVID-19 pandemic with most of our people 
working from home. As a result, we are continuing to 
respond and strengthen them to enable us to provide 
uninterrupted essential intelligence to our customers.

In 2021, we began working with the IHS Markit risk 
organization to plan for readiness on day one. Planning 
activities included identifying and evaluating integration 
risks, creating relevant action plans, and reporting on 
updates to leadership. A strong focus on risk management 
is planned for the 2022 integration of our two organizations.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

11

 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

S&P Global Evolving Risks

Emerging risks

Description and Impact

Mitigation

Changes in 
the legislative, 
regulatory and 
commercial 
environments in 
which we operate 
may materially and 
adversely impact 
our ability to collect, 
compile, use and 
publish data and 
may impact our 
financial results.

This risk is emerging in nature for S&P Global. We have 
short-term impacts affecting data management policies and 
processes. Long-term impacts are still unknown and external 
as global privacy, data localization and data protection 
legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are 
rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance 
environment. Increasing significance to costs of complying with 
and implementing potential privacy-related and data protection 
measures. In addition, an inadvertent failure to comply with 
federal, state or international privacy-related or data protection 
laws and regulations despite our best efforts could result in 
proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.

We devote meaningful time and financial 
resources to compliance with current and 
future applicable international and U.S. 
privacy, cybersecurity, data protection 
and related laws. We have made capital 
investments and other expenditures to 
address cybersecurity preparedness 
and prevent future breaches, including 
costs associated with additional security 
technologies, personnel, experts and 
credit monitoring services for those 
whose data has been breached.

In addition, the EU and other jurisdictions, including the 
People’s Republic of China, are considering imposing or 
have already imposed additional restrictions, including in 
relation to cross-border transfers of personal and other 
types of data. S&P Global is a global organization with 
business in these regions and others with similar developing 
regulations. These requirements are increasing in complexity 
and number, change frequently and increasingly conflict 
among the various countries in which we operate, which 
could result in significant compliance risk and cost for us.

The future of ESG regulations is uncertain. S&P Global 
Sustainable1 provides essential sustainability intelligence, 
helping customers navigate the transition to a low carbon, 
sustainable and equitable future. Sustainable1 brings together 
S&P Global’s resources and full product suite to provide 
customers with a 360-degree view to help achieve their 
sustainability goals. Regulations, expected within the next 
five years, will increase process complexity and expenses.

Attracting and retaining talent is an emerging risk as 2022 has 
begun with one of the largest global employee migrations in 
history. In the short term, inability to attract or retain talent 
will impact the development, maintenance and support of 
our products and services. This risk is increasing significance 
as we rely heavily on the experience and ability of our highly 
skilled, educated and trained employees. Accordingly, our 
business is dependent on successfully attracting, retaining 
and training talented employees in a highly competitive 
business environment. In the long term, if the Company is less 
successful in its recruiting efforts, or if it is unable to retain 
key employees, its ability to develop and deliver successful 
products and services or achieve 3- to 5-year strategic 
goals may be adversely affected. The recent merger with 
IHS Market and external market factors including inflation, 
better market performance than expected, and increasing 
job supply are all major factors affecting this risk.

Our dedicated privacy teams in both the 
legal and compliance work to comply with 
current regulations and prepare for future 
regulations. We have defined data operations 
and infrastructure strategies to handle 
repeatability, scalability and flexibility to 
comply with the evolving requirements. 

To avoid any internal conflicts of interest, 
policies are in place to manage conflicts 
across divisions. The Government Affairs 
and Public Policy team have proactively 
engaged in discussions with policymakers 
to understand and prepare for future 
requirements. Projects are in place to enhance 
internal communications on regulatory and 
policy changes as well as to build a mature 
compliance program to aid in monitoring.

We offer competitive salary and benefit 
packages in order to attract and retain the 
quality employees required to grow and 
expand our businesses. Compensation 
costs are influenced by general economic 
factors, including those affecting the cost 
of health insurance and postretirement 
benefits, and any trends specific to 
the employee skill sets we require.

Attrition and other key metrics are tracked and 
reported on a monthly basis to management. 
Action plans are in place for any breaches of 
pre-determined metric threshold. Initiatives 
are in place to increase compensation, further 
develop people leaders, strengthen graduate 
programs, and promote career growth.

Inability to 
attract and retain 
key qualified 
personnel could 
have a material 
adverse effect 
on our business 
and results of 
operations.

The risks noted herein are not exhaustive. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business environment in which new risks 
emerge frequently. Accordingly, the Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any risks identified herein, which speak only 
as of the dates on which they are made and only highlight certain risks without regard to severity or probability. The Company undertakes no 
obligation to update or revise these statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made, except as 
required by applicable law. Further information about the Company’s businesses, including information about factors that could materially 
affect its results of operations and financial condition, is contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including Item 1A, Risk Factors, in 
our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K and Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

12

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Human Rights

S&P Global operates with the longstanding belief that being a responsible corporate citizen includes caring for 
the people we work with – whether they are our colleagues, vendors or people who live in our local communities. 
Inherent in this belief is our commitment, ethical duty and responsibility to prevent, mitigate and remediate, if 
necessary, the risks of modern slavery, and to respect human rights in our operations and supply chain.

Here are some ways we made strides  
toward our commitment in 2021:

 – Sharpened our focus on human rights by revising 
and updating our Global Human Rights Policy, 
alongside our Vendor Code of Conduct. These 
policies, together with our Code of Business Ethics 
(COBE), detail how we respect human rights in line 
with internationally recognized standards.

 – Refined our Procurement Sustainability Program 
by introducing new social considerations into 
our vetting and monitoring of vendors.

 – Engaged with Shift Project, a nonprofit and leading  
center of expertise on the UN Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), to advance 
our human rights management processes, including 
consideration of ways to strengthen human rights  
due diligence for our suppliers.

Global Human Rights Management 

As a responsible business, we embed respect for human 
rights across our value chain. Our approach is guided 
by the United Nations Global Compact and UN Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights. All colleagues 
receive guidance through COBE on topics including 
non-discrimination, respectful workplace behavior, 
and health and safety, and we explicitly prohibit the 
use of forced and child labor in our supply chain.

“

People have the right to be treated 
with dignity. All of our decisions 
must be made with clear regard for 
how they may impact our people, 
our suppliers, our communities. 

Alyson Genovese 
Global Head of Corporate Responsibility

As we continue our work on human rights issues, we aim  
to focus our 2022 to include a robust, enterprise-wide 
saliency exercise to identify impacts, risks and opportunities 
that are unique to our business and operations. In addition, 
we will work to upskill our people leaders on potential critical 
human rights impacts within their spheres of control. 

Grievance Mechanisms

We adopt the UNGPs as a framework for preventing and 
mitigating human rights risks. We also acknowledge our 
responsibility to ensure grievance accessibility if violations 
have occurred. Our EthicsPoint Helpline is made available 
to our employees and third-party stakeholders to raise 
concerns to better enable S&P Global to appropriately 
address potential human rights impacts. For more 
information, please refer to our COBE, page 7.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

13

 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing

We invest in our success as a company by investing in our people. At S&P Global, we’re committed 
to comprehensive and competitive benefits that support physical, financial, emotional and work-life 
wellness. S&P Global knows how important it is to have offerings that keep our people healthy.

Health and Safety Performance

Employee Wellbeing

Health and safety are key priorities, and our facilities 
worldwide follow rigorous, internally and externally audited, 
occupational health and safety policies in line with ISO 
45001 and ISO 14001 standards. For additional information, 
please see our Health, Safety and Environmental Policy.

Our goal is to prevent all work-related accidents and ensure 
the safety of our people worldwide. In 2021, we experienced  
zero incidents. 

To improve our working environment, we expect our 
people to report all incidents. To help drive down risk 
and raise awareness of health and safety practices, 
we offer a Health, Safety and Environment online 
induction training program in several of our locations.

In 2021, we invested in Risk Management Plus software, 
a tool to help us efficiently report and investigate any 
incidents that occur within our business. This tool enables 
us to document all aspects of an incident in accordance 
with local regulatory requirements. It also provides 
the opportunity to review corrective and preventive 
actions to help mitigate future incident occurrences.

Our primary health and safety considerations continued 
to be pandemic related. While several of our locations 
opened for our people to return on a voluntary basis, and 
we established a tiered return to office protocol, work 
from home recommendations remained in effect in 2021 
following public health guidance and local regulations.
As the pandemic evolves and conditions change, we will 
continually adjust our internal planning efforts, strategies 
and procedures. 

Fatalities

Major injuries and 
work-related illnesses

All other injuries and  
work-related illnesses

Total Recordable Incident  
Rate (TRIR)

2020

2021

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

0

To support our colleagues’ wellbeing, we provide a host of 
programs, resources and incentives that enable informed 
decisions and healthy lifestyles. We offer flexible work 
environments and global benefits and programs designed 
with our people’s physical, financial, mental and  
emotional health in mind – inside and outside of work. 

In 2021, we introduced Putting Our People First 8.0, further 
expanding our 2020 benefits to enhance the people 
experience. Shaped by competitive and market research, 
along with feedback from colleagues, these enhancements 
will support our people’s lifestyles, time, pay, families 
and career aspirations and include the following:

 – Five Wellness Days for the entire company to 

collectively unplug

 – Unlimited recharge time, which allows colleagues to 

take as much vacation/personal paid time off away from 
work as they deem consistent with their duties and the 
company’s obligations

 – 26 weeks’ paid parental leave, an increase from the 

former 20 weeks policy 

Our People First initiative goes hand in hand with our  
Chief Purpose Officer’s open door policy where feedback 
from colleagues is welcomed and helps shape policies  
and initiatives across the globe.

We continue to provide expanded benefits to help our people 
navigate the COVID-19 pandemic, including telemedicine 
and mental health support services. This includes a 
variety of preventive care solutions, as well as our global, 
culturally appropriate LifeWorks Wellbeing program that 
provides no-cost confidential information and tools to 
support our people and their family members in all areas 
of wellness. These resources include connections to 
immediate support, community referrals, counseling, 
virtual fitness classes and a wellbeing platform.

For additional information regarding benefits 
offered by location, please visit our website.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

14

 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Our Sustainability 
Performance

Our approach to managing our sustainability performance begins with a robust materiality  
assessment, which was created incorporating the views of our key internal and external stakeholders. 
We understand that materiality is dynamic, evolving over time. We also assert that materiality must 
include the impacts on the environment, communities, economies, people and our business.

Materiality

Last year S&P Global updated our materiality assessment 
to better reflect the identification and prioritization of the 
issues we impact the most. In late 2021 we reassessed 
our materiality assessment and found a continued 

focus on the eight material topics described within this 
document. We added Global Human Rights as an additional 
Responsible Business Imperative based on guidance from 
stakeholders (notably employees, suppliers and investors).

Our Materiality 2021

Topics of Interest

Topics of interest that we will 
track, monitor and manage 
as they rise in importance

Responsible 
Business Imperatives

Imperative business practices 
for an ethical and stakeholder-
driven organization

Material Topics

Material topics that 
pose the greatest risk or 
opportunity, or where we 
have a significant impact

Material Topics

Biodiversity & Natural Capital
Business Ethics & Integrity
Data Privacy & Cybersecurity
Diversity, Equity & Inclusion
Energy & Climate Change
ESG Products & Data
Innovation & Technology
Talent Attraction & Development

s
n
o
i
t
a
t
c
e
p
x
E
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S

l

Responsible Business Imperatives

Corporate Governance
Employee Health, Safety & Wellbeing
Policy Influence & Transparent Engagement
Responsible Products & Marketing
Global Human Rights
Responsible Sourcing & Supply Chain Management
Risk & Crisis Management

Topics of Interest

Socioeconomic Development
Waste & Circular Economy

Impact on S&P Global and Impact on the Environment, Society and Economy

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

15

 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Stakeholder Engagement

Feedback from our stakeholders is a key driver to update our materiality assessment. In 2020, 
we sought diverse voices from our business, customers, investors, suppliers and nonprofit 
partners. In 2021, we continued this approach, through several engagement channels.

Senior Leadership

Investors

The Corporate Responsibility team, custodians of the 
corporate sustainability strategy, regularly present 
the latest developments on the company’s ESG 
performance, including risks, opportunities, ESG 
ratings and industry trends, to S&P Global’s senior 
leadership and the Board of Directors. These updates 
are essential to embed the views of our leaders and to 
make timely decisions on our sustainability journey.

Employees

Each year, the company consults our employees through 
our VIBE platform. This engagement allows us to 
understand the needs of our people and design strategies 
to bridge gaps and measure the success of our actions. 
In 2021, the survey was conducted twice due to the 
ongoing effects of the pandemic on our people and the 
expectations on the upcoming merger with IHS Markit.

We also maintain an inbox for employees to share ideas 
and encourage employees to speak with their People 
Partners. Through our employee resource and affinity 
groups we solicit and receive feedback from local markets.

Customers

We engage our customers through several channels, 
including surveys, our corporate website, podcasts, webinars 
and dedicated corporate events. For example, through 
Sustainable1, we organized a side event during COP26 in 
Glasgow, to share insights and open discussions with private 
sector leaders from banks, companies and investors. 

S&P Global has a variety of channels to engage 
with investors, including the Annual Meeting and 
other dedicated events. The company’s Investor 
Relations team and the Office of the Corporate 
Secretary also seek feedback and questions from 
investors on the company’s ESG performance.

Suppliers

We engage with suppliers through our Enterprise Vendor 
Management Office. As set out in our Vendor Code 
of Conduct, we expect our suppliers to adhere and 
contribute to our long-term goals on vendor diversity 
and environmental responsibility. Our engagement 
includes gathering data on our vendors’ endeavors to 
transition to net-zero and adopt science-based targets.

Communities

We actively engage with nonprofit partners through our 
DEI work and the S&P Global Foundation. For instance, 
the Foundation works with nonprofit partners to 
advance our efforts to create a more inclusive economy 
for marginalized populations, bridge the global skills 
gap and promote a sustainable environment. For more 
information, please see the Community Impact section.

Material Topic

Upstream S&P Global

Downstream Who Is Affected

Business Ethics & Integrity

Data Privacy & Cybersecurity

ESG Products & Data

Innovation & Technology

Energy & Climate Change

Biodiversity & Natural Capital

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

Talent Attraction & Development

•   
•   

•   
•   
•   

•   
•   
•   
•   
•   

•   
•   

•   

•   

•   

Customers, Employees, Investors

Customers, Investors

Customers, Employees

Communities, Customers, Employees, Investors

Communities, Suppliers

Communities, Customers

Communities, Customers, Employees, Investors, Suppliers

Employees, Investors

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

16

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Our ESG Performance

This section covers our progress and performance in the eight material topics.  
To go directly to a topic, click on the links below.

Governance
 – Business Ethics & Integrity
 – Data Privacy & Cybersecurity 

Economic 
 – ESG Products & Data
 – Innovation & Technology 

Environmental 
 – Energy & Climate Change
 – Biodiversity & Natural Capital  

Social 
 – Diversity, Equity & Inclusion 
 – Talent Attraction & Development

Advancing the SDGs

The United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) serve as a blueprint for a 
better and more sustainable future for the environment and society. We recognize the 
impact our work has to help contribute to or inhibit progress toward the goals. 

Our material topics primarily intersect with four SDGs, described below. In addition, 
S&P Global offers tools, research and analytics to assist other companies and investors 
evaluate and improve their own performance in helping to achieve the SDGs.

Goal 5 –Gender Equality

Goal 8 – Decent Work  
and Economic Growth

Goal 12 – Responsible 
Consumption and Production 
and Economic Growth

Goal 13 – Climate Action

Our commitment to 
gender equality is 
evidenced through our 
work on global gender 
representation and 
gender pay gap. Please 
see Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion for more 
details on our progress 
and performance.

We are committed to a 
People First Approach 
at S&P Global. This 
strategy covers all our 
global operations and 
we have made great 
progress in recent years. 
From offering 26 weeks 
of paid parental leave to 
supporting our people 
during the pandemic. 
For more details, please 
see Employee Health, 
Safety and Wellbeing 
and Talent Attraction 
and Development.

Our purpose is to 
accelerate progress in 
the world by providing 
intelligence that is 
essential to helping 
countries, companies and 
investors make decisions 
with conviction. In 2021, we 
launched Sustainable1 as 
the new go-to-market for 
S&P Global’s sustainable 
solutions, representing our 
commitment to providing 
customers resources to 
navigate their transition to 
a low-carbon, sustainable 
and equitable future.

We are committed to 
mitigating climate change 
in our value chain. We have 
set a goal to be net-zero by 
2040 and have set science-
based targets to 2025. For 
more detailed information 
on our progress to meet 
our targets, please see 
the Energy and Climate 
Change section.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

17

 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Business Ethics and Integrity

Our business is built on trust, and at S&P Global, we are focused on maintaining high standards of ethics 
and integrity in everything we do. This focus underscores our core values, is embedded in our culture and 
informs how we run our business on a daily basis. The tone is set from the top and reinforced through our 
governance structure, our Code of Business Ethics (COBE), and key global policies and guidelines.

Our Performance

In 2021, we amended and strengthened policies and 
expanded training to help ensure high standards of 
integrity and business ethics. For example, we:

 – Established a new Virtual Workplace Policy to ensure 

consistency and clarification around work from 
home responsibilities and conflicts of interest, with 
a biannual process for reporting outside activities.

 – Updated training to strengthen our focus on 

diversity, equity and inclusion, with new language 
on zero tolerance toward bullying and harassment 
and additional content on discrimination.

 – Revamped our Travel and Expense Policy to 
ensure a strong focus on sustainability as 
part of our ethical business practices.

One of the most important policies in the company, 
the COBE guides everything we do. Our CEO receives 
frequent reports during our annual COBE training 
campaign and our Board of Directors receives annual 
updates on policy changes and completion rates. 

Available in 11 languages, our COBE provides a clear 
roadmap for expected ethical behavior. Everyone who 
works for us is required to complete the COBE training 
and sign an affirmation statement annually. Failure to 
do so may lead to disciplinary action or termination.

While certain elements of ethics training are mandatory 
for everyone who works for us, additional training may be 
required based on risk profiles, roles, job functions and 
geographic locations. Biannual certification (for reporting 
possession of securities and outside activities) is mandatory. 
Failure to comply may lead to termination of employment.

We also work to foster a “speak up culture,” encouraging 
our people to raise issues and voice concerns regarding 
ethical conduct. We provide several channels for 
reporting issues, including our EthicsPoint helpline, a 24/7 
comprehensive and confidential reporting tool to assist 
management and employees to work together to address 
fraud, abuse and other misconduct in the workplace, 
all while cultivating a positive work environment.

100%

2021 COBE training completion

We have a zero-tolerance policy for bribery and corruption 
and encourage our people and external stakeholders 
to report any ethical concerns through the EthicsPoint 
helpline. S&P Global team members must obtain compliance 
approval before spending on gifts and entertainment. 

In addition to the anti-bribery and corruption coverage by 
our COBE, many colleagues receive additional targeted anti-
bribery and anti-corruption training depending on their role 
and risk profile. As a result, we follow a risk-based approach 
toward anti-bribery and anti-corruption training, including 
sanctions training, focusing on locations and job functions.

The company defines a corruption incident as one 
that has been disclosed by S&P Global Inc. in its U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission public filings. We 
experienced zero incidents of corruption in 2021.

Tax Policy

Our commitment to high standards of ethics and integrity 
extends to paying taxes. We strictly comply with the tax 
laws in every jurisdiction where we operate, balancing these 
duties with our commitment to efficient operations. The 
S&P Global Tax Group is accountable for the implementation 
of the Global Tax Policy, which was adopted in 2021.

Our international team of experienced tax professionals, 
along with global third-party tax advisors, enable us to 
operate within a comprehensive tax control framework and 
to properly identify and manage tax risks and compliance 
obligations. We emphasize strong internal controls and 
transparency with investors and tax authorities and provide 
disclosure of tax information in periodic financial reports.

Looking Ahead 

To ensure consistency, best practices and a seamless 
integration of S&P Global and IHS Markit corporate 
policies and procedures post-merger, the company is 
undergoing a rigorous corporate policy harmonization 
process. These combined policies and procedures 
will be reflected in our 2022 Impact Report.

COBE training will be one of the first big post-
merger activities, with training and affirmation 
launched enterprise-wide on day one.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

18

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity

Data Privacy

At S&P Global, data privacy and the protection of personal information is a top priority.  
Safeguarding customer, employee, partner and stakeholder information informs how we  
conduct our business and is essential to maintaining our reputation for trust and integrity.

Governance and Performance

Effective data privacy governance can help mitigate 
data privacy risk and ensure compliance with global 
data protection and privacy laws. This is why we take 
a multi-layered approach to privacy management, 
collaborating with multiple stakeholders to ensure that 
personal data is properly categorized and protected. 

Our Privacy Center is responsible for implementing 
and ensuring compliance with all S&P Global privacy 
policies. In 2021, we strengthened our Privacy team, 
reduced regulatory risk, enhanced compliance, 
governance and awareness, and increased operational 
efficiency. Below are some of our 2021 achievements:

 – Completed readiness project for new South Africa 
regulations and reviewed new requirements for  
several countries, including the People’s Republic  
of China, India and Saudi Arabia.

 – Reviewed 63 vendor relationships for compliance 

with regulations related to the transfer of 
personal information.

 – Updated our Corporate, Candidate and Employee  
Privacy Policies, as well as our Cookie Notice.

 – Rolled out revised Data Protection Appendix EU  

Standard Contractual Clauses for clients and vendors  
to reflect new EU standards for cross-border 
data transfers.

As a global organization, we consistently monitor for 
legal and regulatory changes and local impact in the 
countries where we operate, focusing on potential 
effects to our people, products and services, and adjust 
our policies and programs as appropriate. To meet 
the requirements of new and emerging privacy laws, 
S&P Global engaged in a data discovery and governance 
program using Informatica Data Privacy Manager (DPM). 
DPM has been used to help identify high-risk information 
assets and to help respond to data subject requests. 

While we are taking these steps and others to help 
ensure we abide by privacy laws in the countries where 
we do business, the lack of regulatory consistency and 
harmonization is a challenge to global organizations like 
ours and we monitor international changes closely.

We understand our data privacy checks and balances rely  
on the diligence of our people. 

COBE outlines our privacy principles, and we provide 
required data privacy training on an annual basis for all 
employees. In 2020 and 2021, we achieved the following:

 – 13,000+ of our people were provided with Privacy  

by Design training 

 – 20,000+ of our people were provided with training 
on privacy principles, policies and regulations 

 – 4 trainings on new EU standards for cross-border  
data transfers were provided to our legal and  
procurement teams 

Corporate Privacy Policy

Our Corporate Privacy Policy enshrines our commitment 
to privacy and data protection for customers, prospects, 
vendors and other stakeholders. It is reviewed annually 
and updated when necessary to reflect how we collect, 
store and use personal information and includes a 
Preference Center for each division to manage opt-out 
requests and customer opt-in preferences. Translated 
from English into 11 key languages, the regularly updated 
policy is presented in a layered format for increased 
transparency and provides user-friendly explanations of 
how we collect, share, use and protect information. 

Incident Response

To ensure potential data breaches are responded to in a 
methodical and timely way, and to minimize the impact 
where the incident involves the unauthorized access, 
disclosure, misuse or loss of personal information, we 
maintain a robust Cyber Incident Response Plan, which is 
available to all employees. Managed by our Cyber Incident 
Response Team, the plan lays out our escalation process 
and procedures to follow in the case of an incident. 

Looking Ahead

In light of the merger with IHS Markit, we are working to 
ensure alignment and continuity of core policies. S&P Global 
is maturing the privacy program operating model by 
creating a dedicated information and privacy function 
within the Compliance team under Global Risk Assurance 
to bring together Information Governance and Privacy. The 
new operating model will build on our existing hub-and-
spoke approach and provide for a smooth combination 
with IHS Markit colleagues on day one post-merger.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

19

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Cybersecurity

Our business is based on data and analytics, so the protection of information is of paramount 
importance to us. Our clients, investors and colleagues trust us to safeguard our networks  
and data systems from external threats, as well as protect their own data and rights to privacy.  
Maintaining this trust is critical to our brand and reputation. We continuously update our 
strategies, processes, training and technologies to mitigate risk, stay ahead of the evolving 
cyberthreat landscape and handle information in a secure and responsible way.

Cybersecurity Performance

Remote work brought on by COVID-19 continued throughout 
2021 and we strengthened our efforts to secure our people 
and systems while working from home. These efforts 
included the following:

 – Conducted training to address cybersecurity and 
confidentiality of information within a remote 
work environment.

 – Developed new work-from-home guidelines. 

 – Adopted new equipment, including enhanced 

VPN capabilities. 

 – Matured and broadened our technology to help  

protect individual, at-home users.

S&P Global’s leadership included cybersecurity in our 
2021 Enterprise Goals, reflecting its importance to the 
resiliency of our business. Our Board of Directors, primarily 
through the Audit and Finance Committees, oversees our 
technology and cyber risk profile, enterprise technology 
and cyber strategies, and information security initiatives. 
The Board is briefed on technology and cybersecurity 
risk management and environment through committee 
updates, as well as biannual updates from the Chief 
Information Officer and the Chief Information Security 
Officer, with more frequent updates as necessary. 

We define a breach of customer privacy as any incident that 
has been disclosed by S&P Global, Inc. in its U.S. Securities 
and Exchange Commission public filings. In 2021, we 
experienced zero incidents of breaches of customer privacy.

To mitigate cybersecurity risks, our Global Information 
Security team assesses our program against the Financial 
Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center  
(FS-ISAC) best practices and conducts continuous, daily 
vulnerability scanning with remediation in line with our 
standards and company policy. Actions are tracked 
against problems being raised from the surveillance. 
Penetration testing is performed at least once per year. 

To keep abreast of the threat landscape and ensure a 
robust cybersecurity posture, our Information Security 
team participates in FS-ISAC to gain training and receives 

meaningful threat intelligence on trends. This continued  
partnership reinforces our commitment to cybersecurity,  
as does our partnership with the World Economic Forum's  
Centre for Cybersecurity.

Our Cyber Incident Response Plan provides a framework for 
responding swiftly and effectively in the event of a cyber-
attack. We use lessons from these events to improve and 
update the company’s security capabilities and resiliency. 
We have been working on modernizing our technologies in 
order to respond to threats more quickly and have updated 
our end-to-end point detection tools and testing solution. 

Training

Our people are our first line of defense and play a key role in 
identifying, avoiding and mitigating cybersecurity threats. 
We provide them with mandatory annual training, which is 
managed by our Information Security team who ensures 
modules are continually updated to address and cover new 
risks and threat landscapes. An internal audit realized gaps 
in consequences for failure to complete training. These gaps 
were addressed and those who fail to complete training 
are now escalated to our People Team for further action. 

We also conduct simulations to test our defenses, including a 
monthly phishing simulation. Continuous training and random 
phishing security testing in 2021 resulted in a decrease in 
susceptibility rate for our users, bringing our yearly average 
to less than 10%.

Looking Ahead 

As we move forward post-merger, we will mature and 
strengthen our information security program to meet 
the new needs of the company within a rapidly changing 
cybersecurity environment. This includes increasing our 
level of training and tailoring our training to ensure strong 
focus where needed.

In response to feedback from our Operating Committee, we 
will continue rigorous testing and improve employee training 
and awareness programs. Plans also include updating our 
vulnerability management program, scaling and tailoring 
our penetration testing program and conducting tabletop 
exercises for cyber events at the local and divisional levels.

2019

2020

2021

External auditors examined our 
IT infrastructure and information
security management systems.

We began implementing a cyber 
transformation program to enhance 
our security posture and mature our
global security systems.

We implemented and enhanced our 
distributed denial of service (DDoS)  
protection capabilities, which strengthens 
our ability to respond to cyber events 
including DDoS attacks, by deploying 
modern, centralized technology.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

20

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

ESG Products and Data

As ESG factors continue to take on even greater significance for our customers and the global community, we 
are leveraging our rich data and analytics to help inform strategies and investment decisions, while keeping 
ahead of rapidly changing needs in this highly competitive, increasingly regulated market. Aligned with our 
mission, our innovative ESG products place us in a position to create meaningful change in the world by using 
our high-quality data to drive capital and commodity markets, support transparency objectives and rapidly 
respond to regulations to help companies and investors make better, more sustainable decisions. 

Our Performance

Sustainable1

Over the past 20 years, we have championed sustainable 
markets, offering diverse ESG solutions that range from 
practical tools and expert, forward-looking research, 
to company-level metrics and market benchmarks. Our 
solutions help companies and investors identify growth 
opportunities, mitigate ESG risks and maximize and evaluate 
their performance against the SDGs or Paris Agreement, 
as well as emerging regulations. We also deploy our 
expertise and advanced analytics to keep clients abreast 
of emerging challenges such as biodiversity loss and 
natural resource scarcity. In 2021, all business divisions 
maintained strong performance across our ESG offerings.

ESG Revenue Breakdown by Division

Revenue by Division ($)

2020 Actuals

2021 Actuals

S&P Global Total

92,000,000

140,000,000

Commodity Insights

50,000,000

70,000,000

Ratings

1,000,000

4,000,000

Market Intelligence

25,000,000

41,000,000

Launched in April 2021, our S&P Global Sustainable1 
organization forms a centralized group representing all of our 
integrated sustainability offerings. Sustainable1 brings our 
resources and full product suite of benchmarking, analytics, 
evaluations and indices together to provide customers with 
a 360-degree view to help achieve their sustainability goals.

We also launched our S&P Global Sustainable1 Knowledge 
Hub to provide a comprehensive public resource for the 
markets. The tool brings together insights and thought 
leadership from S&P Global divisions and Sustainable1, 
to provide data and well-informed points of view 
on critical topics such as energy transition, climate 
resilience, positive impact and sustainable finance. 

Corporate Sustainability Assessment 

In 2021, we invited 10,000 companies to participate in our 
annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA). More 
than 2,100 companies participated, an increase of over 
50% from 2020. CSA results are used to select constituent 
companies into different sustainability-focused indices, 
including the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI). ESG 
scores calculated from the CSA are also used by investors to 
gain insight into business value drivers that are comparable 
across peers and sub-industries.

Indices

Mobility

9,000,000

17,000,000

4,000,000

5,000,000

Trucost

S&P Global Trucost has been assessing risks relating to 
climate change, natural resource constraints, and broader 
environmental, social and governance factors since  
2000. Trucost intelligence continues to help corporations,  
financial institutions and governments build resilience  
and get ahead in the transition to a low-carbon, sustainable 
and equitable future. It’s also the data and analytics 
engine that powers many of our own ESG solutions. 

In 2021 we made Trucost information, which consists of 
datasets from more than 17,000 companies, available to  
our subscribing clients at no extra cost.

Click here for additional detail.

Engineering Solutions

3,000,000

3,000,000

Chart 3: ESG & Climate Revenue Forecast
($ in millions)

ESG & Climate Revenue Forecast ($ in millions)

600

Adjusted Pro Forma

~$600 

Includes S&P Global and
IHS Markit products

~$450 

R

G

%  C A

4 6

~$210 

~$320 

$140 

$92 

500

400

300

200

100

0

2020A

2021A

2022F

2023F

2024F

2025F

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

21

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Divisional Highlights

S&P Global Ratings

Our credit rating analysis takes a holistic view of 
exposure to ESG factors and related mitigants. We 
only incorporate in our credit rating analysis those ESG 
factors that materially influence creditworthiness and 
for which we have sufficient visibility and certainty. 
To further enhance transparency, we also publish:

 – ESG credit indicators, reflecting our opinion  

of how material the influence of ESG factors is on  
our credit rating analysis

 – ESG paragraphs in credit ratings research

 – ESG sector report cards

In addition to credit ratings, S&P Global Ratings provides 
distinct sustainable finance services, which include the 
ESG Evaluation (a forward-looking opinion of a company’s 
ability to manage future ESG risks and opportunities) and 
Sustainable Financing Opinions. In 2021, we completed 
59 evaluations and 42 sustainable financing opinions.

S&P Global Market Intelligence

S&P Global Market Intelligence offers ESG data and 
analytics that assess the performance of companies 
and investment portfolios against financially material 
metrics to uncover market opportunities. With the ever-
growing product suite of Market Intelligence, ESG data 
was first introduced on the S&P Capital IQ Pro platform in 
mid-2020. We continue to make more datasets available 
with every product release to help our clients become 
more aligned with industry standards and regulations. 

S&P Global Platts

The global energy transition has given rise to major 
innovations in the sustainable production and consumption 
of commodities toward lower carbon pathways. These 
groundbreaking developments are creating opportunities, 
upending business models and igniting new ideas to confront 
the increased complexity in this space. S&P Global Platts 
provides in-depth benchmark price assessments, news and 
insights to assist decision-makers in understanding and 
managing this complexity, as well as developing strategies 
to help our clients prosper in the new energy world.

To cater for this shift, Q1 2021 saw the launch of Platts  
Energy Transition service. We also:

 – Built out 11 daily core carbon assessments, alongside  

another six AI-driven carbon indices (in partnership with 
Viridios Capital) that focus on broader sustainability 
impact. This means Platts has unique coverage of  
the world’s carbon markets and shows the significant 
range of values in emissions reduction projects. We  
are already seeing uptake in supply contracts 
that reference Platts data.

 – Launched coverage of crude oil carbon intensity value 

(monthly) and price (daily) for 84 fields across the world. 
We expect to progressively cover the bulk of the world’s 
crude oil supply in the coming months. This sets the stage 
for the crude markets to trade around Platts emissions 
baselines as they start to embrace a lower carbon world.

S&P Dow Jones Indices

S&P Dow Jones Indices works with market-leading data 
partners to cater to an array of climate and sustainability 
investing needs, including sophisticated forward-looking 
approaches in line with the recommendations of the 
TCFD and climate benchmark standards proposed by 
the EU Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance. 
As of 2021, our range of headline ESG indices has grown 
to 200, with assets under license totaling $2.7 trillion.

Sustainability-focused Indices

ESG Index Solutions

Monetary value 
2020 ($)

Monetary value 
2021 ($)

Core ESG Indices

4,046,603,492 

10,135,673,942 

Climate Indices

1,702,512,865 

4,519,062,979 

Thematic  
ESG Indices

Fixed Income  
ESG Indices

AuL of 
Sustainability-
focused Indices

14,053,633,863 

17,411,922,313 

56,969,500

92,005,111 

19,859,719,720 

32,173,026,252

Total AuL

1,997,633,902,452

2,795,656,082,476

Case Study: ESG Eurozone 60 Bund-SV Index

In 2021 we launched the ESG Eurozone 60 Bund-SV  
Index, a collaboration between S&P Dow Jones  
Indices and the German government. The innovative 
ESG index, which incorporates the minimum 
standards for EU Climate Transaction Benchmarks 
as described in Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 and 
aligns with the landmark Paris Agreement, will 
serve as a performance benchmark for four of the 
government’s Federal Special Pension Funds.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

22

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Net Zero Financial Service Providers Alliance 

Case Study:  G7 Impact Taskforce

S&P Global is a proud member of the Net Zero Financial 
Service Providers Alliance (NZFSPA), a global group of 
financial service providers and organizations offering 
related products or services. NZFSPA members are 
committed to supporting the goal of global net-zero 
greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or sooner, in line 
with the ambition to limit the global temperature 
increase to 1.5°C above pre-industrial levels. 

Members recognize the significant risks associated 
with climate change and delaying the transition 
to a net-zero economy. This includes financial 
risks, such as the risk of stranded assets and loss 
of earnings for organizations with operations not 
aligned with this transition. By signing the NZFSPA 
Commitment, members commit to aligning with 
a net-zero economy, supporting their clients’ 
transition to net-zero and collaborating to help 
ensure capital market participants have access to 
best practice, robust science-based approaches and 
methodologies, and improved data and research, 
through which to deliver on these commitments.

Created in 2021, with the support of the UK 
government under its G7 presidency, the Impact 
Taskforce (ITF) unites leading voices from the 
worlds of business, investment and public policy 
to “contribute practically to promote sustainable, 
impact-driven economies and societies worldwide,” 
and to harness private capital at scale for public good. 

In 2021, the 120-member ITF released 
recommendations aimed at financing a just transition 
to a climate-secure future in its report, Time to deliver: 
Mobilizing private capital at scale for people and planet. 
The report explains how societal shifts and leaps in  
technology created opportunity to mobilize private 
capital in the search for better solutions and lays out  
actionable pathways to work with public capital to  
deliver benefits for people and the planet. As a  
founding member of ITF, S&P Global CEO Doug  
Peterson chaired the workstream on transparency,  
harmonization and integrity in impact measurement  
and reporting. 

“

Our conviction on ESG is this –  
we believe in it, we practice its 
principles and we are continuously 
evolving our products to include it. 

Richard Mattison 
President, S&P Global Sustainable1  
& CEO, S&P Global Trucost

Looking Ahead

One of the company’s main goals for 2022 and beyond 
is to stay abreast of key market developments, focusing 
more on demonstrating real-world impacts and alignment 
with the SDGs. Sustainable1 will also continue to be a 
thought leader, with a continual flow of publicly accessible 
ESG information and data. We also plan on launching the 
following innovations and enhancements in early 2022:

 – Green Bonds version two enhancement with increased 
coverage of bonds and enhanced methodology for 
avoided emissions/net benefit calculation

 – A climate-aligned commodity data and index application  
to quantify climate change, water depletion and land use  
impacts of on key commodities

 – Version two of our EU Taxonomy Revenue Share to 

incorporate substantial contribution, DNSH and social  
minimum safeguards, when feasible

 – Updated CSA methodology to capture upcoming ESG 
trends and evolve our ESG scores and data offering

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

23

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Innovation and Technology

Innovation

Innovation is key to success in our knowledge-driven sector and in the markets and workplaces 
of today and tomorrow. To continue to accelerate progress and navigate rapidly evolving markets, 
we foster a culture of innovation, encouraging and challenging our people to disrupt how we think 
and operate to drive productivity, improve agility and increase value for our customers.

Innovation Performance

Innovation Platform

With the pandemic and work from home continuing  
through 2021, our company and our people continued to 
innovate and adapt, finding new ways of connecting and 
adopting tools and processes to bring us closer together  
as colleagues and as an organization. We piloted, hosted  
and launched several new initiatives and programs, 
including the following:

 – Launched the S&P Global Innovation Platform, a cross-
divisional tool to house innovation and technology 
initiatives, and closed a key gap to enable engagement, 
transparency and tracking for these programs. 

 – Hosted our SPARK Summit, a three-day event 
to explore how our teams, customers and 
external partners use technology and innovation 
processes to accelerate progress in the world. 

 – Hosted a virtual Inventors’ Roundtable, bringing 

together some of S&P Global’s greatest innovators 
to share how they approached specific challenges 
and ultimately created patentable products 
that brought real value to the business. 

Case Study: S&P Global Hackathon with 
Claremont Colleges Consortium 

In 2021, through our EssentialTECH program, 
we hosted our first-ever Claremont FinTech 
Hackathon, a national competition for students 
at the California-based Claremont Colleges 
Consortium. During the month-long hackathon, 
more than 40 students formed 13 teams assessed 
how U.S. companies are accelerating progress 
in the world through their ESG efforts. 

Teams developed models to showcase their 
findings by leveraging seven unique datasets, 
accessible via S&P Global's collaboration with 
Snowflake’s Cloud Data Platform. The winning 
team, CGU FinTech, identified a correlation 
between human capital development and talent 
attraction and retention, as proxies for identifying 
companies’ exposure to racial and social injustice, 
and were offered the opportunity to develop 
their project with a team from S&P Global.

At  S&P Global, we believe that everyone can be an innovator. 
That’s why our Innovation Platform is designed to create 
a culture of innovation, establishing a repeatable process 
while driving real business impact. Designed for teams 
of all sizes, our Innovation Platform makes it simple to 
participate and taps the power of our people to source 
and select ideas, crowdfund projects, run hackathons 
and turn ideas into reality. With software that enables 
effective decisions so program success can scale across our 
company, our platform tracks and measures multiple types 
of success, with data-driven results readily accessible.

 – Hackathons: Opportunities beyond traditional 

business to foster innovation and creative problem 
solving by bringing people together to collaborate 
and compete to solve a business challenge.

 – Battle of the Bots: A contest to drive engagement by 
recognizing our people who identified and delivered 
key robotic process automation projects yielding 
efficiencies, improving time to market or data quality. 

 – Ideas that Inspire Innovation (i3): A contest to help 
create growth, performance improvements and 
strategic value by bringing our Market Intelligence 
people together to promote and develop their ideas, 
with best ideas moving from pitch to implementation. 

 – Patent Program: Fostering a culture of innovation 
by maximizing the commercial and competitive 
value of intellectual property rights.

Looking Ahead

Moving forward, we will evolve our federated operating 
model and drive business value and creativity through 
additional tools and processes, including positioning 
our Innovation Platform as a tool to help the business 
achieve their goals faster. We will also continue efforts 
to establish strong inter-divisional relationships, as 
well as external partnerships and connections.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

24

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Technology

At S&P Global, we are driven by technology, turning data into insights by mining and analyzing  
billions of data points to uncover critical information that our customers need to make sound 
decisions. Technology is an essential enabler for our business. It is also essential for our people 
and we continue to accelerate opportunities to learn and apply leading-edge tech skills. 

Technology Performance

S&P Global is focused on the development of our people 
in a dynamic technology environment. Our EssentialTECH 
program brings opportunities to build skills, capabilities and 
mindsets to address the business and career development 
needs of today and tomorrow. We’re building tech fluency for 
all employees across core areas: Agile, Automation, Cloud, 
Cyber, Data Science and DevOps, strengthening role-based 
capabilities through comprehensive learning journeys.

 – EssentialTECH Chapters/Core Communities: Partners  
representing technology communities of practice, 
regional chapters and champion groups to help direct,  
guide and support programs.

 – Innovation Forum: Small, cross-functional body of senior 
leaders who set innovation priorities, drive direction and  
champion innovation, encouraging individuals and teams  
to go beyond customary job boundaries.

Across each of these areas, a blended learning 
approach has been deployed, leveraging courses 
developed specifically for S&P Global, supplementing 
the learning paths through external industry-leading 
courses, and enabling the application of skills through 
innovation-based activities. We incentivize employee 
development by awarding digital credentials and spot 
bonuses for achieving key industry certifications.

Key programs launched this year:

 – Deep role-based learning journeys for full stack, data 
engineering and security analyst functions within the 
organization and combined them with experiential and 
social learning and talent marketplace initiatives. 

 – EssentialTECH Xchanges adding a social learning 
component, professional networking, sharing of 
knowledge and skills, certification prep support, 
mentorship and extended learning opportunities 
through a speaker series and workshops.

 – Our Take 3 program, providing our Digital Technology 
Services team members with a dedicated three 
hours each month for a three-month period 
to focus on learning and innovation. 

 – The EssentialTECH Buddies talent marketplace 

connects technology expertise to where it’s needed 
while building business value and developing 
capabilities together. It includes capabilities coaching, 
study preparation, and opportunities to seek and 
match technical skills with business projects.

Innovation and Technology Governance

We leverage a network of cross-functional and cross-
divisional advisors to help inform and shape the direction 
of our technology and innovation programs. This flexible 
and dynamic approach enables us to remain agile and 
acts as a sharing space and network for opportunities 
and best practices by facilitating connections across 
regions. These advisory groups include the following:

 – EssentialTECH Council: Helps shape priorities and  
provide key input to amplify reach and impact  
throughout the organization.

Cryptocurrency and decentralized finance (DeFi) are 
the latest emerging areas of focus in our market. These 
emerging areas have the potential to significantly disrupt 
and complement financial markets, and how S&P Global 
delivers information. Introductory courses began rolling out 
in December 2021. Research and educational opportunities 
will continue across the company throughout 2022.

Looking Ahead

Upon completion of the merger with IHS Markit, we 
will strengthen our role-based capabilities and align 
tech fluency levels across the combined organization. 
We will explore our impact and influence on talent 
mobility, retention and attraction. We will increase our 
technology education, focusing on key disruptive forces 
including cybersecurity and digitalization of markets. 

84%

83%

of VIBE respondents  
felt being innovative in  
their jobs is encouraged  
at S&P Global

of VIBE respondents felt S&P Global  
provides the opportunity to increase  
their understanding of emerging  
technology and frameworks

22

747

Internal non-tech employees  
who moved into tech roles

Internal tech employees who  
moved into a new tech role

69.6K

Tech training courses

102.3K

Tech training hours

765

External tech hires

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

25

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Energy and Climate Change

We believe that a company can’t be healthy in an unhealthy world. Measuring, managing 
and reducing our own environmental and climate impacts is simply the right thing to do  
for our company and all stakeholders.  

Our Net-Zero Roadmap

Our Performance

In early 2021, we set the ambitious target of achieving net-
zero emissions by 2040. Our targets were validated by the 
Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and are consistent 
with reductions required to keep global warming to 1.5°C. 
Our approach is derived from the latest climate science, 
aligning with best practice of avoiding and reducing GHG 
emissions whenever possible, replacing high-carbon 
energy sources with low-carbon alternatives and enhancing 
our systems to track and disclose our emissions.

Using 2019 as a baseline year, our science-based 
targets commit us to: 

 – 25% reduction in absolute Scope 1 and 2 GHG 
emissions from our global operations by 2025 

 – 25% reduction in absolute Scope 3 GHG emissions 

from employee business travel by 2025 

 – 81% of our top suppliers (by emissions) setting 

their own science-based targets by 2025

Case Study: Thrust Carbon

Reducing our carbon footprint through business 
travel is key to our target of achieving net-zero 
emissions by 2040. In 2021, we enlisted the help 
of Thrust Carbon, an organization that delivers 
proactive travel sustainability solutions and insights. 

Thrust Carbon provides us with tools that calculate 
our full emissions across our entire travel spectrum, 
and encourage, incentivize and influence individual 
and team carbon-reducing behavioral change. 
Continuous live data provides near-real-time, 
enterprise-wide, transparent and detailed insights, 
including emissions by departments and divisions.

Our people are provided with tools to exercise 
greener travel behavior at the point of purchase, 
such as a CO2. These include a CO2 display for all 
flight selections in air searches, an air-rail display 
in the air shopping path and displaying and tagging 
hybrid and electric cars in car searches. Our people 
play an active role in reducing our overall travel-
related carbon emissions. The goal is to provide 
our colleagues with the information necessary to 
make informed travel decisions with conviction.

S&P Global’s climate, energy and broader environmental 
data cover our 91 offices across 32 countries where we 
have operational control. We use site-based environmental 
management systems to identify impacts, establish 
targets and collect, monitor and report data.

In 2020, we extended ISO 14001 certification to 14 offices 
and 80% of our global workforce – up from 10 offices in 2019. 
Due to the ongoing pandemic and a consolidation of our 
Hong Kong offices, there were no new certifications in 2021.

In 2021, in our London, Centennial and Charlottesville 
locations, we transitioned to renewable energy tariffs. In 
early 2022, we will also transition our Ahmedabad, India 
location. All four offices have a potential annual savings of  
3,311 tCO2e based on 2019 figures, or 11% of our total 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

Throughout 2021, most of our people continued to work from  
home. Where offices were open, we encouraged a hybrid  
work environment. 

While employee business travel was still limited in 2021, we  
continued neutralizing all emissions. For every metric ton  
of travel-related CO2e produced, S&P Global purchased  
an equal amount of certified carbon offsets from Natural  
Capital Partners.

Looking Ahead

The merger between S&P Global and IHS Markit will enable a 
variety of efficiencies and synergies, particularly impacting 
our environmental footprint. We anticipate continued 
office consolidations and closures to enable a permanent 
hybrid working model. We also continue to explore tools 
such as LEED green leases and power pact agreements to 
help reduce the impact of our remaining office locations.

In line with best practices outlined by the GHG Protocol 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, S&P Global 
plans to restate its science-based targets to account for 
the significant change to our company’s footprint and 
boundaries. Additionally, we look forward to setting similar 
long-term reduction targets for waste, water and energy.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

26

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Energy

Total Energy

Energy Cost

Total Renewable Energy

Units

MWh

US$

MWh

Renewable Energy Percentage

Percent

2018

64,596

2019

64,265

2020

37,139

2021

25,756

7,087,580

7,051,269

4,114,478

2,739,139

–

–

–

–

–

–

Emissions

Scope 1 GHG Emissions

Units

tCO2e

2018

3,046

2019

3,602

2020

1,623

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (location-based)

tCO2e

29,829

29,508

17,066

12,420

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (market-based)

tCO2e

27,305

26,793

17,157

12,326

Scope 3 GHG Emissions

tCO2e

–

328,754

219,879

215,641

Total GHG Emissions: Scopes 1-3 (market-based)

tCO2e

73,091*

359,149

238,659

228,769

1. Purchased Goods and Services

2. Capital Goods

3. Fuel- and Energy-related Activities

4. Upstream Transportation and Distribution

5. Waste Generated in Operations

6. Business Travel

7. Employee Commuting

8. Upstream Leased Assets

13. Downstream Assets

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

–

162,146

179,110 

22,592

12,029 

3,052

3,444 

11,092

14,789 

53

tCO2e

42,740

46,951

9,703

tCO2e

tCO2e

tCO2e

–

–

–

1.43

4.85

–

–

–

1.35

4.54

10,288

902

51

0.82

2.52

Emissions per employee: Scope 1 and 2 (market-based)

tCO2e/FTE

Emissions per unit of revenue: Scope 1 and 2 
(market-based)

tCO2e/$M

Coverage

102 offices in 
33 countries

103 offices in 
34 countries

96 offices in 
35 countries

91 offices in 
32 countries

*Includes Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Travel emissions only.

For more information, please see our 2021 Assurance Statement.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

27

5,269

20.5

2021

802

52 

2,144 

2,880

1,142 

51

0.57

1.58

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Biodiversity and Natural Capital

S&P Global understands the impacts of biodiversity loss and the depletion of natural resources,  
as well as the real threat to people, communities and businesses around the world. While our operations  
may not pose a significant impact on biodiversity and ecosystem services, any loss in biodiversity will  
have an effect on our ability to operate and the wellbeing of our employees, communities and the natural  
world. Indeed, we must act to reduce any impact we may have as a business and safeguard this asset  
that is of benefit to us all.

Our Performance

In 2021, we partnered with the following organizations 
to advance, develop and deliver frameworks and 
targets for biodiversity and natural capital:

 – As a member of the Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures (TNFD), along with other 
companies, we are working to develop and deliver 
a new framework for organizations to report 
on how their business is dependent on nature 
and act on evolving nature-related risks.

Available in a public and commercial framework, the goal 
of these tools is to help organizations understand and 
measure their risk of company impact and dependence 
on biodiversity, provide information on how to mitigate 
these risks and other management plans, and to 
assess potential risk via proximity to biodiverse areas. 
We anticipate launching this product in 2022. 

Looking Ahead

In 2022 the organization will announce new long-term 
targets for water, waste, forests and biodiversity.

 – In February 2021, we joined the Data Council of the Future 
of Sustainable Data Alliance (FoSDA) as an inaugural 
member, working with other market data experts to help 
advance critical data for governments and investors in 
deploying capital to achieve global sustainability goals.

In the short term, we will focus on understanding the  
impacts we have as an organization on nature, and  
how to mitigate them. Additionally, we will analyze 
how nature-related risks have an effect on the company’s  
ability to generate value.

In 2021, we also conducted further due diligence on 
how to approach this topic – and how it affects other 
material priorities for our business. Through S&P Global 
Sustainable1, in partnership with S&P Global Trucost 
and the World Conservation Monitoring Centre, we 
are finalizing an agreement to build a quantitative, 
comprehensive, scalable, modular and easy-to-
understand dataset and analytics for measuring risk. 

Additionally, we seek to be one of the first companies to 
report using the forthcoming TNFD Framework, as we  
understand that biodiversity and climate change are 
intrinsically linked and require immediate attention  
to mitigate impacts and increase financial capital to  
protect and restore biodiversity.

Water and Waste

Units

2018

2019

2020

2021

Water Consumption

Gallons

40,340,019

40,362,498

14,735,709

10,459,406

Recycling

Recycling Percentage

Composting

Waste to Landfill 

Short Tons

Percent

Short Tons

Short Tons

Waste to Landfill Percentage

Percent

Office Paper Purchased

Short Tons

548

63

13

330

37

54

* Office Paper Purchased in 2020 was previously reported as 40 short tons  
  due to a flaw in methodology. The correct number is 29 short tons.

569

65

17

317

35

72

222

67

10

116

33

29*

87

43

1

119

57

6

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

28

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

Accelerating progress in the world relies on diverse workforces, inclusive workplaces and  
equitable opportunity for all. As a global organization, diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI)  
are central to who we are and vital to our success. 

We work to integrate DEI into everything we do, starting with our workforce and workplace  
and extending far beyond company walls, deep into our marketplace and our local communities.  
DEI is rooted in three key areas – people, customers and community. We are an anti-racist  
organization, focused on doing the work it takes to drive systemic equity in all our 
processes, policies and practices.

“

Creating a culture of belonging where 
different voices are heard, great 
ideas can flourish and everyone can 
thrive are key factors that help drive 
innovation and overall performance. 

Tamara Vasquez 
Vice President  
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

DEI Governance

Founded in 2019, our DEI Council is a governing body 
accountable for driving diversity, equity and inclusion  
efforts across the company. Composed of executives from 
different business divisions and co-chaired by our CEO  
and Chief Purpose Officer, the Council is responsible for 
enterprise-wide DEI strategy, Employee Resource Group 
(ERG) strategy alignment, and DEI metrics. Council members 
fulfill these responsibilities through the following actions: 

 – Communicate: Ensures DEI is embedded across the 

organization, while providing a forum for regular feedback 
and engagement to inform direction and strategy.

 – Advocate: Drives and governs DEI efforts and ensures 
divisional alignment, while instituting, supporting and 
integrating DEI best practices to collectively produce 
meaningful programs that enhance the overall business.

 – Champion: Delivers the DEI strategy within their division, 

sponsors ERG board leaders and recommends new talent  
for open ERG board roles. 

Together DEI Council members work to create an 
organizational culture and climate in which every voice 
is valued and colleagues feel a sense of belonging and 
empowerment – connecting with one another and to 
the organization to do their best work. The Council also 
serves to enable organizational alignment across business 
divisions and externally to advance DEI strategies.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

29

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Our Performance

Diversity in Our Workforce

We want our 23,000 colleagues around the world 
to feel that they belong, are appreciated for their 
unique backgrounds and perspectives and are treated 
equitably. We commit to providing a level playing field 
so that everyone who works for us can be themselves 
and reach their full potential. We actively encourage a 
culture where our people enrich the work experience for 
colleagues through training, connecting and listening. 

In 2021, we expanded our DEI commitment, further 
empowering our people to activate, connect, listen and 
execute on our DEI goals.

 – Launched Eskalera, a new learning platform that 

empowers employees to build awareness, maximize 
potential and elevate decision-making to drive a 
better culture, promote inclusivity and engagement 
and productivity.

 – Expanded our definition of diversity to enable greater 

opportunities for people with disabilities.

 – Unveiled a Women’s Return to Work program in India  
and continue to focus on gender inclusion in key  
markets like Pakistan and India.

Employee Resource Groups 

Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) help us foster 
inclusion, impacting thousands of colleagues who come 
together based on shared life and career experiences 
to further professional development and support 
business success and community engagement. Led by 
colleagues and funded by the company, these global 
affinity groups represent Black, Hispanic and Latinx, 
and Asian colleagues, women, veterans, parents, 
people of all abilities and our LGBTQ+ community.

In 2021, we increased our financial investment in 
our ERGs. New ERG chapters were launched and 
strategies expanded globally, with our ERGs taking 
on additional activities and programming, including 
Dynamic Discussions and Courageous Conversations 
speaker series, a video series on disability inclusion and 
accessibility, and other capacity-building initiatives.

Our workforce is key to our success and provides a strong  
foundation for our diversity efforts. While we have made 
strides in some areas, we recognize that there is more  
work to be done. 

In 2021, 0.99% of our U.S. workforce self-identified as 
LGBTQ+, 0.44% disclosed a disability* and 1.16% reported  
being a veteran. 

*  The previously stated 2020 percentage of employees who self-identify as  
  having a disability was incorrect due to an error in aggregating the data in  
  our HR management system. The correct 2020 number is 0.26%. 

We expanded self ID options in some of our key markets, 
including people with disabilities in India, and are presently 
working in the UK to expand our options for race and gender. 
We are also examining dimensions of DEI in markets like India 
and Pakistan where we continue to focus on gender inclusion. 

We are committed to greater transparency of our  
workforce’s demographic makeup and comply with all 
disclosure regulations, such as publishing our UK Gender 
Pay Gap Report and France Gender Equality Index Report.   
Our most recent consolidated U.S. Equal Employment 
Opportunity data can be found here.

Gender Pay Gap

We are committed to delivering competitive, equitable, 
fair and transparent compensation and reward programs 
that motivate our people, drive performance and create 
shareholder value. We conduct annual pay reviews to ensure 
fair pay for our people. The pay equity picture is constantly 
changing with acquisitions, new hires, promotions, merit  
increases, transfers and separations, and we continually 
review and enhance our compensation programs and  
practices to ensure fair pay for our people. 

Analyzing and addressing the gender pay gap drives 
us to reach new heights on this journey. It achieves 
better outcomes for our people, our customers and 
our business. 2021 is the second year of sharing our 
workforce gender data and gender pay gap information.

 – Our mean gender pay gap is 5.8%, up from  

3.0% in 2020

 – Our mean gender bonus pay gap is 29%, up 

from 23% in 2020

We continue to focus on identifying and addressing 
our gap, and investing significant resources into 
recruitment activities, talent planning, professional 
growth and compensation to reduce it. 

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

30

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

U.S. Ethnicity – Year-Over-Year

1.9

1.9

0.4

0.4

0.1

0.1

2020 
2020 

2021 
2021 

0
0

47.6
47.6

19.8

19.8

4.4

4.4

4.1

4.1

21.7

21.7

48.6
48.6

25
25

21.6

21.6

5.0

5.0

4.5 2.3

4.5 2.3

17.6

17.6

50

50

75

75

0.3 0.1

0.3 0.1

100
(%)

100
(%)

White
White

Asian
Asian

Hispanic/Latinx

Hispanic/Latinx

Native American or Alaskan Native
Native American or Alaskan Native

Other

Other

Black

Black

Unspecified

Unspecified

Two or more races

Two or more races

U.S. Ethnicity by Female % – Year-Over-Year

Global Age Groups

Female (%)

Male (%)

9.4% > 50 years old

White

Asian

Hispanic/Latinx

Black

Two or more races

Native American or
Alaskan Native
Other

38.0
39.2
40.6
41.3

46.6
46.7

55.7

51.7

41.7
40.7
38.1

42.9

50.0

60.0

Unspecified

0

33.0
31.7

25

50

75

100

2020
2021

62.0
60.8
59.4
58.7
53.4
53.3
44.3
48.3
58.3
59.3
61.9
57.1
50.0
40.0
67.0
68.3

29.2%

< 30 years old

61.3%

30-50 years old

Female (%)

Male (%)

Global

Senior management

Junior management

Management

Revenue-generating

functions

STEM

0

37.6

38.9

39.8

45.0

34.0

34.3

33.6

33.9

37.9

38.8

31.5

32.7

25

2020

2021

62.4

61.1

60.2

55.0

66.0

65.7

66.4

66.1

62.1

61.2

68.5

67.3

50

75

100

9.4% > 50 years old

Female (%)

Male (%)

2.6% LatAm

Global Gender Representation – Year-Over-Year

Global Employees by Location

29.2%

< 30 years old

61.3%

30-50 years old

2020
2021

10.4%  EMEA

Global

Senior management

Junior management

Management

Revenue-generating
functions

STEM

0

37.6
38.9

39.8

45.0

34.0
34.3

33.6
33.9

37.9
38.8

31.5
32.7

25

62.4
61.1

60.2
55.0

66.0
65.7

66.4
66.1

62.1
61.2

68.5
67.3

50

75

100

28.2%

North America

58.8%

APAC

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

31

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

U.S. Analytical Roles

8.1% (34)

4.0% (17) 

46.7%
(196)

21.2%
(89)

18.3%
(77)

1.7% (7) 

5.9% (41)

4.4% (31)

48.9%
(342)

14.7%
(103)

2.4% (17) 

23.7%
(166)

4.3% (48)

48.0%
(538)

17.1%
(192)

6.7%
(75)

0

200

400

600

800

Female
(420)

Male
(700)

All
(1,121)

2.1% (24) 

21.8%
(244)

1000

1200

U.S. Commercial Roles

9.7% (24)

64.5%
(160)

56.0%
(244)

4.8% (12)

2.4% (6)
4.0% (10)

14.5%
(36)

5.7% (25)
5.7% (25)
2.5% (11)
4.1% (18)

25.9%
(113)

58.8%
(404)

7.1%
(49)

5.4%
(37)

2.5% (17)
4.1% (28)

22.1%
(152)

Female
(248)

Male
(436)

All
(687)

0

100

200

300

400

500

600

700

800

U.S. In-Demand Technology Roles

29.5% (13)

4.5% (2)

Female
(44)

Male
(135)

All
(180)

0

45.5%
(20)

38.5%
(52)

36.1%
(65)

50

2.3% (1)
2.3% (1)
15.9% (7)

34.1%
(46)

7.4% (10)

2.2% (3)

15.6%
(21)

2.8% (5)

2.2% (3)

36.7%
(66)

100

6.1% (11)

2.2% (4)

16.1%
(29)

150

200

White

Asian

Hispanic

Black

Other

Not Specified

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

32

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Diversity Research Lab

Looking Ahead

Moving forward, we will continue to enhance our DEI efforts 
across the globe. As part of the merger with IHS Markit, 
we will be reviewing training, programs and campaigns 
to ensure alignment. We plan on enhancing our ERG 
networks globally and creating inclusion-related campaigns 
throughout the company.

Led by our procurement team, we will establish new, long-
term supplier diversity targets to grow our U.S. spend 
with firms owned by underrepresented groups, including 
minorities, women, LGBTQ+ individuals, veterans, people 
with disabilities and those defined as a small business.

Through S&P Global Sustainable1, we bring together a full 
product suite of benchmarking, analytics, evaluations and 
indices to provide customers with a 360-degree view to help 
achieve their ESG goals. The “S” in the ESG conversation has 
evolved rapidly as investors, corporations and the public 
give more priority to social issues like diversity, income 
inequality, systemic racism, treatment of employees, 
and companies’ broader role in society. Stakeholders are 
increasingly holding companies to a higher social standard.

Through our Diversity Research Lab, we produce 
essential intelligence that demonstrates the power 
of social equity and the benefits of more inclusive 
economies. In 2021, we continued these efforts: 

 – Produced 40+ customer-facing podcasts focused on 
providing expert insight into a variety of social topics.

 – Published our first collaborative Sustainable1/DEI team 
client-facing newsletter, providing our customers with 
social equity insights.

 – Produced a May 2021 study on women CEOs during 
COVID-19 in collaboration with researchers from the 
University of Paris.

By pairing data and analysis from S&P Global with insights 
from external thought leaders, the Diversity Research 
Lab aims to unearth and explore underrepresented 
questions in diversity research. Recent reports supported 
by the Diversity Research Lab include “Accelerating Black 
Inclusion,” an analysis of racial diversity in the United 
Kingdom’s financial services industry published by New 
Financial, and #ChangePays, S&P Global’s ongoing series of 
reports on women’s economic participation and impact.

For more information on our efforts and to view detailed 
content, visit the Social Equity section of our website.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

33

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Talent Attraction and Development

In today’s highly competitive talent market, attracting and retaining the right people is integral  
to our goals of increased revenue, global growth and market leadership position. Having the  
right people in place, and empowering them with the right culture, resources, tools and skills 
they need for growth and success, helps increase productivity and loyalty, and enables us 
to produce the insights and analytics that are foundational to our business.

Our Performance

2021 brought challenges as a result of merger preparation 
activities, geopolitical uncertainties, social inequities, 
the pandemic and continued remote work for most of 
our offices. We continued to expand on-demand, virtual 
development, learning and coaching opportunities 
and resources for our people, and launched a new 
career site and resources to help attract new talent. 
Key accomplishments included the following:

 – Continued our S&P50 Illuminate Interactive 

Speaker Series, providing a forum to evolve the 
emotional growth of our most promising leaders.

 – Continued our partnership with Power to Fly, an 

organization that connects diverse talent to career 
opportunities, and provides a strong platform 
for diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.

 – Refined our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) 

strategy to provide more coaching opportunities 
through our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs).

Global Career Coaching 

In 2020, we introduced global career coaching, open to all of 
our people. Through this industry-leading approach, certified 
coaches offer confidential, individual and customized open-
ended support to help our people identify and fulfill their 
career aspirations. Our People Advisor role grew out of this 
program, providing a neutral and confidential way for our 
people to navigate workplace concerns, including career-
related matters. Our interactive Career Coaching dashboard 
enables real-time insights for management reporting 
and offers more relevant and targeted career training.

The development of our colleagues is of paramount 
importance to the organization. In 2021 we reviewed our  
practices and accounting standards, reflected in an  
increase in the budget allocated to develop our people. 

Learning and development spend ($M)

 2020

9.4

2021

15.3

Number of completed training courses

643,594

1,294,308

Number of learning hours

400,747

697,471

Employees receiving tuition  
reimbursement

Tuition refunds for employees ($M)

Average hours training and 
development per full-time employee 

483

730

3.5

21

4

35

Average amount spent on training and 
development per full-time employee ($)

489

671

Turnover Rate

The pandemic has impacted how employees across 
industries and geographies evaluate their life priorities. 
S&P Global is no exception to this phenomenon. Our 
company’s turnover rate increased significantly over 
2020, yet remains in line with the industry average. We 
are actively working with our people, our ERGs, and 
teams to better understand the needs of our colleagues 
and ensure that we retain our top talent. We have also 
noted a marked increase in external applicants for open 
positions within our company, nor are we experiencing 
any shortage of individuals with critical skills.

Total employee turnover rate (%)

Voluntary employee turnover rate (%)

2020

2021

7.3

5.8

17.2

12.8

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

34

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Global Career Coaching Metrics

791

Employees  
participating in  
Career Coaching

Female (%)

54

1,433

Coaching  
sessions

967

Total coaching  
hours

Male (%)

46

3% Hispanic/Latinx

3% Unspecified

11%

Black

17%

Asian

49%

White

Preparing Leaders, Supporting Managers

Early Careers

Emerging leaders of all backgrounds are the 
future of our organization. In 2021, we continued 
to develop this important pipeline.

In 2021 we reimagined Create, our signature leader 
development program, to ensure scalability, sustainability 
and personalization. The program was enhanced 
and updated to support a dual purpose, to develop 
consistent foundational capabilities for people leaders, 
and to provide support for challenges in uncertain 
times. Our 2021 achievements include the following:

 – Conducted 58 sessions, attended by 649 people leaders.

 – Held 96 Coaching Circles, attended by 374 participants. 
Small group sessions were led by certified coaches 
and focused on topics such as Thriving in a Virtual 
World, Building Change, and Resiliency and Strengths-
Based Development.

 – Redesigned our People Leader Support Network, which 
provides confidential 1:1 support for people leaders on  
any topic of their choosing.

Through discovery, coaching, experiences and movement, 
the S&P50 Initiative supports the growth and development  
of our senior leaders, expanding their perspectives and 
forging meaningful connections across the company.  
In 2021, we increased our programming:

 – Offered 1-1 presentation skills coaching for participants 

who present to the Board of Directors.

 – Provided targeted executive coaching.

 – Created developmental 360° assessment and action 

planning for select leaders.

One strong channel for new talent comes from our Early 
Careers programs, enabling us to tap the next generation 
of diverse leaders by offering career and internship 
opportunities to students and recent graduates.

To improve our pipeline of diverse talent, we partner with 
a variety of organizations and attend recruiting events. 
In 2021, we participated in the 2021 National Black MBA 
Association (NBMBAA) Conference and Career Expo. Our 
partnership with NBMBAA is a key component of our DEI 
efforts and over the past few years, we have recruited 
8-10 colleagues per year through the conference. 

Globally, we are also expanding our partnerships in diverse 
talent recruitment. Examples include #10000blackinterns, 
The Amos Bursary and SEO London in the UK; Year Up, 
Project Basta and PowerToFly in the U.S.; and NIIT in India. 

“

S&P Global Platts provided the support 
and resources I needed to kick-start 
my professional career, the training 
program was great and provided the 
opportunity to immediately build 
my network within the company.

Abdulrhman Ehtaiba 
Commodity Associate,  
S&P Global Platts

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

35

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

VIBE Listening Platform

VIBE Survey Engagement Index

In the 2021 VIBE Survey, the top priority was navigating 
change. We found that living through the second year of the 
pandemic was impacting our people significantly, at work 
and at home. While many companies around the world were 
also wrestling with another year of disruption, the impending 
merger with IHS Markit brought increased workloads and 
uncertainty for our people.

We see our VIBE Survey tool as a way to direct the trajectory 
of our organization and guide decisions. And based on 
this knowledge, we increased our support, including 
implementing additional wellness days and increased pay 
transparency, and adjusted our CEO town hall meetings from 
quarterly to monthly.

Looking Ahead

In anticipation of the merger, we partnered with IHS Markit  
to independently collect information so we will be ready  
to compare programs and establish baselines on day 
one. In 2022, we will move forward on expanding our pilot 
program, Thrive, throughout the enterprise. Thrive is a career 
framework that incentivizes learning and development. 
Additionally, we will build out and scale our learning 
framework for our people teams.

The VIBE platform is an employee engagement tool that 
allows us to gather direct feedback and track progress in 
critical areas, such as workplace pride and satisfaction 
and inclusive culture, and gather actionable insights for 
improvements to our people strategy. VIBE allows us to have 
candid conversations and make adjustments to meet the 
needs of our people. In 2021, we performed a mid-year check 
to ensure our top priorities and engage people again with our 
annual VIBE survey. 

VIBE Survey Index  Engagement

2018

2019

77%

80%

2020

2021

88%

87%

I would recommend S&P Global as a great place to work

I am proud to work for S&P Global

My work gives me a feeling of personal accomplishment

89%

91%

85%

I would like to be working with S&P Global one year from now

83%

Average 2021 VIBE Survey Engagement Index

87%

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

36

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Community Impact

At S&P Global, we work to accelerate progress in the world by harnessing our  
essential intelligence to power thriving global communities. We give back to our  
communities and create value for society by focusing our philanthropic efforts  
in areas where we can have the most impact: Creating an Inclusive Economy,  
Bridging the Global Skills Gap and Promoting a Sustainable Environment. 

Our Corporate Responsibility and Diversity Mission

Our essential intelligence powers inclusive sustainable economies and thriving global communities.

Bridging the Global Skills Gap

Creating an Inclusive Economy

Equip the global workforce with 
essential STEM and digital skills

Expand economic opportunities 
for the underserved and support 
advancement for women

Promoting a Sustainable 
Environment

Elevate climate action and 
environmental stewardship

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

37

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

S&P Global Foundation 

As our main charitable arm, the S&P Global Foundation makes a difference by finding 
and developing essential connections to engage our colleagues and positively impact  
the communities in which we operate.

Foundation Focus

2021 S&P Global Foundation Giving

The Foundation has three main focus areas, which align 
with the S&P Global philanthropic mission. Additionally, 
Foundation grantmaking supports disaster relief efforts 
with an emphasis on resiliency. The majority of grants target 
underrepresented and underserved communities. Last year, 
we broadened grantmaking in pandemic, racial justice and 
climate change categories.

2021 Key Accomplishments

 – Increased grant budget by 36% over 2020.

 – Underwent a strategic review with an outside 

consulting firm to refine Foundation focus areas 
and strengthen our governance systems.

 – Conducted an internal audit that resulted in  
the creation of a new Operations Manual and 
strengthened our processes and operations.

Looking Ahead 

For the S&P Global Foundation, our merger with IHS Markit 
brings new opportunities and aspirations. Our goal is to 
ensure consistency and engagement throughout the new 
organization as we determine funding mechanisms and 
ambitions as a combined company. 

In early 2022, upon the completion of the merger with IHS 
Markit, S&P Global's management and Board of Directors 
approved the creation of a $200 million endowment for the 
S&P Global Foundation. In late 2021, we developed a detailed 
Operations Manual and moved our grant application and 
grant review process online. Moving forward, we will continue 
these efforts toward streamlining our processes, in addition 
to deepening our measurement efforts.

Disaster Relief
$370K

Enterprise
$680K

Environment 
$260K 

COVID-19 
$5.2M

Skills Gap
$1.1M

Inclusive 
Economy
$1.65M 

Equity & Inclusion
$1.8M

Employee 
Programs
$3.6M

S&P Global Foundation Board Demographics

1

Black

2

Asian

3

White

2

Male

4

Female

New S&P Global Foundation Grantees:

 – Asian American Legal Defense and Education 
Fund: Funding supported the #StopAsianHate 
Project, helping to educate the public about 
past and present discrimination against 
Asian Americans, provide legal assistance to 
victims of anti-Asian violence, and strengthen 
coalitions to oppose anti-Asian racism.

 – UNICEF USA’s Campaign to End the Pandemic 

- COVAX: Funding supported the COVAX 
Access to COVID-19 Tools Accelerator, 
a global collaboration to accelerate the 
development, production and equitable access 
to COVID-19 tests, treatments and vaccines.

“

The foundation’s reach continues to 
grow in local communities around the 
world – we look forward to deepening 
our impact to accelerate progress 
towards a more sustainable tomorrow.

Ching Ong 
Vice President, Asia Pacific,  
S&P Global Commodity Insights, 
Board Director of  
S&P Global Foundation 

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

38

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

People Engagement and Volunteerism

S&P Global’s impact in the community is powered by our people. Through our employee  
engagement programs, colleagues champion, engage and advance our corporate 
responsibility and sustainability strategies throughout our local communities. 

Our Performance 

In 2021, the pandemic continued to force suspension  
of hands-on programs in our priority areas, such as  
environmental cleanups. However, S&P Global colleagues  
continued to find opportunities to volunteer virtually, 
focusing on skills-based volunteer projects. For example,  
S&P Global volunteers served as mentors and judges for  
the online Global STEM Alliance Innovation Challenge, 
using IT solutions to address a major global issue. 

Through the S&P Global Essential Impact program, we 
offer our people five paid Give Back Days to volunteer, and 
through the Common Impact Pro-Bono Quick Connect 
program, we match our volunteers’ professional experience 
and skills with the pressing needs of nonprofits.

We also continued our Nonprofit Board Service Program 
offered through Cause Strategy Partners, which provides 
placement, training and support to colleagues serving 
on nonprofit boards. In 2021, there were 33 elections to 
nonprofit boards and three pending board placements. 

Our 2021 volunteer participation declined from 2019 and 
2020, which we attribute to long-term impact of the global 
pandemic on in-person volunteer activities. We were 
pleased to see that more employees participated in our 
Matching Gift program in 2021. In 2021 we provided $3 
million in matching gifts, up from $1.96 million in 2020. 

Employee Resource Group (ERG) Grant Funding Initiative

The ERG Grant Funding Initiative empowers ERG members 
to help identify and review grant applications from 
organizations that align with our key focus areas. Selected 
organizations receive foundation funding and volunteers 
from the partner ERG.

For instance, VALOR, our ERG supporting the needs of 
veterans and their allies, selected NPower as its beneficiary 
organization in 2020 and 2021. NPower’s mission is to create 
pathways to economic prosperity by helping unemployed 
or underemployed military veterans and young adults 
from underserved families build in-demand skills.

“

Volunteering with my colleagues  
is a fun team bonding experience -  
it’s a joy to serve as a volunteer  
leader with such a strong people-  
and community-centered culture.

Shaula Abbygail Manawat 
Assistant Manager, Client Support,  
Market Intelligence

2021 Community Investment Totals

In-Kind 
$770K

Corporate 
Contributions
$2M 

Foundation Giving
$14.6M

4,300

12,200

$1.4M

Volunteers

Volunteer hours

In economic value

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

39

 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Appendix

GRI Standards Index

GRI Standard

Location in Report (and/or reason for omission)

Organization Profile

102-1 Organization name

Responsible Business, p. 6

102-2 Activities, brands, products and services

Responsible Business, p. 6 
2021 Form 10-K, pp. 6-7

102-3 Location of headquarters

Responsible Business, p. 6

102-4 Location of operations

Responsible Business, p. 6

102-5 Ownership and legal form

2021 Form 10-K, pp. 1–2

102-6 Markets served

2021 Form 10-K, pp. 6–8

102-7 Scale of the organization

Responsible Business, p. 6 
2021 Annual Report, pp. 1–11

102-8 Information on employees and other workers

Responsible Business, p. 6 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

102-9 Supply chain

S&P Global’s supply chain is composed of professional and technical service providers, IT software 
sourcing, and network, communications and hardware providers or licensors. Our suppliers include: 
marketing, human resources, financial and other consultants and brokers; maintenance, repair and 
operations, facilities management and landlords; information technology and business process 
outsourcing providers. Suppliers specific to our industry include market data and research providers. 
Our supply chain also includes travel providers such as travel agencies, airlines and hotel chains. For 
more information, see Risk and Crisis Management, p. 12 and our Vendor Code of Conduct.

102-10 Significant changes to the organization and 
its supply chain

About This Report, p.3 
From our CEO, p.5 
2021 Annual Report, p. 1–11 
2021 Form 10-K, pp. 6–7

102-11 Precautionary Principle or Approach

Responsible Products and Marketing, p. 10 
Risk and Crisis Management, p. 11 
Human Rights, p. 13

102-12 External initiatives

Community Impact, pp. 38–39 
S&P Global Reports and Policies

102-13 Membership of associations

Policy Influence and Transparent Engagement, pp. 8–9

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

40

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

GRI Standard

Strategy

Location in Report (and/or reason for omission)

102-14 Statement from senior decision-maker of 
the organization

From our CEO, p. 5

102-15 Key impacts, risks and opportunities 

Ethics and Integrity

Risk and Crisis Management, p. 11 
Materiality, p. 15 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 23–30 
2021 Form 10-K, pp. 11–24 
Audit Committee Charter 
2022 TCFD Report

102-16 Values, principles, standards and norms 
of behaviors

S&P Global has a worldwide reputation for integrity, honesty and good faith in its  
dealings. We set the highest standards of ethical behavior for our Directors and our  
employees. See From our CEO, p. 5; Corporate Governance, p. 7; Business Ethics and  
Integrity, p. 18 and S&P Global Code of Business Ethics. 

102-17 Mechanisms for advice and  
concerns about ethics

Code of Business Ethics, p. 7

Governance

102-18 Governance structure

102-19 Delegating authority

Corporate Governance, p. 7 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 8–12, 52–55 
S&P Global Corporate Governance

Corporate Governance, p. 7 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 30–32 
S&P Global Corporate Governance

102-20 Executive-level responsibility for economic, 
environmental and social topics

Corporate Governance, p. 7 
Risk and Crisis Management, p. 11 
2022 TCFD Report

102-21 Consulting stakeholders on economic, 
environmental social topics

Materiality, p. 15 
Community Impact, pp. 37–39 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 23–30 
S&P Global Foundation

102-22 Composition of the highest governance body 
and its committees

Corporate Governance, p. 7 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 30–55 
S&P Global Corporate Governance

102-23 Chair of the highest governance body

S&P Global Corporate Governance

102-24 Nominating and selecting the highest 
governance body

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 31–34

102-25 Conflicts of interest

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 11 
2021 Form 10–K, pp. 111–112

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

41

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

GRI Standard

Location in Report (and/or reason for omission)

102-26 Role of highest governance body in setting 
purpose, values and strategy

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 11 
Corporate Governance, p. 7

102-27 Collective knowledge of highest 
governance body

2022 Proxy Statement, p. 18–21 
Corporate Governance, p. 7

102-28 Evaluating the highest governance body’s 
performance

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 9–10, 13

102-29 Identifying and managing economic, 
environmental and social impacts

Materiality, p. 15 
Stakeholder Engagement, p. 16 
Our ESG Performance, p. 17 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 23–30

102-30 Effectiveness of risk 
 management processes

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 18–21 
Risk and Crisis Management, p. 11

102-31 Review of economic,  
environmental and social topics

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 18–21 
Corporate Governance, p. 7

102-32 Highest governance body’s role in 
sustainability reporting

S&P Global’s Board of Directors, CEO and Operating Committee review our annual Impact Report.

102-33 Communicating critical concerns

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 18–21

102-35 Remuneration policies

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 59–98

102-36 Process for determining remuneration

Board of Directors’ Compensation and Leadership Development Committee Charter

102-37 Stakeholders’ involvement in remuneration

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 63–64

102-38 Annual total compensation ratio

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 108–110

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

42

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

GRI Standard

Location in Report (and/or reason for omission)

Stakeholder Engagement

102-40 List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 16

102-41 Collective bargaining agreements

Code of Business Ethics, p. 11 
Global Human Rights Policy, p. 3 
Employees represented by an independent trade union or covered by collective bargaining agreements: 
2.2%, representing total permanent employees in the Paris Office, Frankfurt Office, and NY Guild. 

102-42 Identifying and 
 selecting stakeholders

102-43 Approach to stakeholder engagement

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 16

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 16 
Community Impact, p. 37–39 
2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 14–17

102-44 Key topics and concerns raised

Stakeholder Engagement, p. 16

102-45 Entities included in the consolidated 
financial statements

2020 Form 10-K, pp. 6–7

102-46 Defining report content and  
topic boundaries

About This Report, p. 3 
Materiality, p. 16

102-47 List of material topics

Materiality Roadmap, pp. 11-13

102-48 Restatements of information

Minor restatements have been made to office paper purchased in 2020, and percentage of employees 
who self-identify as having a disability due to flaws in methodology or the management system tracking 
these datapoints. See pages 28 and 30.

102-49 Changes in reporting

About This Report, p. 3 
Scope and Assurance, p. 4

102-50 Reporting period

Scope and Assurance, p. 4

102-51 Date of most recent report

May 2021

102-52 Reporting cycle

Annual, calendar year

102-53 Reporting contact

cr@spglobal.com

102-54 Claims of reporting in accordance with 
GRI Standards

Scope and Assurance, p. 4

102-55 GRI content index

Appendix, pp. 40-48

102-56 Policy regarding external assurance

Scope and Assurance, p. 4

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

43

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Material Topics 

This report has been prepared in accordance with GRI Standards: Core option.

Business Ethics & Integrity

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

e
c
n
a
m
r
o
f
r
e
P
c
i
m
o
n
o
c
E

n
o
i
t
p
u
r
r
o
C
-
i
t
n
A

r
o
i
v
a
h
e
B
e
v
i
t
i
t
e
p
m
o
C
-
i
t
n
A

x
a
T

103-1 Explanation of the material  
topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
Business Ethics and Integrity, p. 18

103-2 The management approach  
and its components

Business Ethics and Integrity, p. 18

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

Business Ethics and Integrity, p. 18

201-1 Direct economic value  
generated and distributed

Responsible Business, p. 6 
2021 Form 10-K, p. 34

201-2 Financial implications and  
other risks and opportunities due  
to climate change

Energy and Climate Change, p. 26 
2022 TCFD Report

205-1 Operations assessed for risks related to 
corruption

Code of Business Ethics, p. 23–24

205-2 Communication and training about anti-
corruption policies and procedures

Business Ethics and Integrity, p. 18

205-3 Confirmed incidents of corruption

0

206-1 Legal actions for anti- 
competitive behavior, anti-trust 
and monopoly practices

Material legal proceedings are disclosed in our 2021 Form 10-K, p. 107-108

207-4 Tax Strategy

Business Ethics and Integrity, p. 18

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

44

 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Data Privacy & Cybersecurity

103-1 Explanation of the  
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity, pp. 19–20

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity, pp. 19–20

418-1 Substantiated complaints concerning 
breaches of customer privacy and losses of 
customer data

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity, pp. 19–20

Cybersecurity incidents

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity, pp. 19-20

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

y
c
a
v
i
r
P
r
e
m
o
t
s
u
C

y
t
i
r
u
c
e
s
r
e
b
y
C

ESG Products & Data

103-1 Explanation of the 
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
ESG Products and Data, p. 21–23

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

ESG Products and Data, pp. 21–23

ESG Products and Data, pp. 21–23

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

Projected ESG products revenue

ESG Products and Data, pp. 21–23

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

45

 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Innovation & Technology

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

103-1 Explanation of the  
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
Innovation and Technology, pp. 24–25

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

Innovation and Technology, pp. 24–25

Innovation and Technology, pp. 24–25

Energy & Climate Change

103-1 Explanation of the  
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

302-1 Energy consumption  
within the organization

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

302-4 Reduction of energy consumption

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

305-1 Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

305-2 Indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

305-3 Other indirect (Scope 3)  
GHG emissions

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

305-4 GHG emissions intensity

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

305-5 Reduction of GHG emissions

Energy and Climate Change, pp.26–27

308-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
environmental criteria

All of our direct vendors must adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct, which sets out our 
principles and the expectations we have of our vendors in conducting their business responsibly, 
with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. In particular, the Code 
sets out our expectations with respect to vendor environmental responsibility. We included new 
language on net-zero as part of the latest update of the document.

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

y
g
r
e
n
E

s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
E

l

a
t
n
e
m
n
o
r
i
v
n
E
r
e
i
l

p
p
u
S

t
n
e
m
s
s
e
s
s
A

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

46

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Biodiversity & Natural Capital

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

d
n
a
r
e
t
a
W

s
t
n
e
u
fl
f
E

y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
d
o
B

i

e
t
s
a
W

103-1 Explanation of the  
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

303-5 Water consumption

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

304-2 Significant impacts of activities, 
products and services on biodiversity

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

306-3 Waste generated

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

306-4 Waste diverted from disposal

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

306-5 Waste directed to disposal

Biodiversity and Natural Capital p. 28

Diversity, Equity & Inclusion

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

e
c
n
e
s
e
r
P
t
e
k
r
a
M

l

a
u
q
E
d
n
a
y
t
i
s
r
e
v
i
D

y
t
i
n
u
t
r
o
p
p
O

103-1 Explanation of the  
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

202-1 Ratios of standard entry level wage by 
gender compared to local minimum wage

We reward our people commensurate with external market/comparators,  
which is above the minimum wage and regulatory minimums.

405-1 Diversity of governance  
bodies and employees

Corporate Governance, p. 7 
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

405-2 Ratio of basic salary and remuneration 
of women to men

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

47

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Talent Attraction & Development

h
c
a
o
r
p
p
A
t
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
M

t
n
e
m
y
o
l
p
m
E

n
o
i
t
a
c
u
d
E
d
n
a
g
n
n
a
r
T

i

i

103-1 Explanation of the  
material topic and its boundaries

Materiality, p. 15 
Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

103-2 The management  
approach and its components

103-3 Evaluation of the  
management approach

401-1 New employee hires  
and employee turnover

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

401-2 Benefits provided to full-time employees 
that are not provided to temporary or part-
time employees

Our Culture 
Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

401-3 Parental leave

Our Culture

404-1 Average hours of  
training per year per employee

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

404-2 Programs for upgrading employee skills 
and transition assistance programs

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

404-3 Percentage of employees 
 receiving regular performance  
and career development reviews

In 2021, 100% of our eligible employees received a performance review.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

48

 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Responsible Business Imperatives

Policy Influence and Transparent Engagement

y
c
i
l
o
P
c
i
l

b
u
P

415-1 Political contributions

Policy Influence and Transparent Engagement, p. 8

Human Rights

t
n
e
m
s
s
e
s
s
A
s
t
h
g
R
n
a
m
u
H

i

l

a
i
c
o
S
r
e
i
l

p
p
u
S

t
n
e
m
s
s
e
s
s
A

412-1 Operations that have been subject to 
human rights reviews or impact assessments

Global Human Rights Policy 
Vendor Code of Conduct

412-2 Employee training on human rights 
policies or procedures

Human rights are included in our annual Code of Business Ethics training.

414-1 New suppliers that were screened using 
social criteria

All of our direct vendors must adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct, which sets out our 
principles and the expectations we have of our vendors in conducting their business responsibly, 
with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations. In particular, the Code 
sets out our expectations with respect to labor standards both in that document as well as our 
updated Global Human Rights Policy, which are consistent with the UN Universal Declaration on 
Human Rights and the International Labor Organization’s Core Conventions on Labor Standards.

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing

403-5 Worker training on occupational health 
and safety

In 2021 we continued to promote health, safety and wellbeing by providing updated guidance, 
expanded benefits, training and support services to help our people navigate remote work and 
the ongoing pandemic.

403-6 Promotion of worker health

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing, p. 14

403-8 Workers covered by an occupational 
health and safety management system

Our global HSE management system is based on the international standard ISO 45001. At 
present we have one location certified to the standard, which is in London. We seek to certify our 
world headquarters in New York but was placed on hold due to the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.

y
t
e
f
a
S
d
n
a
h
t
l
a
e
H

l

a
n
o
i
t
a
p
u
c
c
O

403-9 Work related injuries

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing, p. 14

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

49

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

SASB Standards Index

Professional and Commercial Services 

Metric

Response

SASB Code

Professional Integrity

Description of approach to 
ensuring professional integrity

Data Security

Description of approach to identifying  
and addressing data security risks

Description of policies and practices  
relating to collection, usage and  
retention of customer information

S&P Global enjoys a worldwide reputation for integrity, honesty and good faith 
in all its dealings. Our Code of Business Ethics sets the highest standards for 
ethical behavior, and we require all employees to certify that they have read 
and will abide by its provisions. Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for 
Directors guides Board members on areas of ethical risk. See GRI Standards 
content 102-16 and 102-17 above. 
Code of Business Ethics 
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors 
Vendor Code of Conduct

SV-PS-510a.1

Data Privacy & Cybersecurity, pp. 19–20

SV-PS-230a.1

Data Privacy & Cybersecurity, pp. 19–20  
Global Corporate Privacy Policy

SV-PS-230a.2

Breaches of customer privacy

Data Privacy and Cybersecurity, pp. 19-20

SV-PS-230a.3

Workforce Diversity & Engagement

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic  
group representation for (1) executive  
management and (2) all other employees

(1) Voluntary and (2) involuntary  
turnover rate for employees

Corporate Governance, p.6  
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

SV-PS-330a.1

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

SV-PS-330a.2

Employee engagement as a percentage

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

SV-PS-330a.3

Activity Metrics

Number of employees by: (1) full-time and part-
time, (2) temporary, and (3) contract

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

SV-PS-000.A

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

50

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

World Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics 

In September 2020, the World Economic Forum (WEF) and its International Business Council 
released the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics. This report was prepared in accordance with 
the “Core” metrics and disclosures.

Pillar 1 – Principles of Governance 

WEF Theme

Principles of Governance

Response

Governing purpose

Setting purpose

Who We Are

Quality of governing body

Governance body composition

Corporate Governance, p.7 
2021 Proxy Statement, p. 31–55  
S&P Global Corporate Governance

Stakeholder engagement

Material issues impacting stakeholders

Materiality, p. 15

Anti-corruption

Business Ethics & Integrity, p. 18

Ethical behavior

Protected ethics advice  
and reporting mechanisms

Code of Business Ethics, p. 7

Risk and opportunity oversight

Integrating risk and opportunity  
into business process

2022 Proxy Statement, pp. 18–21

Pillar 2 – Planet

WEF Theme

Principles of Governance

Response

Climate change

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions

Energy and Climate Change, pp. 26–27

TCFD implementation

2022 TCFD Report

Nature loss

Land use and ecological sensitivity

Freshwater availability

Water consumption and withdrawal  
in water-stressed areas

S&P Global poses minor impact on land and 
ecological sensitivity. For more information please 
see Biodiversity and Natural Capital, p. 28.

S&P Global poses minor impact on water bodies 
and related habitats. Our water consumption 
is reported under Biodiversityand Natural 
Capital, p. 28.

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

51

Table of Contents

Responsible Business

Our Sustainability Performance

Community Impact

Appendix

Pillar 3 – People

WEF Theme

Principles of Governance

Response

Dignity and equality

Diversity and inclusion (%)

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

Pay equality (%)

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, pp. 29–33

Wage level (%)

Risk for incidents of child,  
forced or compulsory labor

We reward our people in line with external  
market/comparators, which is above the minimum 
wage and regulatory minimums.

Our corporate-wide Human Rights Policy 
demonstrates that respecting human rights is 
a core value and embedded in the way we do 
business, including our direct activities across our 
value chain. Our Vendor Code of Conduct further 
reinforces human rights, anti-slavery and child 
labor sentiments.

Health and wellbeing

Health and safety (%)

Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing, p. 14

Skills for the future

Training provided (#, $)

Talent Attraction and Development, pp. 34–36

Pillar 4 – Prosperity

WEF Theme

Principles of Governance

Response

Absolute number and rate of employment

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, p.29–33

Employment and wealth generation

Economic contribution

2021 Form 10-K, p. 34

Financial investment contribution

2021 Form 10-K 
2022 Proxy Statement

Innovation of better products and services

Total R&D expenses ($)

Creating the right conditions to drive innovation 
remains a critical area. In 2021 we injected 
additional resources across technology and data 
projects. See 2021 Annual Report, p. 7–8.

Community and social vitality

Total tax paid

2021 Form 10-K, p. 84–86

S&P Global Impact Report 2021

52

Art + Resilience 

Machine Hallucination: Nature Studies represents a novel frontier for public art – one 
that sits at the crossroads of art, science and technology, and uses technological and big 
data advancements to creatively speak to the most pressing challenges of our time. 

The paintings are based on Refik Anadol Studio’s long-term research into vast datasets 
of sea surface as well as quantum computation, creating a thematic dialogue with the 
graphic representation of S&P Global’s data plotting and maps on climate change. 

The fluidity of the visual patterns represents the many interlocking layers of nature, 
humanity and technology in our age of global mobility and machine intelligence.

 
Hello and welcome to S P Global’s 2021 Impact Report.

As we enter year three of the global pandemic, it is clearer than ever that there will never be a return to normal.’ We also realize that we should not strive to return to the past.

Rather, this experience has taught us that our employees are resilient, thoughtful and thrive on innovation.

We find ourselves a more nimble company, confident in our approach to evolving as the world reckons with underlying issues of racial inequality, health disparities, a warming climate and other existential threats.

As we prepared for our merger with IHS Markit, we enhanced our sustainability management governance, audit and assurance process, and management accountability.

These fundamental initiatives are instrumental to allow our continued growth in corporate responsibility and trust in our due diligence, management and reporting processes.

Our commitment to greater transparency took life and we began deeper, more substantive conversations with our stakeholders.

We were pleased to see the market’s response to this investment with increased scoring across all ratings and rankings, which are listed on page 6 of this report.

As one of the world’s foremost providers of ESG data, analytics, benchmarks and tools, part of our responsibility is to ensure other companies and capital market players have the resources needed to advance in their own sustainability journey.

Therefore, several of S P Global’s leaders are at the table lending our expertise and experience to ensure that we have a strong ecosystem of disclosure solutions and smart policy in which to operate.

For instance, S P Global was one of the founders of the Net Zero Financial Providers Alliance.

We are on the founding council of TNFD Taskforce and Forum and our CEO Doug Peterson chaired a recent working group for the Impact Taskforce, established under the UK’s 2021 presidency of the G7, focused on impact transparency, integrity and reporting.

From our Board of Directors to our colleagues across the world, expectations for excellence in sustainability performance continues to grow.

We continue to grow and adjust as we learn more about best practices in impact management and disclosure.

Increased disclosure in workforce demographics, tax strategy, enterprise risk and natural capital.

Grew S P Global Foundation giving by 30%, distributing 15 million to organizations that support COVID 19 relief, racial equity and justice, economic inclusion, and environmental sustainability.

Deepened our climate related disclosures, including in the areas of climate governance, value chain engagement and enterprise opportunity and risk.

Began a robust review of our Global Human Rights impacts and processes, including finalizing a new Global Human Rights Policy.

As I write this, S P Global and IHS Markit have just completed the 15 month process of merging into one combined company.

We are excited about what the future holds and what our new company can offer the world.

Complex issues require complex solutions communicated in a clear and straightforward manner.

We hope our 2021 Impact Report provides the clarity to understand how S P Global impacts the most important issues of our day.

The information and data in this report cover S P Global’s sustainability, corporate responsibility and philanthropic global performance for calendar year 2021.

Unless otherwise noted, all information herein is representative of the company as of December 31, 2021.

The report includes information on our management and performance related to S P Global’s material topics (as defined by both the Global Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) across our full value chain.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the GRI Standards: Core option and the SASB Standard for Professional Commercial Services.

Both content indexes, as well as our reporting against the World Economic Forum Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics, are located in the Appendix.

S P Global strives to provide data and information that is reliable and transparent.

In 2021, we expanded the sustainability data third party assurance.

The data from previous years has not been restated, with two minor exceptions on page 27 (paper purchased) and page 30 (employee self identification).

In 2020, S P Global entered into a definitive merger agreement with IHS Markit, a world leader in critical information, analytics and solutions for the major industries and markets that drive economies worldwide.

S P Global and IHS Markit’s unique and highly complementary assets will leverage cutting edge innovation and technology capability, including Kensho and the IHS Markit Data Lake.

The merger successfully closed on February 28, 2022 therefore, this report does not include any IHS Markit performance data.

We will provide a combined entity view in future reporting.

From our early beginnings in the 1800s, our founders knew the value transparency brings to markets and companies.

By publishing research about the management of railroads, these pioneers helped investors and executives make sound business decisions.

Today, we’re not only delivering financial and commodity data, analytics and benchmarks for customers, we use the same rigor to disclose our own environmental, social, economic and governance performance.

Increasingly, these disclosures are backed with reliable, contextual data.

Our sustainability strategy, based on a refined materiality assessment, keeps us focused on the issues that matter most to our stakeholders, and where we make the biggest difference.

This report illustrates how we are mitigating ESG risks and maximizing opportunities to make a positive impact, not just this year, but well into the future.

We produced another strong year of sustainability performance in 2021.

For example, by increasing environmental transparency and disclosure, all our ESG ratings and rankings improved.

We are proud to have been awarded an A from CDP Climate Change for the first time, a clear signal of our high quality environmental disclosure.

We also reduced our gender representation gap in most employee categories.

Moving forward, we are excited by the opportunities created by closing our historic merger with IHS Markit earlier this year.

With it comes new tools, resources and analytics to support the market transition to a low carbon, equitable economy.

We also plan to update several of our own environmental targets to incorporate our expanded global footprint.

As I step back and reflect, I think about the progress we made as a company and the changing landscape the world is facing today.

The war in Ukraine raises important questions about the role of companies in addressing humanitarian crises, and their role in society.

Our leadership team maintains an open and direct dialogue on these issues with our Board of Directors, and we remain committed to our purpose: To Accelerate Progress in the World.

Even with the challenges the world faces today, I am confident in the future of S P Global because we have the talent, technology and capabilities to achieve our sustainability goals.

Headquartered in New York City, S P Global is the world’s foremost provider of transparent and independent ratings, benchmarks, analytics and data to the global capital and commodity markets.

We provide intelligence that is essential for companies, governments and individuals to make decisions with conviction.

An independent provider of credit ratings, research and analytics, offering investors and other market participants information, ratings and benchmarks.

A global provider of multi asset class data, research and analytical capabilities, which integrate cross asset analytics and desktop services.

The leading independent provider of information and benchmark prices for the commodity and energy markets.

A global index provider maintaining a wide variety of valuation and index benchmarks for investment advisors, wealth managers and institutional investors.

Our Board of Directors leads our corporate governance efforts.

With the exception of our CEO who is the only member of management serving on the Board, Directors are all independent and elected annually, including the Chairman of the Board who is also nominated on an annual basis.

Our Board brings a diversity of backgrounds, perspectives, skills and experience into the boardroom to guide the growth and performance of the company.

For additional information on our Board of Directors, including committees and assignments, please see our 2022 Proxy Statement.

The Board also oversees the management of our 10 member Operating Committee, made up of executive leaders from across the company.

This Committee includes three women and three persons of color.

The Board views oversight and effective management of ESG related risks and opportunities as essential to the company’s ability to execute its strategy and achieve long term sustainable growth.

While our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee oversees sustainability matters, and our Compensation and Leadership Development Committee oversees culture and Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, the full Board receives regular updates on a variety of ESG topics, including our transition to a net zero business, our DEI performance, and our progress to expand our ESG solutions.

We include updates within committee discussions and reports throughout the year.

In 2021, the Board received two updates focused specifically on ESG topics.

For additional information, please see our 2022 Proxy Statement.

Dr. Gregory Washington, President, George Mason University was elected as a new Board member.

Upon close of the merger, four IHS Markit board members were appointed to the S P Global Board of Directors: Jacques Esculier, Gay Huey Evans, Robert P. Kelly and Deborah D. McWhinney.

The Board updated committee charters to include clearer descriptions of the kind of ESG topics the Board covered.

The Board endorsed management's climate reduction strategy.

The Audit Committee directed that management systems and governance be embedded in both the company’s sustainability disclosure practices and the S P Global Foundation operations.

Our Government Affairs and Public Policy team engages with policymakers and regulators on issues that support our global business strategy and further the development of transparent, efficient, accessible and resilient markets.

Priority areas include sustainable finance and ESG, infrastructure investment, data and information policy, privacy, tax, intellectual property protections and trade policy.

On ESG matters, the internal ESG Policy and Regulatory Working Group works with executives and subject matter experts to identify issues, develop positions and ensure that all policy engagement is consistent.

As ESG becomes mainstream within financial markets, we advocate for global harmonization and consistency of new regulations.

To advance this effort, we provide relevant information and file public comments to regulators and policymakers around the world.

We are active participants in policy policy discussions with regulatory bodies considering how to improve ESG disclosure.

For additional information, please visit our IFRS Foundation Consultation Paper on Sustainability Reporting on our website.

These efforts include the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Foundation’s initiative to create an International Sustainability Standards Board, and our support of the creation of a global baseline for ESG reporting.

Services Forum Winter Conference, focusing on building back a more resilient and competitive Europe.

Supported Climate Week NYC to accelerate progress on climate risk and provide the essential intelligence to achieve sustainability at scale.

Participated in COP26 in Glasgow through partnerships with the International Chamber of Commerce, World Business Council for Sustainable Development and the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change.

Political Action Committee (S P Global PAC), we make limited contributions to the campaigns of candidates for U.S. federal office who align with our company’s business priorities and values.

The S P Global PAC collects voluntary contributions from eligible employees and files a monthly public report of its receipts and disbursements with the U.S. Federal Election Commission.

In accordance with our Political Contributions and Payments Policy, the company refrains from making direct contributions of corporate treasury funds to candidates or political committees at the state or local level as well as independent expenditure committees known as Super PACs.

The company has not contributed to local or state ballot measures or referendums.

As an active member of several trade associations, including the Bipartisan Policy Center, the Institute for International Finance and the American Chamber of Commerce to the European Union, we monitor for consistency, transparency and alignment with our core values and policy positions.

We strive to conduct business in a legal, ethical and responsible way, monitoring and managing our supply chain in line with the S P Global materiality assessment and corporate strategy.

We work to comply with laws and regulations in the countries where we operate, and expect our large network of suppliers from around the world to work at the same high level of standards.

Our current priorities include fostering and promoting supplier diversity, environmental sustainability and ethical business conduct across our supply chain.

These efforts can help drive business success for S P Global and our suppliers, while helping protect our brand and reputation.

Our Vendor Code of Conduct sets out the principles and expectations we have of our vendors in conducting their business responsibly, with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations in the countries where they operate.

Updated in 2021 to better align with best practices and reflect S P Global’s rapidly growing commitment to supplier diversity and ESG initiatives, this policy represents the foundation for responsible supply chain management.

Key issues covered by our Vendor Code of Conduct include ethical business conduct, data security and confidentiality, employee health and safety, environmental stewardship, and human rights, including International Labor Standards.

Penalties for non compliance may include temporary sanctions or losing an S P Global account.

In addition, our Global Human Rights Policy and UK Statement on Modern Slavery cover both our suppliers and operations.

Our Vendor Code of Conduct also highlights our expectations for vendor environmental responsibility.

It includes compliance with all applicable environmental laws and regulations, as well as an expectation for our vendors to operate in an environmentally responsible way, taking into account the entire product service lifecycle, and managing and minimizing negative environmental impact by considering factors such as energy use, greenhouse gas emissions, water, biodiversity, waste, hazardous materials and other natural resources.

We work to identify, develop and source products and services from diverse and traditionally underrepresented suppliers.

S P Global is committed to treating all vendors with integrity and in an ethical manner and to supporting and encouraging the aspirations of diverse groups.

The U.S. based S P Global Supplier Diversity Program provides fair and equal procurement opportunities for all capable and competitive suppliers.

We welcome companies managed or led by members of underrepresented groups, including women, veterans and other historically disadvantaged populations, to apply.

Launched internal and external Supplier Diversity Roundtables to support sourcing and vendor management teams from across the company and engaged key diverse vendors to provide insight to help strengthen our supplier diversity initiatives.

Held a workshop for several internal teams, including the Vendor Management Office, on diversity and unconscious bias.

Last year, we launched a partnership with small business data vendor Tealbook to establish baseline data and to attract more diverse supplier interest.

Based on this data, we set a goal to increase spend with Tier 1 U.S. diverse suppliers from 3.5% in 2019 to 7.8% in 2021.

Additionally, we set a target of increasing the percentage of our U.S. sourcing events that include diverse suppliers to 75% by 2021.

Unfortunately we also fell short of our goal in this area, reaching just 32% in 2021.

We attribute the missed targets to ongoing consequences of the pandemic and preparation for the forthcoming merger with IHS Markit.

Notably, we find that in events where they participated, diverse suppliers were awarded 75% of the contracts.

In 2022 we plan to set new, more aggressive long term targets with more specific plans to achieve our goals.

Our corporate purpose and values are embedded into our marketing and sales practices, the products and services we offer, and through every step of the customer experience.

Our customers are at the center of everything we do, and we strive to deliver value, instill confidence and provide a positive experience by ensuring our products exceed expectations based on a quality and risk driven development process.

Additionally, we undertake a thoughtful, robust marketing design and strategy and implementation process that considers our customers’ needs and preferences.

We strive to deliver great value consistently so that our solutions and relations exceed customers’ as well as market stakeholders’ expectations, making customers feel understood, empowered and confident.

We believe that a consistently positive customer experience is our most powerful marketing tool.

Customer trust in our data and services is paramount and we have several processes and policies to ensure that any marketing material is aligned with responsible practices, legal requirements and customer expectations.

Our marketing practices are guided by our corporate responsibility commitments.

We strongly believe that diversity, equity and inclusion are essential to thrive as a business and are embedded as a key component of our marketing practices.

For instance, all advertising and marketing material is assessed for gender bias prior to publication.

Protecting our customers’ privacy is critical to safeguarding their trust and complying with legal requirements.

Any marketing practices, including our websites, applications, products, services, events and others, strictly enforce our Customer Privacy Policy.

Further, we have dedicated policies to ensure that we meet our customer needs and expectations, and that we adhere to the highest legal and ethical standards.

Our Social Media Policy is designed so that employees don’t take any action that might suggest that the independence and objectivity of the company’s products or services might be improperly influenced by our sales, marketing or other commercial interests.

Failure to comply with our policies may lead to disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment.

We use responsible sales and marketing practices to communicate the value of our products and services to our clients.

This includes following strict compliance rules for transparency.

For instance, within S P Global Ratings, we disclose all required ratings disclosures in the countries where we operate, and legal disclosures for our products and services, which often provide high quality independent opinions.

We also have policies and procedures to maintain the confidentiality of certain non public information received in connection with each analytical process.

S P Dow Jones Indices has dedicated Index Committees so any new indices are appropriately developed, defined and structured prior to launch.

S P Global Platts has similar separation of functions and policies in place to ensure its commodity benchmarks are produced independently and transparently, and free from any commercial influence.

Our product development process follows strict protocols applicable to all business divisions.

Any new product needs the input and signoff of risk, legal and marketing, ensuring that all the quality standards and any risks or impacts found during risk assessments in the development phase are met to provide responsible, accurate, relevant and high quality products to the markets.

The company also has mechanisms in place to receive and investigate complaints about our products and implement corrective action plans.

We are passionate about delighting our clients through quality data and insights they can trust.

Our product development, sales and marketing approaches are based on our values and purpose and seek to deliver the highest standards in client engagement.

Effectively managing risk is critical to supporting our strategic focus and our ability to deliver shareholder value and operate a sustainable business.

We continuously work to improve our risk management oversight and resilience and proactively identify emerging risks and opportunities, while employing robust internal controls and processes to ensure compliance in a complex global regulatory environment.

We also empower our people to recognize and manage risk and make informed, risk based, data driven decisions.

Implemented a new enterprise wide dashboard to track risk status and appetite, empowering managers and divisional stakeholders to actively monitor key risks through changes in risk indicators.

Established the Sustainable1 Risk Committee to provide an executive level forum for regular discussion and oversight of the management of risks for this new commercial organization, and to promote a risk aware culture within day to day business and operational activities.

This new committee joins several other risk committees throughout the company’s divisions, aiming to align enterprise and divisional risk awareness and governance across the organization.

Developed a circular emerging risk radar tool to identify and analyze materializing risks.

Built a governance, risk and compliance (GRC) application to create transparency and awareness around risks, issues, action plans and assessments.

Our Global Security and Crisis Management team (Global Security) drives organizational resilience and protect our people, assets and reputation.

The team deploys a range of preparedness tools, techniques and intelligence to assess and anticipate the likelihood and impact of global physical risks.

For example, analysis of recent events and business disruptions showed a marked increase in the frequency and severity of climate driven risks over the past 12 months.

Flooding in China, southern Europe wildfires, snowfall in Madrid and heatwaves across the U.S. and Canada highlight the inevitable impact of climate change and the risks it brings to our organization, our communities and our planet.

Looking forward, our analysts predict climate change and its impacts will become the primary physical risk faced in 2022.

In the spirit of the Glasgow Climate Pact and the goal to urgently scale up climate response, in 2021 our Global Security team created a Global Threat Monitor to help anticipate future risks.

This automated risk platform enables the team to measure the overall risk exposure of S P Global assets against a range of diverse security and physical risks.

We maintain active, dynamic and effective business continuity management and IT disaster recovery programs.

Designed to ensure a robust response to crises of any type, these supported business continuity during the pandemic with work from home policies and processes and continue to do so today.

Our Business Continuity Management Program is designed in alignment with industry requirements and best practices.

The program follows a strategic lifecycle and to implement appropriate business continuity and IT disaster recovery strategies for all critical business functions and technologies operating from our offices around the globe.

We have an established business continuity and IT disaster recovery structure, which is composed of a Steering Committee, a working group and plan owners, with members of each group made up of senior leaders.

Our corporate Business Continuity Team provides second line oversight of Business Continuity and IT Disaster Recovery programs and deliverables.

We test our plans on a regular basis, at a minimum, annually.

In 2021, our plans also continued to be tested by the COVID 19 pandemic with most of our people working from home.

As a result, we are continuing to respond and strengthen them to enable us to provide uninterrupted essential intelligence to our customers.

In 2021, we began working with the IHS Markit risk organization to plan for readiness on day one.

Planning activities included identifying and evaluating integration risks, creating relevant action plans, and reporting on updates to leadership.

A strong focus on risk management is planned for the 2022 integration of our two organizations.

Changes in the legislative, regulatory and commercial environments in which we operate may materially and adversely impact our ability to collect, compile, use and publish data and may impact our financial results.

We have short term impacts affecting data management policies and processes.

Long term impacts are still unknown and external as global privacy, data localization and data protection legislation, enforcement, and policy activity in this area are rapidly expanding and creating a complex regulatory compliance environment.

Increasing significance to costs of complying with and implementing potential privacy related and data protection measures.

In addition, an inadvertent failure to comply with federal, state or international privacy related or data protection laws and regulations despite our best efforts could result in proceedings against us by governmental entities or others.

We devote meaningful time and financial resources to compliance with current and future applicable international and U.S. privacy, cybersecurity, data protection and related laws.

We have made capital investments and other expenditures to address cybersecurity preparedness and prevent future breaches, including costs associated with additional security technologies, personnel, experts and credit monitoring services for those whose data has been breached.

In addition, the EU and other jurisdictions, including the People’s Republic of China, are considering imposing or have already imposed additional restrictions, including in relation to cross border transfers of personal and other types of data.

S P Global is a global organization with business in these regions and others with similar developing regulations.

These requirements are increasing in complexity and number, change frequently and increasingly conflict among the various countries in which we operate, which could result in significant compliance risk and cost for us.

S P Global Sustainable1 provides essential sustainability intelligence, helping customers navigate the transition to a low carbon, sustainable and equitable future.

Sustainable1 brings together S P Global’s resources and full product suite to provide customers with a 360 degree view to help achieve their sustainability goals.

Regulations, expected within the next five years, will increase process complexity and expenses.

Attracting and retaining talent is an emerging risk as 2022 has begun with one of the largest global employee migrations in history.

In the short term, inability to attract or retain talent will impact the development, maintenance and support of our products and services.

This risk is increasing significance as we rely heavily on the experience and ability of our highly skilled, educated and trained employees.

Accordingly, our business is dependent on successfully attracting, retaining and training talented employees in a highly competitive business environment.

In the long term, if the Company is less successful in its recruiting efforts, or if it is unable to retain key employees, its ability to develop and deliver successful products and services or achieve 3 to 5 year strategic goals may be adversely affected.

The recent merger with IHS Market and external market factors including inflation, better market performance than expected, and increasing job supply are all major factors affecting this risk.

Our dedicated privacy teams in both the legal and compliance work to comply with current regulations and prepare for future regulations.

We have defined data operations and infrastructure strategies to handle repeatability, scalability and flexibility to comply with the evolving requirements.

To avoid any internal conflicts of interest, policies are in place to manage conflicts across divisions.

The Government Affairs and Public Policy team have proactively engaged in discussions with policymakers to understand and prepare for future requirements.

Projects are in place to enhance internal communications on regulatory and policy changes as well as to build a mature compliance program to aid in monitoring.

We offer competitive salary and benefit packages in order to attract and retain the quality employees required to grow and expand our businesses.

Compensation costs are influenced by general economic factors, including those affecting the cost of health insurance and postretirement benefits, and any trends specific to the employee skill sets we require.

Attrition and other key metrics are tracked and reported on a monthly basis to management.

Action plans are in place for any breaches of pre determined metric threshold.

Initiatives are in place to increase compensation, further develop people leaders, strengthen graduate programs, and promote career growth.

Inability to attract and retain key qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations.

The Company and its subsidiaries operate in a dynamic business environment in which new risks emerge frequently.

Accordingly, the Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any risks identified herein, which speak only as of the dates on which they are made and only highlight certain risks without regard to severity or probability.

The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise these statements to reflect events or circumstances arising after the date on which they are made, except as required by applicable law.

Further information about the Company’s businesses, including information about factors that could materially affect its results of operations and financial condition, is contained in the Company’s filings with the SEC, including Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10 K and Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q.

S P Global operates with the longstanding belief that being a responsible corporate citizen includes caring for the people we work with whether they are our colleagues, vendors or people who live in our local communities.

Inherent in this belief is our commitment, ethical duty and responsibility to prevent, mitigate and remediate, if necessary, the risks of modern slavery, and to respect human rights in our operations and supply chain.

Sharpened our focus on human rights by revising and updating our Global Human Rights Policy, alongside our Vendor Code of Conduct.

These policies, together with our Code of Business Ethics (COBE), detail how we respect human rights in line with internationally recognized standards.

Refined our Procurement Sustainability Program by introducing new social considerations into our vetting and monitoring of vendors.

Engaged with Shift Project, a nonprofit and leading center of expertise on the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), to advance our human rights management processes, including consideration of ways to strengthen human rights due diligence for our suppliers.

As a responsible business, we embed respect for human rights across our value chain.

Our approach is guided by the United Nations Global Compact and UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights.

All colleagues receive guidance through COBE on topics including non discrimination, respectful workplace behavior, and health and safety, and we explicitly prohibit the use of forced and child labor in our supply chain.

All of our decisions must be made with clear regard for how they may impact our people, our suppliers, our communities.

As we continue our work on human rights issues, we aim to focus our 2022 to include a robust, enterprise wide saliency exercise to identify impacts, risks and opportunities that are unique to our business and operations.

In addition, we will work to upskill our people leaders on potential critical human rights impacts within their spheres of control.

We adopt the UNGPs as a framework for preventing and mitigating human rights risks.

We also acknowledge our responsibility to ensure grievance accessibility if violations have occurred.

Our EthicsPoint Helpline is made available to our employees and third party stakeholders to raise concerns to better enable S P Global to appropriately address potential human rights impacts.

For more information, please refer to our COBE, page 7.

We invest in our success as a company by investing in our people.

At S P Global, we’re committed to comprehensive and competitive benefits that support physical, financial, emotional and work life wellness.

S P Global knows how important it is to have offerings that keep our people healthy.

Health and safety are key priorities, and our facilities worldwide follow rigorous, internally and externally audited, occupational health and safety policies in line with ISO 45001 and ISO 14001 standards.

For additional information, please see our Health, Safety and Environmental Policy.

Our goal is to prevent all work related accidents and ensure the safety of our people worldwide.

To improve our working environment, we expect our people to report all incidents.

To help drive down risk and raise awareness of health and safety practices, we offer a Health, Safety and Environment online induction training program in several of our locations.

In 2021, we invested in Risk Management Plus software, a tool to help us efficiently report and investigate any incidents that occur within our business.

This tool enables us to document all aspects of an incident in accordance with local regulatory requirements.

It also provides the opportunity to review corrective and preventive actions to help mitigate future incident occurrences.

Our primary health and safety considerations continued to be pandemic related.

While several of our locations opened for our people to return on a voluntary basis, and we established a tiered return to office protocol, work from home recommendations remained in effect in 2021 following public health guidance and local regulations.

As the pandemic evolves and conditions change, we will continually adjust our internal planning efforts, strategies and procedures.

To support our colleagues’ wellbeing, we provide a host of programs, resources and incentives that enable informed decisions and healthy lifestyles.

We offer flexible work environments and global benefits and programs designed with our people’s physical, financial, mental and emotional health in mind inside and outside of work.

In 2021, we introduced Putting Our People First 8.0, further expanding our 2020 benefits to enhance the people experience.

Our People First initiative goes hand in hand with our Chief Purpose Officer’s open door policy where feedback from colleagues is welcomed and helps shape policies and initiatives across the globe.

We continue to provide expanded benefits to help our people navigate the COVID 19 pandemic, including telemedicine and mental health support services.

This includes a variety of preventive care solutions, as well as our global, culturally appropriate LifeWorks Wellbeing program that provides no cost confidential information and tools to support our people and their family members in all areas of wellness.

These resources include connections to immediate support, community referrals, counseling, virtual fitness classes and a wellbeing platform.

For additional information regarding benefits offered by location, please visit our website.

Our approach to managing our sustainability performance begins with a robust materiality assessment, which was created incorporating the views of our key internal and external stakeholders.

We understand that materiality is dynamic, evolving over time.

We also assert that materiality must include the impacts on the environment, communities, economies, people and our business.

Last year S P Global updated our materiality assessment to better reflect the identification and prioritization of the issues we impact the most.

In late 2021 we reassessed our materiality assessment and found a continued focus on the eight material topics described within this document.

We added Global Human Rights as an additional Responsible Business Imperative based on guidance from stakeholders (notably employees, suppliers and investors).

Feedback from our stakeholders is a key driver to update our materiality assessment.

In 2020, we sought diverse voices from our business, customers, investors, suppliers and nonprofit partners.

In 2021, we continued this approach, through several engagement channels.

The Corporate Responsibility team, custodians of the corporate sustainability strategy, regularly present the latest developments on the company’s ESG performance, including risks, opportunities, ESG ratings and industry trends, to S P Global’s senior leadership and the Board of Directors.

These updates are essential to embed the views of our leaders and to make timely decisions on our sustainability journey.

Each year, the company consults our employees through our VIBE platform.

This engagement allows us to understand the needs of our people and design strategies to bridge gaps and measure the success of our actions.

In 2021, the survey was conducted twice due to the ongoing effects of the pandemic on our people and the expectations on the upcoming merger with IHS Markit.

We also maintain an inbox for employees to share ideas and encourage employees to speak with their People Partners.

Through our employee resource and affinity groups we solicit and receive feedback from local markets.

We engage our customers through several channels, including surveys, our corporate website, podcasts, webinars and dedicated corporate events.

For example, through Sustainable1, we organized a side event during COP26 in Glasgow, to share insights and open discussions with private sector leaders from banks, companies and investors.

S P Global has a variety of channels to engage with investors, including the Annual Meeting and other dedicated events.

The company’s Investor Relations team and the Office of the Corporate Secretary also seek feedback and questions from investors on the company’s ESG performance.

We engage with suppliers through our Enterprise Vendor Management Office.

As set out in our Vendor Code of Conduct, we expect our suppliers to adhere and contribute to our long term goals on vendor diversity and environmental responsibility.

Our engagement includes gathering data on our vendors’ endeavors to transition to net zero and adopt science based targets.

We actively engage with nonprofit partners through our DEI work and the S P Global Foundation.

For instance, the Foundation works with nonprofit partners to advance our efforts to create a more inclusive economy for marginalized populations, bridge the global skills gap and promote a sustainable environment.

For more information, please see the Community Impact section.

This section covers our progress and performance in the eight material topics.

To go directly to a topic, click on the links below.

The United Nations' Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) serve as a blueprint for a better and more sustainable future for the environment and society.

We recognize the impact our work has to help contribute to or inhibit progress toward the goals.

Our material topics primarily intersect with four SDGs, described below.

In addition, S P Global offers tools, research and analytics to assist other companies and investors evaluate and improve their own performance in helping to achieve the SDGs.

Our commitment to gender equality is evidenced through our work on global gender representation and gender pay gap.

Please see Diversity, Equity and Inclusion for more details on our progress and performance.

We are committed to a People First Approach at S P Global.

This strategy covers all our global operations and we have made great progress in recent years.

From offering 26 weeks of paid parental leave to supporting our people during the pandemic.

For more details, please see Employee Health, Safety and Wellbeing and Talent Attraction and Development.

Our purpose is to accelerate progress in the world by providing intelligence that is essential to helping countries, companies and investors make decisions with conviction.

In 2021, we launched Sustainable1 as the new go to market for S P Global’s sustainable solutions, representing our commitment to providing customers resources to navigate their transition to a low carbon, sustainable and equitable future.

We are committed to mitigating climate change in our value chain.

We have set a goal to be net zero by 2040 and have set science based targets to 2025.

For more detailed information on our progress to meet our targets, please see the Energy and Climate Change section.

Our business is built on trust, and at S P Global, we are focused on maintaining high standards of ethics and integrity in everything we do.

This focus underscores our core values, is embedded in our culture and informs how we run our business on a daily basis.

The tone is set from the top and reinforced through our governance structure, our Code of Business Ethics (COBE), and key global policies and guidelines.

In 2021, we amended and strengthened policies and expanded training to help ensure high standards of integrity and business ethics.

Established a new Virtual Workplace Policy to ensure consistency and clarification around work from home responsibilities and conflicts of interest, with a biannual process for reporting outside activities.

Updated training to strengthen our focus on diversity, equity and inclusion, with new language on zero tolerance toward bullying and harassment and additional content on discrimination.

Revamped our Travel and Expense Policy to ensure a strong focus on sustainability as part of our ethical business practices.

One of the most important policies in the company, the COBE guides everything we do.

Our CEO receives frequent reports during our annual COBE training campaign and our Board of Directors receives annual updates on policy changes and completion rates.

Available in 11 languages, our COBE provides a clear roadmap for expected ethical behavior.

Everyone who works for us is required to complete the COBE training and sign an affirmation statement annually.

Failure to do so may lead to disciplinary action or termination.

While certain elements of ethics training are mandatory for everyone who works for us, additional training may be required based on risk profiles, roles, job functions and geographic locations.

Biannual certification (for reporting possession of securities and outside activities) is mandatory.

Failure to comply may lead to termination of employment.

We also work to foster a speak up culture, encouraging our people to raise issues and voice concerns regarding ethical conduct.

We provide several channels for reporting issues, including our EthicsPoint helpline, a 24 7 comprehensive and confidential reporting tool to assist management and employees to work together to address fraud, abuse and other misconduct in the workplace, all while cultivating a positive work environment.

We have a zero tolerance policy for bribery and corruption and encourage our people and external stakeholders to report any ethical concerns through the EthicsPoint helpline.

S P Global team members must obtain compliance approval before spending on gifts and entertainment.

In addition to the anti bribery and corruption coverage by our COBE, many colleagues receive additional targeted anti bribery and anti corruption training depending on their role and risk profile.

As a result, we follow a risk based approach toward anti bribery and anti corruption training, including sanctions training, focusing on locations and job functions.

The company defines a corruption incident as one that has been disclosed by S P Global Inc. in its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission public filings.

We experienced zero incidents of corruption in 2021.

Our commitment to high standards of ethics and integrity extends to paying taxes.

We strictly comply with the tax laws in every jurisdiction where we operate, balancing these duties with our commitment to efficient operations.

The S P Global Tax Group is accountable for the implementation of the Global Tax Policy, which was adopted in 2021.

Our international team of experienced tax professionals, along with global third party tax advisors, enable us to operate within a comprehensive tax control framework and to properly identify and manage tax risks and compliance obligations.

We emphasize strong internal controls and transparency with investors and tax authorities and provide disclosure of tax information in periodic financial reports.

To ensure consistency, best practices and a seamless integration of S P Global and IHS Markit corporate policies and procedures post merger, the company is undergoing a rigorous corporate policy harmonization process.

These combined policies and procedures will be reflected in our 2022 Impact Report.

COBE training will be one of the first big post merger activities, with training and affirmation launched enterprise wide on day one.

At S P Global, data privacy and the protection of personal information is a top priority.

Safeguarding customer, employee, partner and stakeholder information informs how we conduct our business and is essential to maintaining our reputation for trust and integrity.

Effective data privacy governance can help mitigate data privacy risk and ensure compliance with global data protection and privacy laws.

This is why we take a multi layered approach to privacy management, collaborating with multiple stakeholders to ensure that personal data is properly categorized and protected.

Our Privacy Center is responsible for implementing and ensuring compliance with all S P Global privacy policies.

In 2021, we strengthened our Privacy team, reduced regulatory risk, enhanced compliance, governance and awareness, and increased operational efficiency.

Completed readiness project for new South Africa regulations and reviewed new requirements for several countries, including the People’s Republic of China, India and Saudi Arabia.

Reviewed 63 vendor relationships for compliance with regulations related to the transfer of personal information.

Updated our Corporate, Candidate and Employee Privacy Policies, as well as our Cookie Notice.

Standard Contractual Clauses for clients and vendors to reflect new EU standards for cross border data transfers.

As a global organization, we consistently monitor for legal and regulatory changes and local impact in the countries where we operate, focusing on potential effects to our people, products and services, and adjust our policies and programs as appropriate.

To meet the requirements of new and emerging privacy laws, S P Global engaged in a data discovery and governance program using Informatica Data Privacy Manager (DPM).

DPM has been used to help identify high risk information assets and to help respond to data subject requests.

While we are taking these steps and others to help ensure we abide by privacy laws in the countries where we do business, the lack of regulatory consistency and harmonization is a challenge to global organizations like ours and we monitor international changes closely.

We understand our data privacy checks and balances rely on the diligence of our people.

COBE outlines our privacy principles, and we provide required data privacy training on an annual basis for all employees.

Our Corporate Privacy Policy enshrines our commitment to privacy and data protection for customers, prospects, vendors and other stakeholders.

It is reviewed annually and updated when necessary to reflect how we collect, store and use personal information and includes a Preference Center for each division to manage opt out requests and customer opt in preferences.

Translated from English into 11 key languages, the regularly updated policy is presented in a layered format for increased transparency and provides user friendly explanations of how we collect, share, use and protect information.

To ensure potential data breaches are responded to in a methodical and timely way, and to minimize the impact where the incident involves the unauthorized access, disclosure, misuse or loss of personal information, we maintain a robust Cyber Incident Response Plan, which is available to all employees.

Managed by our Cyber Incident Response Team, the plan lays out our escalation process and procedures to follow in the case of an incident.

In light of the merger with IHS Markit, we are working to ensure alignment and continuity of core policies.

S P Global is maturing the privacy program operating model by creating a dedicated information and privacy function within the Compliance team under Global Risk Assurance to bring together Information Governance and Privacy.

The new operating model will build on our existing hub and spoke approach and provide for a smooth combination with IHS Markit colleagues on day one post merger.

Our business is based on data and analytics, so the protection of information is of paramount importance to us.

Our clients, investors and colleagues trust us to safeguard our networks and data systems from external threats, as well as protect their own data and rights to privacy.

Maintaining this trust is critical to our brand and reputation.

We continuously update our strategies, processes, training and technologies to mitigate risk, stay ahead of the evolving cyberthreat landscape and handle information in a secure and responsible way.

Remote work brought on by COVID 19 continued throughout 2021 and we strengthened our efforts to secure our people and systems while working from home.

Conducted training to address cybersecurity and confidentiality of information within a remote work environment.

Matured and broadened our technology to help protect individual, at home users.

S P Global’s leadership included cybersecurity in our 2021 Enterprise Goals, reflecting its importance to the resiliency of our business.

Our Board of Directors, primarily through the Audit and Finance Committees, oversees our technology and cyber risk profile, enterprise technology and cyber strategies, and information security initiatives.

The Board is briefed on technology and cybersecurity risk management and environment through committee updates, as well as biannual updates from the Chief Information Officer and the Chief Information Security Officer, with more frequent updates as necessary.

We define a breach of customer privacy as any incident that has been disclosed by S P Global, Inc. in its U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission public filings.

In 2021, we experienced zero incidents of breaches of customer privacy.

To mitigate cybersecurity risks, our Global Information Security team assesses our program against the Financial Services Information Sharing and Analysis Center (FS ISAC) best practices and conducts continuous, daily vulnerability scanning with remediation in line with our standards and company policy.

Actions are tracked against problems being raised from the surveillance.

Penetration testing is performed at least once per year.

To keep abreast of the threat landscape and ensure a robust cybersecurity posture, our Information Security team participates in FS ISAC to gain training and receives meaningful threat intelligence on trends.

This continued partnership reinforces our commitment to cybersecurity, as does our partnership with the World Economic Forum's Centre for Cybersecurity.

Our Cyber Incident Response Plan provides a framework for responding swiftly and effectively in the event of a cyber attack.

We use lessons from these events to improve and update the company’s security capabilities and resiliency.

We have been working on modernizing our technologies in order to respond to threats more quickly and have updated our end to end point detection tools and testing solution.

Our people are our first line of defense and play a key role in identifying, avoiding and mitigating cybersecurity threats.

We provide them with mandatory annual training, which is managed by our Information Security team who ensures modules are continually updated to address and cover new risks and threat landscapes.

An internal audit realized gaps in consequences for failure to complete training.

These gaps were addressed and those who fail to complete training are now escalated to our People Team for further action.

We also conduct simulations to test our defenses, including a monthly phishing simulation.

Continuous training and random phishing security testing in 2021 resulted in a decrease in susceptibility rate for our users, bringing our yearly average to less than 10%.

As we move forward post merger, we will mature and strengthen our information security program to meet the new needs of the company within a rapidly changing cybersecurity environment.

This includes increasing our level of training and tailoring our training to ensure strong focus where needed.

In response to feedback from our Operating Committee, we will continue rigorous testing and improve employee training and awareness programs.

Plans also include updating our vulnerability management program, scaling and tailoring our penetration testing program and conducting tabletop exercises for cyber events at the local and divisional levels.

External auditors examined our IT infrastructure and information security management systems.

We began implementing a cyber transformation program to enhance our security posture and mature our global security systems.

We implemented and enhanced our distributed denial of service (DDoS) protection capabilities, which strengthens our ability to respond to cyber events including DDoS attacks, by deploying modern, centralized technology.

As ESG factors continue to take on even greater significance for our customers and the global community, we are leveraging our rich data and analytics to help inform strategies and investment decisions, while keeping ahead of rapidly changing needs in this highly competitive, increasingly regulated market.

Aligned with our mission, our innovative ESG products place us in a position to create meaningful change in the world by using our high quality data to drive capital and commodity markets, support transparency objectives and rapidly respond to regulations to help companies and investors make better, more sustainable decisions.

Over the past 20 years, we have championed sustainable markets, offering diverse ESG solutions that range from practical tools and expert, forward looking research, to company level metrics and market benchmarks.

Our solutions help companies and investors identify growth opportunities, mitigate ESG risks and maximize and evaluate their performance against the SDGs or Paris Agreement, as well as emerging regulations.

We also deploy our expertise and advanced analytics to keep clients abreast of emerging challenges such as biodiversity loss and natural resource scarcity.

In 2021, all business divisions maintained strong performance across our ESG offerings.

Launched in April 2021, our S P Global Sustainable1 organization forms a centralized group representing all of our integrated sustainability offerings.

Sustainable1 brings our resources and full product suite of benchmarking, analytics, evaluations and indices together to provide customers with a 360 degree view to help achieve their sustainability goals.

We also launched our S P Global Sustainable1 Knowledge Hub to provide a comprehensive public resource for the markets.

The tool brings together insights and thought leadership from S P Global divisions and Sustainable1, to provide data and well informed points of view on critical topics such as energy transition, climate resilience, positive impact and sustainable finance.

In 2021, we invited 10,000 companies to participate in our annual Corporate Sustainability Assessment (CSA).

More than 2,100 companies participated, an increase of over 50% from 2020.

CSA results are used to select constituent companies into different sustainability focused indices, including the Dow Jones Sustainability Indices (DJSI).

ESG scores calculated from the CSA are also used by investors to gain insight into business value drivers that are comparable across peers and sub industries.

S P Global Trucost has been assessing risks relating to climate change, natural resource constraints, and broader environmental, social and governance factors since 2000.

Trucost intelligence continues to help corporations, financial institutions and governments build resilience and get ahead in the transition to a low carbon, sustainable and equitable future.

It’s also the data and analytics engine that powers many of our own ESG solutions.

In 2021 we made Trucost information, which consists of datasets from more than 17,000 companies, available to our subscribing clients at no extra cost.

Our credit rating analysis takes a holistic view of exposure to ESG factors and related mitigants.

We only incorporate in our credit rating analysis those ESG factors that materially influence creditworthiness and for which we have sufficient visibility and certainty.

In addition to credit ratings, S P Global Ratings provides distinct sustainable finance services, which include the ESG Evaluation (a forward looking opinion of a company’s ability to manage future ESG risks and opportunities) and Sustainable Financing Opinions.

In 2021, we completed 59 evaluations and 42 sustainable financing opinions.

S P Global Market Intelligence offers ESG data and analytics that assess the performance of companies and investment portfolios against financially material metrics to uncover market opportunities.

With the ever growing product suite of Market Intelligence, ESG data was first introduced on the S P Capital IQ Pro platform in mid 2020.

We continue to make more datasets available with every product release to help our clients become more aligned with industry standards and regulations.

The global energy transition has given rise to major innovations in the sustainable production and consumption of commodities toward lower carbon pathways.

These groundbreaking developments are creating opportunities, upending business models and igniting new ideas to confront the increased complexity in this space.

S P Global Platts provides in depth benchmark price assessments, news and insights to assist decision makers in understanding and managing this complexity, as well as developing strategies to help our clients prosper in the new energy world.

To cater for this shift, Q1 2021 saw the launch of Platts Energy Transition service.

Built out 11 daily core carbon assessments, alongside another six AI driven carbon indices (in partnership with Viridios Capital) that focus on broader sustainability impact.

This means Platts has unique coverage of the world’s carbon markets and shows the significant range of values in emissions reduction projects.

We are already seeing uptake in supply contracts that reference Platts data.

We expect to progressively cover the bulk of the world’s crude oil supply in the coming months.

This sets the stage for the crude markets to trade around Platts emissions baselines as they start to embrace a lower carbon world.

S P Dow Jones Indices works with market leading data partners to cater to an array of climate and sustainability investing needs, including sophisticated forward looking approaches in line with the recommendations of the TCFD and climate benchmark standards proposed by the EU Technical Expert Group on Sustainable Finance.

As of 2021, our range of headline ESG indices has grown to 200, with assets under license totaling 2.7 trillion.

In 2021 we launched the ESG Eurozone 60 Bund SV Index, a collaboration between S P Dow Jones Indices and the German government.

The innovative ESG index, which incorporates the minimum standards for EU Climate Transaction Benchmarks as described in Regulation (EU) 2019 2089 and aligns with the landmark Paris Agreement, will serve as a performance benchmark for four of the government’s Federal Special Pension Funds.

S P Global is a proud member of the Net Zero Financial Service Providers Alliance (NZFSPA), a global group of financial service providers and organizations offering related products or services.

NZFSPA members are committed to supporting the goal of global net zero greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 or sooner, in line with the ambition to limit the global temperature increase to 1.5 C above pre industrial levels.

Members recognize the significant risks associated with climate change and delaying the transition to a net zero economy.

This includes financial risks, such as the risk of stranded assets and loss of earnings for organizations with operations not aligned with this transition.

By signing the NZFSPA Commitment, members commit to aligning with a net zero economy, supporting their clients’ transition to net zero and collaborating to help ensure capital market participants have access to best practice, robust science based approaches and methodologies, and improved data and research, through which to deliver on these commitments.

Created in 2021, with the support of the UK government under its G7 presidency, the Impact Taskforce (ITF) unites leading voices from the worlds of business, investment and public policy to contribute practically to promote sustainable, impact driven economies and societies worldwide, and to harness private capital at scale for public good.

In 2021, the 120 member ITF released recommendations aimed at financing a just transition to a climate secure future in its report, Time to deliver: Mobilizing private capital at scale for people and planet.

The report explains how societal shifts and leaps in technology created opportunity to mobilize private capital in the search for better solutions and lays out actionable pathways to work with public capital to deliver benefits for people and the planet.

As a founding member of ITF, S P Global CEO Doug Peterson chaired the workstream on transparency, harmonization and integrity in impact measurement and reporting.

Our conviction on ESG is this we believe in it, we practice its principles and we are continuously evolving our products to include it.

One of the company’s main goals for 2022 and beyond is to stay abreast of key market developments, focusing more on demonstrating real world impacts and alignment with the SDGs.

Sustainable1 will also continue to be a thought leader, with a continual flow of publicly accessible ESG information and data.

Innovation is key to success in our knowledge driven sector and in the markets and workplaces of today and tomorrow.

To continue to accelerate progress and navigate rapidly evolving markets, we foster a culture of innovation, encouraging and challenging our people to disrupt how we think and operate to drive productivity, improve agility and increase value for our customers.

With the pandemic and work from home continuing through 2021, our company and our people continued to innovate and adapt, finding new ways of connecting and adopting tools and processes to bring us closer together as colleagues and as an organization.

Launched the S P Global Innovation Platform, a cross divisional tool to house innovation and technology initiatives, and closed a key gap to enable engagement, transparency and tracking for these programs.

Hosted our SPARK Summit, a three day event to explore how our teams, customers and external partners use technology and innovation processes to accelerate progress in the world.

Hosted a virtual Inventors’ Roundtable, bringing together some of S P Global’s greatest innovators to share how they approached specific challenges and ultimately created patentable products that brought real value to the business.

In 2021, through our EssentialTECH program, we hosted our first ever Claremont FinTech Hackathon, a national competition for students at the California based Claremont Colleges Consortium.

During the month long hackathon, more than 40 students formed 13 teams assessed how U.S. companies are accelerating progress in the world through their ESG efforts.

Teams developed models to showcase their findings by leveraging seven unique datasets, accessible via S P Global's collaboration with Snowflake’s Cloud Data Platform.

The winning team, CGU FinTech, identified a correlation between human capital development and talent attraction and retention, as proxies for identifying companies’ exposure to racial and social injustice, and were offered the opportunity to develop their project with a team from S P Global.

At S P Global, we believe that everyone can be an innovator.

That’s why our Innovation Platform is designed to create a culture of innovation, establishing a repeatable process while driving real business impact.

Designed for teams of all sizes, our Innovation Platform makes it simple to participate and taps the power of our people to source and select ideas, crowdfund projects, run hackathons and turn ideas into reality.

With software that enables effective decisions so program success can scale across our company, our platform tracks and measures multiple types of success, with data driven results readily accessible.

Hackathons: Opportunities beyond traditional business to foster innovation and creative problem solving by bringing people together to collaborate and compete to solve a business challenge.

Battle of the Bots: A contest to drive engagement by recognizing our people who identified and delivered key robotic process automation projects yielding efficiencies, improving time to market or data quality.

Ideas that Inspire Innovation (i3): A contest to help create growth, performance improvements and strategic value by bringing our Market Intelligence people together to promote and develop their ideas, with best ideas moving from pitch to implementation.

Patent Program: Fostering a culture of innovation by maximizing the commercial and competitive value of intellectual property rights.

Moving forward, we will evolve our federated operating model and drive business value and creativity through additional tools and processes, including positioning our Innovation Platform as a tool to help the business achieve their goals faster.

We will also continue efforts to establish strong inter divisional relationships, as well as external partnerships and connections.

At S P Global, we are driven by technology, turning data into insights by mining and analyzing billions of data points to uncover critical information that our customers need to make sound decisions.

Technology is an essential enabler for our business.

It is also essential for our people and we continue to accelerate opportunities to learn and apply leading edge tech skills.

S P Global is focused on the development of our people in a dynamic technology environment.

Our EssentialTECH program brings opportunities to build skills, capabilities and mindsets to address the business and career development needs of today and tomorrow.

We’re building tech fluency for all employees across core areas: Agile, Automation, Cloud, Cyber, Data Science and DevOps, strengthening role based capabilities through comprehensive learning journeys.

EssentialTECH Chapters Core Communities: Partners representing technology communities of practice, regional chapters and champion groups to help direct, guide and support programs.

Innovation Forum: Small, cross functional body of senior leaders who set innovation priorities, drive direction and champion innovation, encouraging individuals and teams to go beyond customary job boundaries.

Across each of these areas, a blended learning approach has been deployed, leveraging courses developed specifically for S P Global, supplementing the learning paths through external industry leading courses, and enabling the application of skills through innovation based activities.

We incentivize employee development by awarding digital credentials and spot bonuses for achieving key industry certifications.

Deep role based learning journeys for full stack, data engineering and security analyst functions within the organization and combined them with experiential and social learning and talent marketplace initiatives.

EssentialTECH Xchanges adding a social learning component, professional networking, sharing of knowledge and skills, certification prep support, mentorship and extended learning opportunities through a speaker series and workshops.

Our Take 3 program, providing our Digital Technology Services team members with a dedicated three hours each month for a three month period to focus on learning and innovation.

The EssentialTECH Buddies talent marketplace connects technology expertise to where it’s needed while building business value and developing capabilities together.

It includes capabilities coaching, study preparation, and opportunities to seek and match technical skills with business projects.

We leverage a network of cross functional and cross divisional advisors to help inform and shape the direction of our technology and innovation programs.

This flexible and dynamic approach enables us to remain agile and acts as a sharing space and network for opportunities and best practices by facilitating connections across regions.

EssentialTECH Council: Helps shape priorities and provide key input to amplify reach and impact throughout the organization.

Cryptocurrency and decentralized finance (DeFi) are the latest emerging areas of focus in our market.

These emerging areas have the potential to significantly disrupt and complement financial markets, and how S P Global delivers information.

Introductory courses began rolling out in December 2021.

Research and educational opportunities will continue across the company throughout 2022.

Upon completion of the merger with IHS Markit, we will strengthen our role based capabilities and align tech fluency levels across the combined organization.

We will explore our impact and influence on talent mobility, retention and attraction.

We will increase our technology education, focusing on key disruptive forces including cybersecurity and digitalization of markets.

We believe that a company can’t be healthy in an unhealthy world.

Measuring, managing and reducing our own environmental and climate impacts is simply the right thing to do for our company and all stakeholders.

In early 2021, we set the ambitious target of achieving net zero emissions by 2040.

Our targets were validated by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) and are consistent with reductions required to keep global warming to 1.5 C. Our approach is derived from the latest climate science, aligning with best practice of avoiding and reducing GHG emissions whenever possible, replacing high carbon energy sources with low carbon alternatives and enhancing our systems to track and disclose our emissions.

Reducing our carbon footprint through business travel is key to our target of achieving net zero emissions by 2040.

In 2021, we enlisted the help of Thrust Carbon, an organization that delivers proactive travel sustainability solutions and insights.

Thrust Carbon provides us with tools that calculate our full emissions across our entire travel spectrum, and encourage, incentivize and influence individual and team carbon reducing behavioral change.

Continuous live data provides near real time, enterprise wide, transparent and detailed insights, including emissions by departments and divisions.

Our people are provided with tools to exercise greener travel behavior at the point of purchase, such as a CO2.

These include a CO2 display for all flight selections in air searches, an air rail display in the air shopping path and displaying and tagging hybrid and electric cars in car searches.

Our people play an active role in reducing our overall travel related carbon emissions.

The goal is to provide our colleagues with the information necessary to make informed travel decisions with conviction.

S P Global’s climate, energy and broader environmental data cover our 91 offices across 32 countries where we have operational control.

We use site based environmental management systems to identify impacts, establish targets and collect, monitor and report data.

In 2020, we extended ISO 14001 certification to 14 offices and 80% of our global workforce up from 10 offices in 2019.

Due to the ongoing pandemic and a consolidation of our Hong Kong offices, there were no new certifications in 2021.

In 2021, in our London, Centennial and Charlottesville locations, we transitioned to renewable energy tariffs.

In early 2022, we will also transition our Ahmedabad, India location.

All four offices have a potential annual savings of 3,311 tCO2e based on 2019 figures, or 11% of our total Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

Throughout 2021, most of our people continued to work from home.

Where offices were open, we encouraged a hybrid work environment.

While employee business travel was still limited in 2021, we continued neutralizing all emissions.

For every metric ton of travel related CO2e produced, S P Global purchased an equal amount of certified carbon offsets from Natural Capital Partners.

The merger between S P Global and IHS Markit will enable a variety of efficiencies and synergies, particularly impacting our environmental footprint.

We anticipate continued office consolidations and closures to enable a permanent hybrid working model.

We also continue to explore tools such as LEED green leases and power pact agreements to help reduce the impact of our remaining office locations.

In line with best practices outlined by the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, S P Global plans to restate its science based targets to account for the significant change to our company’s footprint and boundaries.

Additionally, we look forward to setting similar long term reduction targets for waste, water and energy.

Includes Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Travel emissions only.

For more information, please see our 2021 Assurance Statement.

S P Global understands the impacts of biodiversity loss and the depletion of natural resources, as well as the real threat to people, communities and businesses around the world.

While our operations may not pose a significant impact on biodiversity and ecosystem services, any loss in biodiversity will have an effect on our ability to operate and the wellbeing of our employees, communities and the natural world.

Indeed, we must act to reduce any impact we may have as a business and safeguard this asset that is of benefit to us all.

As a member of the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), along with other companies, we are working to develop and deliver a new framework for organizations to report on how their business is dependent on nature and act on evolving nature related risks.

Available in a public and commercial framework, the goal of these tools is to help organizations understand and measure their risk of company impact and dependence on biodiversity, provide information on how to mitigate these risks and other management plans, and to assess potential risk via proximity to biodiverse areas.

In 2022 the organization will announce new long term targets for water, waste, forests and biodiversity.

In February 2021, we joined the Data Council of the Future of Sustainable Data Alliance (FoSDA) as an inaugural member, working with other market data experts to help advance critical data for governments and investors in deploying capital to achieve global sustainability goals.

In the short term, we will focus on understanding the impacts we have as an organization on nature, and how to mitigate them.

Additionally, we will analyze how nature related risks have an effect on the company’s ability to generate value.

In 2021, we also conducted further due diligence on how to approach this topic and how it affects other material priorities for our business.

Through S P Global Sustainable1, in partnership with S P Global Trucost and the World Conservation Monitoring Centre, we are finalizing an agreement to build a quantitative, comprehensive, scalable, modular and easy to understand dataset and analytics for measuring risk.

Additionally, we seek to be one of the first companies to report using the forthcoming TNFD Framework, as we understand that biodiversity and climate change are intrinsically linked and require immediate attention to mitigate impacts and increase financial capital to protect and restore biodiversity.

Office Paper Purchased in 2020 was previously reported as 40 short tons due to a flaw in methodology.

Accelerating progress in the world relies on diverse workforces, inclusive workplaces and equitable opportunity for all.

As a global organization, diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) are central to who we are and vital to our success.

We work to integrate DEI into everything we do, starting with our workforce and workplace and extending far beyond company walls, deep into our marketplace and our local communities.

DEI is rooted in three key areas people, customers and community.

We are an anti racist organization, focused on doing the work it takes to drive systemic equity in all our processes, policies and practices.

Creating a culture of belonging where different voices are heard, great ideas can flourish and everyone can thrive are key factors that help drive innovation and overall performance.

Founded in 2019, our DEI Council is a governing body accountable for driving diversity, equity and inclusion efforts across the company.

Composed of executives from different business divisions and co chaired by our CEO and Chief Purpose Officer, the Council is responsible for enterprise wide DEI strategy, Employee Resource Group (ERG) strategy alignment, and DEI metrics.

Communicate: Ensures DEI is embedded across the organization, while providing a forum for regular feedback and engagement to inform direction and strategy.

Advocate: Drives and governs DEI efforts and ensures divisional alignment, while instituting, supporting and integrating DEI best practices to collectively produce meaningful programs that enhance the overall business.

Champion: Delivers the DEI strategy within their division, sponsors ERG board leaders and recommends new talent for open ERG board roles.

Together DEI Council members work to create an organizational culture and climate in which every voice is valued and colleagues feel a sense of belonging and empowerment connecting with one another and to the organization to do their best work.

The Council also serves to enable organizational alignment across business divisions and externally to advance DEI strategies.

We want our 23,000 colleagues around the world to feel that they belong, are appreciated for their unique backgrounds and perspectives and are treated equitably.

We commit to providing a level playing field so that everyone who works for us can be themselves and reach their full potential.

We actively encourage a culture where our people enrich the work experience for colleagues through training, connecting and listening.

In 2021, we expanded our DEI commitment, further empowering our people to activate, connect, listen and execute on our DEI goals.

Launched Eskalera, a new learning platform that empowers employees to build awareness, maximize potential and elevate decision making to drive a better culture, promote inclusivity and engagement and productivity.

Expanded our definition of diversity to enable greater opportunities for people with disabilities.

Unveiled a Women’s Return to Work program in India and continue to focus on gender inclusion in key markets like Pakistan and India.

Our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs) help us foster inclusion, impacting thousands of colleagues who come together based on shared life and career experiences to further professional development and support business success and community engagement.

Led by colleagues and funded by the company, these global affinity groups represent Black, Hispanic and Latinx, and Asian colleagues, women, veterans, parents, people of all abilities and our LGBTQ community.

In 2021, we increased our financial investment in our ERGs. New ERG chapters were launched and strategies expanded globally, with our ERGs taking on additional activities and programming, including Dynamic Discussions and Courageous Conversations speaker series, a video series on disability inclusion and accessibility, and other capacity building initiatives.

Our workforce is key to our success and provides a strong foundation for our diversity efforts.

While we have made strides in some areas, we recognize that there is more work to be done.

In 2021, 0.99% of our U.S. workforce self identified as LGBTQ , 0.44% disclosed a disability and 1.16% reported being a veteran.

The previously stated 2020 percentage of employees who self identify as having a disability was incorrect due to an error in aggregating the data in our HR management system.

We expanded self ID options in some of our key markets, including people with disabilities in India, and are presently working in the UK to expand our options for race and gender.

We are also examining dimensions of DEI in markets like India and Pakistan where we continue to focus on gender inclusion.

We are committed to greater transparency of our workforce’s demographic makeup and comply with all disclosure regulations, such as publishing our UK Gender Pay Gap Report and France Gender Equality Index Report.

Equal Employment Opportunity data can be found here.

We are committed to delivering competitive, equitable, fair and transparent compensation and reward programs that motivate our people, drive performance and create shareholder value.

We conduct annual pay reviews to ensure fair pay for our people.

The pay equity picture is constantly changing with acquisitions, new hires, promotions, merit increases, transfers and separations, and we continually review and enhance our compensation programs and practices to ensure fair pay for our people.

Analyzing and addressing the gender pay gap drives us to reach new heights on this journey.

It achieves better outcomes for our people, our customers and our business.

We continue to focus on identifying and addressing our gap, and investing significant resources into recruitment activities, talent planning, professional growth and compensation to reduce it.

Moving forward, we will continue to enhance our DEI efforts across the globe.

As part of the merger with IHS Markit, we will be reviewing training, programs and campaigns to ensure alignment.

We plan on enhancing our ERG networks globally and creating inclusion related campaigns throughout the company.

Led by our procurement team, we will establish new, long term supplier diversity targets to grow our U.S. spend with firms owned by underrepresented groups, including minorities, women, LGBTQ individuals, veterans, people with disabilities and those defined as a small business.

Through S P Global Sustainable1, we bring together a full product suite of benchmarking, analytics, evaluations and indices to provide customers with a 360 degree view to help achieve their ESG goals.

The S in the ESG conversation has evolved rapidly as investors, corporations and the public give more priority to social issues like diversity, income inequality, systemic racism, treatment of employees, and companies’ broader role in society.

Stakeholders are increasingly holding companies to a higher social standard.

Through our Diversity Research Lab, we produce essential intelligence that demonstrates the power of social equity and the benefits of more inclusive economies.

Produced 40 customer facing podcasts focused on providing expert insight into a variety of social topics.

Published our first collaborative Sustainable1 DEI team client facing newsletter, providing our customers with social equity insights.

Produced a May 2021 study on women CEOs during COVID 19 in collaboration with researchers from the University of Paris.

By pairing data and analysis from S P Global with insights from external thought leaders, the Diversity Research Lab aims to unearth and explore underrepresented questions in diversity research.

Recent reports supported by the Diversity Research Lab include Accelerating Black Inclusion, an analysis of racial diversity in the United Kingdom’s financial services industry published by New Financial, and ChangePays, S P Global’s ongoing series of reports on women’s economic participation and impact.

For more information on our efforts and to view detailed content, visit the Social Equity section of our website.

In today’s highly competitive talent market, attracting and retaining the right people is integral to our goals of increased revenue, global growth and market leadership position.

Having the right people in place, and empowering them with the right culture, resources, tools and skills they need for growth and success, helps increase productivity and loyalty, and enables us to produce the insights and analytics that are foundational to our business.

We continued to expand on demand, virtual development, learning and coaching opportunities and resources for our people, and launched a new career site and resources to help attract new talent.

Speaker Series, providing a forum to evolve the emotional growth of our most promising leaders.

Continued our partnership with Power to Fly, an organization that connects diverse talent to career opportunities, and provides a strong platform for diversity, equity and inclusion initiatives.

Refined our Diversity, Equity and Inclusion (DEI) strategy to provide more coaching opportunities through our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs).

In 2020, we introduced global career coaching, open to all of our people.

Through this industry leading approach, certified coaches offer confidential, individual and customized open ended support to help our people identify and fulfill their career aspirations.

Our People Advisor role grew out of this program, providing a neutral and confidential way for our people to navigate workplace concerns, including career related matters.

Our interactive Career Coaching dashboard enables real time insights for management reporting and offers more relevant and targeted career training.

The development of our colleagues is of paramount importance to the organization.

In 2021 we reviewed our practices and accounting standards, reflected in an increase in the budget allocated to develop our people.

The pandemic has impacted how employees across industries and geographies evaluate their life priorities.

Our company’s turnover rate increased significantly over 2020, yet remains in line with the industry average.

We are actively working with our people, our ERGs, and teams to better understand the needs of our colleagues and ensure that we retain our top talent.

We have also noted a marked increase in external applicants for open positions within our company, nor are we experiencing any shortage of individuals with critical skills.

Emerging leaders of all backgrounds are the future of our organization.

In 2021, we continued to develop this important pipeline.

In 2021 we reimagined Create, our signature leader development program, to ensure scalability, sustainability and personalization.

The program was enhanced and updated to support a dual purpose, to develop consistent foundational capabilities for people leaders, and to provide support for challenges in uncertain times.

Conducted 58 sessions, attended by 649 people leaders.

Held 96 Coaching Circles, attended by 374 participants.

Small group sessions were led by certified coaches and focused on topics such as Thriving in a Virtual World, Building Change, and Resiliency and Strengths Based Development.

Redesigned our People Leader Support Network, which provides confidential 1:1 support for people leaders on any topic of their choosing.

Through discovery, coaching, experiences and movement, the S P50 Initiative supports the growth and development of our senior leaders, expanding their perspectives and forging meaningful connections across the company.

Offered 1 1 presentation skills coaching for participants who present to the Board of Directors.

Created developmental 360 assessment and action planning for select leaders.

One strong channel for new talent comes from our Early Careers programs, enabling us to tap the next generation of diverse leaders by offering career and internship opportunities to students and recent graduates.

To improve our pipeline of diverse talent, we partner with a variety of organizations and attend recruiting events.

In 2021, we participated in the 2021 National Black MBA Association (NBMBAA) Conference and Career Expo.

Our partnership with NBMBAA is a key component of our DEI efforts and over the past few years, we have recruited 8 10 colleagues per year through the conference.

Globally, we are also expanding our partnerships in diverse talent recruitment.

Examples include 10000blackinterns, The Amos Bursary and SEO London in the UK Year Up, Project Basta and PowerToFly in the U.S. and NIIT in India.

S P Global Platts provided the support and resources I needed to kick start my professional career, the training program was great and provided the opportunity to immediately build my network within the company.

In the 2021 VIBE Survey, the top priority was navigating change.

We found that living through the second year of the pandemic was impacting our people significantly, at work and at home.

While many companies around the world were also wrestling with another year of disruption, the impending merger with IHS Markit brought increased workloads and uncertainty for our people.

We see our VIBE Survey tool as a way to direct the trajectory of our organization and guide decisions.

And based on this knowledge, we increased our support, including implementing additional wellness days and increased pay transparency, and adjusted our CEO town hall meetings from quarterly to monthly.

In anticipation of the merger, we partnered with IHS Markit to independently collect information so we will be ready to compare programs and establish baselines on day one.

In 2022, we will move forward on expanding our pilot program, Thrive, throughout the enterprise.

Thrive is a career framework that incentivizes learning and development.

Additionally, we will build out and scale our learning framework for our people teams.

The VIBE platform is an employee engagement tool that allows us to gather direct feedback and track progress in critical areas, such as workplace pride and satisfaction and inclusive culture, and gather actionable insights for improvements to our people strategy.

VIBE allows us to have candid conversations and make adjustments to meet the needs of our people.

In 2021, we performed a mid year check to ensure our top priorities and engage people again with our annual VIBE survey.

At S P Global, we work to accelerate progress in the world by harnessing our essential intelligence to power thriving global communities.

We give back to our communities and create value for society by focusing our philanthropic efforts in areas where we can have the most impact: Creating an Inclusive Economy, Bridging the Global Skills Gap and Promoting a Sustainable Environment.

Our essential intelligence powers inclusive sustainable economies and thriving global communities.

As our main charitable arm, the S P Global Foundation makes a difference by finding and developing essential connections to engage our colleagues and positively impact the communities in which we operate.

The Foundation has three main focus areas, which align with the S P Global philanthropic mission.

Additionally, Foundation grantmaking supports disaster relief efforts with an emphasis on resiliency.

The majority of grants target underrepresented and underserved communities.

Last year, we broadened grantmaking in pandemic, racial justice and climate change categories.

Underwent a strategic review with an outside consulting firm to refine Foundation focus areas and strengthen our governance systems.

Conducted an internal audit that resulted in the creation of a new Operations Manual and strengthened our processes and operations.

For the S P Global Foundation, our merger with IHS Markit brings new opportunities and aspirations.

Our goal is to ensure consistency and engagement throughout the new organization as we determine funding mechanisms and ambitions as a combined company.

In early 2022, upon the completion of the merger with IHS Markit, S P Global's management and Board of Directors approved the creation of a 200 million endowment for the S P Global Foundation.

In late 2021, we developed a detailed Operations Manual and moved our grant application and grant review process online.

Moving forward, we will continue these efforts toward streamlining our processes, in addition to deepening our measurement efforts.

Asian American Legal Defense and Education Fund: Funding supported the StopAsianHate Project, helping to educate the public about past and present discrimination against Asian Americans, provide legal assistance to victims of anti Asian violence, and strengthen coalitions to oppose anti Asian racism.

COVAX: Funding supported the COVAX Access to COVID 19 Tools Accelerator, a global collaboration to accelerate the development, production and equitable access to COVID 19 tests, treatments and vaccines.

The foundation’s reach continues to grow in local communities around the world we look forward to deepening our impact to accelerate progress towards a more sustainable tomorrow.

S P Global’s impact in the community is powered by our people.

Through our employee engagement programs, colleagues champion, engage and advance our corporate responsibility and sustainability strategies throughout our local communities.

In 2021, the pandemic continued to force suspension of hands on programs in our priority areas, such as environmental cleanups.

However, S P Global colleagues continued to find opportunities to volunteer virtually, focusing on skills based volunteer projects.

For example, S P Global volunteers served as mentors and judges for the online Global STEM Alliance Innovation Challenge, using IT solutions to address a major global issue.

Through the S P Global Essential Impact program, we offer our people five paid Give Back Days to volunteer, and through the Common Impact Pro Bono Quick Connect program, we match our volunteers’ professional experience and skills with the pressing needs of nonprofits.

We also continued our Nonprofit Board Service Program offered through Cause Strategy Partners, which provides placement, training and support to colleagues serving on nonprofit boards.

In 2021, there were 33 elections to nonprofit boards and three pending board placements.

Our 2021 volunteer participation declined from 2019 and 2020, which we attribute to long term impact of the global pandemic on in person volunteer activities.

We were pleased to see that more employees participated in our Matching Gift program in 2021.

In 2021 we provided 3 million in matching gifts, up from 1.96 million in 2020.

The ERG Grant Funding Initiative empowers ERG members to help identify and review grant applications from organizations that align with our key focus areas.

Selected organizations receive foundation funding and volunteers from the partner ERG.

For instance, VALOR, our ERG supporting the needs of veterans and their allies, selected NPower as its beneficiary organization in 2020 and 2021.

NPower’s mission is to create pathways to economic prosperity by helping unemployed or underemployed military veterans and young adults from underserved families build in demand skills.

Volunteering with my colleagues is a fun team bonding experience it’s a joy to serve as a volunteer leader with such a strong people and community centered culture.

S P Global’s supply chain is composed of professional and technical service providers, IT software sourcing, and network, communications and hardware providers or licensors.

Our suppliers include: marketing, human resources, financial and other consultants and brokers maintenance, repair and operations, facilities management and landlords information technology and business process outsourcing providers.

Suppliers specific to our industry include market data and research providers.

Our supply chain also includes travel providers such as travel agencies, airlines and hotel chains.

For more information, see Risk and Crisis Management, p. 12 and our Vendor Code of Conduct.

S P Global has a worldwide reputation for integrity, honesty and good faith in its dealings.

We set the highest standards of ethical behavior for our Directors and our employees.

See From our CEO, p. 5 Corporate Governance, p. 7 Business Ethics and Integrity, p. 18 and S P Global Code of Business Ethics.

S P Global’s Board of Directors, CEO and Operating Committee review our annual Impact Report.

Code of Business Ethics, p. 11 Global Human Rights Policy, p. 3 Employees represented by an independent trade union or covered by collective bargaining agreements: 2.2%, representing total permanent employees in the Paris Office, Frankfurt Office, and NY Guild.

Minor restatements have been made to office paper purchased in 2020, and percentage of employees who self identify as having a disability due to flaws in methodology or the management system tracking these datapoints.

This report has been prepared in accordance with GRI Standards: Core option.

Business Ethics Integrity h c a o r p p t n e m e g a n a e c n a m r o f r e c i m o n o c n o i t p u r r o  i t n r o i v a h e e v i t i t e p m o  i t n x a.

All of our direct vendors must adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct, which sets out our principles and the expectations we have of our vendors in conducting their business responsibly, with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

In particular, the Code sets out our expectations with respect to vendor environmental responsibility.

We included new language on net zero as part of the latest update of the document.

We reward our people commensurate with external market comparators, which is above the minimum wage and regulatory minimums.

In 2021, 100% of our eligible employees received a performance review.

Human rights are included in our annual Code of Business Ethics training.

All of our direct vendors must adhere to our Vendor Code of Conduct, which sets out our principles and the expectations we have of our vendors in conducting their business responsibly, with integrity and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

In particular, the Code sets out our expectations with respect to labor standards both in that document as well as our updated Global Human Rights Policy, which are consistent with the UN Universal Declaration on Human Rights and the International Labor Organization’s Core Conventions on Labor Standards.

In 2021 we continued to promote health, safety and wellbeing by providing updated guidance, expanded benefits, training and support services to help our people navigate remote work and the ongoing pandemic.

Our global HSE management system is based on the international standard ISO 45001.

At present we have one location certified to the standard, which is in London.

We seek to certify our world headquarters in New York but was placed on hold due to the ongoing COVID 19 pandemic.

S P Global enjoys a worldwide reputation for integrity, honesty and good faith in all its dealings.

Our Code of Business Ethics sets the highest standards for ethical behavior, and we require all employees to certify that they have read and will abide by its provisions.

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors guides Board members on areas of ethical risk.

See GRI Standards content 102 16 and 102 17 above.

In September 2020, the World Economic Forum (WEF) and its International Business Council released the Stakeholder Capitalism Metrics.

This report was prepared in accordance with the Core metrics and disclosures.

S P Global poses minor impact on land and ecological sensitivity.

For more information please see Biodiversity and Natural Capital, p. 28.

S P Global poses minor impact on water bodies and related habitats.

Our water consumption is reported under Biodiversityand Natural Capital, p. 28.

We reward our people in line with external market comparators, which is above the minimum wage and regulatory minimums.

Our corporate wide Human Rights Policy demonstrates that respecting human rights is a core value and embedded in the way we do business, including our direct activities across our value chain.

Our Vendor Code of Conduct further reinforces human rights, anti slavery and child labor sentiments.

Creating the right conditions to drive innovation remains a critical area.

In 2021 we injected additional resources across technology and data projects.

Machine Hallucination: Nature Studies represents a novel frontier for public art one that sits at the crossroads of art, science and technology, and uses technological and big data advancements to creatively speak to the most pressing challenges of our time.

The paintings are based on Refik Anadol Studio’s long term research into vast datasets of sea surface as well as quantum computation, creating a thematic dialogue with the graphic representation of S P Global’s data plotting and maps on climate change.

The fluidity of the visual patterns represents the many interlocking layers of nature, humanity and technology in our age of global mobility and machine intelligence.