2022  
SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT

A Transformative 
Era of Action

Building a World 
that Works for 
Tomorrow

Our Commitment

We build the technology 
that enables a more 
sustainable tomorrow.

Energy Transition 

~30% 

of the world’s electricity generated with 
the help of GE technology

Future of Flight

3 out of 4 

commercial flights powered  
by GE or partner1 engines

Global R&D
We invest in R&D to build a world 
that works for tomorrow:

$4.2B 

in 2022

GE company-wide (inclusive of GE HealthCare), customer and 
partner funded.

1  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between 
GE and Safran Aircraft Engines; Engine Alliance is a 
50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney.

2  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran 

Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM.

United States
Lowering emissions with 
carbon capture technology 

United States
World's first for the future of 
hybrid electric flight 

The U.S. Department of Energy 
awarded $5.7 million to GE 
Vernova to lead a carbon 
capture technology integration 
project targeting a 95% 
reduction of carbon emissions. 
The study will serve as a 
template for lowering carbon 
emissions for other 7F gas 
power plants worldwide. 

Learn more 

GE Aerospace is the first to test a 
megawatt-class and multi-kilovolt 
hybrid electric propulsion system 
in altitude conditions that 
simulate single-aisle commercial 
flight. It is an important step in 
GE’s work with NASA and Boeing 
to develop a hybrid electric 
propulsion system for flight tests 
later this decade and for entry into 
service in the mid-2030s. 

Learn more 

Ukraine
Emergency power when and 
where it’s most needed

GE Vernova provided crucial 
support to Ukraine during the 
ongoing war, working with 
the United States Agency for 
International Development 
and Tetra Tech by delivering 
a GE TM2500 aeroderivative 
gas turbine. This mobile gas 
generator can power over 
100,000 Ukrainian homes and 
can be trucked to a location 
within weeks.

Learn more 

Poland
Supporting Poland’s 
decarbonization targets

Italy
New European hybrid electric 
technology demonstrator

Greece
Digital twin technology for 
reliable energy

GE’s 9HA.02 heavy-duty gas 
turbine will power Ostroleka C 
combined cycle power plant in 
northeast Poland. The flexible 
and efficient natural gas fired 
plant will enable Poland to 
increase its power supply 
security while continuing to 
phase out coal and expand the 
deployment of renewable and 
nuclear energy resources.

Learn more 

GE Digital’s Asset Performance 
Management Reliability 
application has been selected 
by the first independent 
energy producer in Greece, 
ELPEDISON S.A., to improve 
the reliability of its combined 
cycle fleet. This makes 
ELPEDISON the country’s first 
energy producer to cover an 
entire combined cycle plant 
with digital twin technology.

Learn more 

Avio Aero launched a new 
hybrid electric technology 
demonstration program, called 
AMBER, that supports efforts 
to make air transport more 
fuel efficient by reducing CO2 
emissions. The program is 
funded by the Clean Aviation 
Joint Undertaking, a public-
private partnership between the 
European Commission and the 
European aeronautics industry. 
The demonstrator will study 
integration of hybrid electric 
components with fuel cells for rig 
testing in the mid-2020s using 
Avio Aero’s advanced Catalyst 
turboprop engine.

Learn more 

United States & France
CFM International RISE2 
Program

As part of CFM International’s 
Revolutionary Innovation 
for Sustainable Engines 
(RISE)2 Program, plans were 
announced to flight test 
hydrogen combustion and open 
fan technologies with Airbus 
in the mid-2020s. The CFM 
International RISE Program 
will demonstrate and mature 
a range of new, disruptive 
technologies for future engines 
targeting at least 20% lower fuel 
consumption, which translates 
to 20% fewer carbon dioxide 
(CO2) emissions compared to 
today’s engines.

Learn more 

Puerto Rico 

Egypt

Improving grid resiliency

A hydrogen first for Africa

GE Research, along with GE’s 
Renewable Energy and Digital 
businesses, are working with 
the National Renewable Energy 
Laboratory, LUMA Energy and 
Sandia National Laboratories 
to develop and demonstrate an 
automated power system with 
sensors, software, distributed 
solar and storage, and other 
features that would enable grid 
operators to rapidly restore 
electricity following severe 
weather events.

Learn more 

GE Vernova successfully 
operated a GE LM6000 
aeroderivative gas turbine 
on hydrogen–natural gas 
blended fuel at the Sharm El 
Sheikh Power Plant during 
the 27th Conference of the 
Parties to the United Nations 
Framework Convention on 
Climate Change (COP 27). 
In less than five months, the 
project overcame logistical and 
operational challenges—getting 
hydrogen to the plant and 
building the infrastructure 
for hydrogen distribution and 
blending at the site—all with a 
commitment to safety.

Learn more 

United Arab Emirates 
A milestone for 100% 
Sustainable Aviation  
Fuel

Emirates operated the first 
demonstration flight in the 
Middle East using 100% 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) 
in one of the two GE90 engines 
powering a Boeing 777-300ER. 
The flight supported collective 
industry efforts to help enable 
a future of 100% SAF flying 
and help advance the UAE’s 
sustainability objectives. 

Learn more 

China

Pumped hydro storage

Supported by four GE 300 
megawatt (MW) pumped 
storage turbines, a new 
hydro power plant in Jinzhai 
is now online and providing 
1.2 gigawatt (GW) of power. 
The sustainable giant energy 
storage system will save 
up to 120,000 tons of coal 
and reduce 240,000 tons of 
CO2 emissions every year. 
Worldwide, more than 30% 
of hydro storage plants are 
equipped with GE technology. 

Learn more 

Australia
Identifying inefficiencies at 
30,000 feet 

Qantas Airlines, which 
operates Australia’s largest 
commercial fleet, announced 
plans to implement GE Digital’s 
Airspace Insight solution. By 
using this first-of-its-kind 
tool, which aggregates data 
from air traffic control (ATC), 
airlines, airports, airspace 
designers and communities, 
Qantas can better understand 
what is happening in their 
airspace from both a safety and 
efficiency perspective.

Learn more 

II    |  GE 20 22 SUSTAINABILIT Y RE PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAIN ABILIT Y REPORT  |   III   

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This report contains “forward-looking statements”—
that is, statements related to future events that by 
their nature address matters that are, to different 
degrees, uncertain. For details on the uncertainties that 
may cause our actual future results to be materially 
different than those expressed in our forward-looking 
statements, see https://www.ge.com/investor-
relations/important-forward-looking-statement-
information, as well as our annual reports on Form 
10-K and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q. We do 
not undertake to update our forward-looking 
statements.

NON- GAAP FINANCIAL 
MEASURES
In this report, we sometimes use information 
derived from consolidated financial data but not 
presented in our financial statements prepared 
in accordance with U.S. generally accepted 
accounting principles (GAAP). Certain of these 
data are considered “non-GAAP financial 
measures” under the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission rules. These non-GAAP financial 
measures supplement our GAAP disclosures and 
should not be considered an alternative to the 
GAAP measure. The reasons we use these non-GAAP 
financial measures and the reconciliations to their 
most directly comparable GAAP financial measures 
are included in our annual reports on Form 10-K, 
our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our earnings 
releases.

FACING PAGE 

GE’s next-generation 3.0-3.4 MW onshore wind turbine, 
designed specifically for the North America region.

COVER 

Michael Whalen, Development Assembly Mechanic, GE 
Aerospace; Will Martin, Edison Engineering Development 
Program, GE Vernova; and Alejandra Aragon Gallegos, QA Site 
Leader, GE HealthCare.

Dear Fellow Stakeholders,

2022 marked the beginning of a new era for 
GE. One where we are unleashing our full 
potential as three independent industry 

leaders across energy, flight and health. Our 
~172,0003 employees served customers in 
~170 countries to drive decarbonization 
through the energy transition, create a 
smarter and more efficient future of 
flight, and enable precision care. With a 
commitment to embedding lean more 
deeply, and embracing a culture of 
humility, transparency and focus, we 
are living our purpose every day of 
rising to the challenge of building a 
world that works.  

We successfully launched GE 
HealthCare and are preparing for 
the separation of GE Vernova, our 
portfolio of energy businesses, 
and GE Aerospace sometime 
early in 2024. We did this while 
navigating inflationary pressure, 
geopolitical conflict and global supply 
chain challenges. And in the spirit 
of kaizen, "change to make it better," 
we accelerated a culture of continuous 
improvement that ultimately allows us to 

better serve our customers.

3  

  On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned 
separation of its healthcare business, launching GE 
HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare). As of 
December 31, 2022, GE had ~123,000 employees 
excluding GE HealthCare employees who are now part 
of the standalone company.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  1   

WE RISE TO THE 
CHALLENGE OF 
BUILDING A WORLD 
THAT WORKS

“ It all starts with our unique ability to innovate new technology 
the world needs to address the most pressing sustainability 
challenges. By sharpening our focus on the specific missions 
of each business, we gain more opportunity for GE Vernova to 
electrify and decarbonize the world, for GE Aerospace to invent 
the future of flight and for the newly independent GE HealthCare 
to create a world where healthcare has no limits.”

H. Lawrence Culp, Jr.  
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, GE  
Chief Executive Officer, GE Aerospace

In launching these three independent public companies, we 
are advancing our commitment to sustainability and to GE’s 
more than 130-year legacy of lifting up the quality of life for 
people around the world. By sharpening our focus on the 
specific missions of each business, we gain more opportunity 
for GE Vernova to electrify and decarbonize the world, 
for GE Aerospace to invent the future of flight and for the 
newly independent GE HealthCare to create a world where 
healthcare has no limits. 

Ibrahima Ndiaye is 
helping to modernize 
the electrical grid 
at GE Research’s 
transformer lab in 
Niskayuna, New York.

These are important missions that will have a lasting impact 
on our planet. We are focused on improving our impact on 
our people, communities and planet. Respecting human 
rights around the world has long been a part of our culture of 
unyielding integrity and is embedded in our environmental, 
social and governance priorities. We know the actions we are 
taking today within GE Vernova and GE Aerospace support 
our climate and sustainability goals over the near and long 
term. In this report, you’ll find more detailed discussions 

4 

Including GE and its joint venture partners.

on those actions, including letters from Scott Strazik and 
myself addressing sustainability within GE Vernova and GE 
Aerospace, respectively. 

It all starts with our unique ability to innovate new technology 
the world needs to address the most pressing sustainability 
challenges. At GE Vernova, our technology helps generate 
approximately 30% of the world’s electricity and we have a 
meaningful role to help solve the trilemma of delivering more 
sustainable, reliable and affordable energy. We’re working 
with customers like Kindle Energy in Louisiana to transition 
to hydrogen as a fuel source for power turbines traditionally 
powered by natural gas, and with countries like Vietnam 
to improve the reliability and stability of the electrical grid 
to support renewable sources of energy. We’re bringing the 
world’s only 12+ megawatt wind turbine with three years 
of operating experience—the Haliade-X—to important new 
projects like the Dogger Bank offshore wind farm off the coast 
of England. We’re deploying advanced nuclear technologies 
like our BWRX-300 small modular reactor, which produces 
no carbon during operation, in key markets including North 
America and Europe. And we’re modernizing electrical grids for 
clean energy integration, using our GridOS®, the world’s first 
software designed for grid orchestration. 

At GE Aerospace, nearly 3 billion people flew with our technology 
under wing in 20224. We are continuing our efforts to support 
use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), which is vital to enabling 
the aviation industry to meet its decarbonization goals. The 
revolutionary CFM RISE5 technology demonstration program, in 

GE BY THE NUMBERS

employees served customers

~172,0006
reaching  ~170 countries worldwide to drive 

decarbonization through the energy transition and create a 
smarter and more efficient future of flight.

partnership with Safran, is developing a new engine architecture 
and advanced materials with an aim to reduce fuel consumption 
and CO2 emissions by more than 20% compared with today’s 
most efficient engines. We’re also working with NASA and Boeing 
to mature and fly a megawatt-class hybrid electric propulsion 
system, and announced new flight test programs for open fan and 
for a hydrogen combustion engine with Airbus. And our Avio Aero 
team will lead a European project to test a hybrid electric motor 
powered by hydrogen fuel cells.

The GE team is excited for the path ahead. GE HealthCare 
is already well along its journey, and GE Vernova and GE 
Aerospace will follow sometime early in 2024. I am confident 
that we will achieve our full potential, thanks to our people. 
Our teams are motivated by the respective missions of each 
business, precisely because they are so important to creating a 
sustainable future for the world.

GE Aerospace's 
Tatum Ross 
works on 
a Passport 
engine in 
Evendale, Ohio.

H. L AWRENCE CULP, JR . 
Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer, GE 
Chief Executive Officer, GE Aerospace 

GE Board Member and former U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash 
Carter sadly passed away last fall. We miss him every day and 
again express our deepest sympathies to his wife and family. 
Ash once said to me, “I like the ethos of GE,” and how GE sits 
on the same side of the table with customers when it comes to 
technology and efficient production. I couldn’t agree more. We 
approach our work with our customers as “one team with one 
fight,” as Ash would describe it. That has been true for more 
than 130 years, and we will carry that ethos into our future. 

6  

  On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned separation of its healthcare business, launching GE HealthCare. As of December 31, 2022, GE had ~123,000 employees 
excluding GE HealthCare employees who are now part of the standalone company.

5  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM.

7  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines; Engine Alliance is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney.

We are united by a 
single, urgent purpose 
to help electrify and 
decarbonize the planet: 
because together, we 
have the energy to 
change the world. 

We have equipped

90%

of the  
world’s power 
transmission 
utilities with our 
technology.

We invent the 
future of flight, 
lift people up 
and bring them 
home safely.

Every

2 seconds

a GE or partner7 
powered aircraft 
takes off.

2   |   G E 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y RE PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  3   

2022: A Transformative 
Era of Action

As someone who has focused their career on the environment, energy, 
climate and sustainability for almost 30 years, I’ve never experienced 
so much consensus from governments, companies and NGOs around 
one common theme—action.

2022 marked a tipping point toward accelerating action. Throughout 
the year, we’ve seen three key transformations that are helping to 
solve some of the world’s most pressing sustainability challenges. 
And GE’s own transformation is perfectly timed and aligned to 
ensure success.

ROGER MARTELL A
Chief Sustainability Officer

First, the relationship between governments and companies is 
rapidly reconfiguring toward partnership of shared goals. One key 
catalyst: the United States’ passage of its first climate change 
law—the Inflation Reduction Act—is one of the most impactful 
energy policies in decades and is bringing the government and 
companies together to solve for climate change, energy security and 
supply chain together. Another is the European Union’s RePowerEU 
package, which is helping address the energy market disruption 
caused by Russia’s invasion and promote energy security while 
accelerating the energy transition. Importantly, this is not just a 
U.S. and Europe transformation. We are rapidly expanding our 
engagement with governments—across the Middle East, South 
America, Africa and Asia—to help build a clean energy supply chain 
across the communities in which we operate. 

The work our GE Vernova team has done together to provide 
emergency power to Ukraine, documented on page 14, is perhaps 
the best example of a public-private partnership I’ve seen. 

At GE Aerospace, we’re working with the European Commission’s 
Clean Aviation program and the U.S. Federal Aviation 
Administration’s Continuous Lower Energy, Emissions and Noise 
(CLEEN) program to innovate jet engine technologies and help 
decarbonize the aviation industry.

Second, the urgency of electrification and energy security is 
creating additional incentives to act on climate change. In the last 
12 months, we’ve seen more severe weather events threatening 
energy reliability, risks from cybersecurity, growing variability from 
renewable energy and the need to harden the grid so that other 
sectors can decarbonize through electrification.

All these factors have ignited a sense of urgency of acting today on 
both power generation and grid modernization. While doing so within 
the context of electrification, these investments bring equal benefits 
to decarbonization and climate change goals. Thus, we are increasingly 
seeing action that solves both climate change and the energy 
trilemma—growing access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable 
electricity for the nearly 775 million people who lack access. We 
launched GridOS®, the world’s first grid orchestration software, which 
is designed to enable secure and reliable grid management while 
delivering the resiliency and flexibility needed by utilities worldwide.

Third, we’ve seen a transformation and increasingly unified global 
action plan for climate change. For example, countries like Egypt 
and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are now putting their climate 
commitments front and center in their economic plans. They are 
aggressively pursuing climate change investments as ways to 

advance their economies and inspire a new generation of diverse 
leaders and workforce. We were honored to work in Egypt to run 
a gas turbine on a hydrogen blend for the first time for the African 
continent in 2022, and we’re prioritizing our partnership with the 
UAE, which I believe will emerge in 2023 as one of the world’s 
leaders on innovating technology to decarbonize industrial and 
energy sectors. In addition, members of Air Transport Action Group, 
including GE Aerospace, previously adopted a goal of net zero CO2 
emissions by 2050, confirming the aviation industry’s support of 
the Paris Climate Agreement. We want to enable the world to 
be invested both in cleaner and more affordable energy, and the 
economic benefits with it.

As I reflect on these transformations, I feel fortunate that GE’s most 
significant transformation is aligning at this pivotal time.

With our announcement in 2021 to launch three companies focused 
on critical, growing sectors in energy, aerospace and healthcare, we 
used last year to the fullest—preparing each company to independently 
continue and build upon the legacy of GE’s established ESG program, 
including our climate commitments and ambitions. All GE companies 
operate from the principle that sustainability is a business imperative 
and a necessary condition for long-term growth and success. That 
includes GE Vernova and GE Aerospace, which are, respectively, 
uniquely positioned to lead the energy transition and the future of flight, 
and GE HealthCare, which successfully completed its separation in 
January 2023 and will release its own sustainability report detailing and 
further developing its own ESG strategy and goals. 

I am already a witness to how each of our three businesses are more 
strongly positioned to serve these three critical areas of energy, aviation 
and healthcare through focus. And, importantly, I’m confident in their 
success both for their shareholders as a business and for sustainability 
in innovating the solutions the world most needs to accelerate action.

2022 marked the beginning of a transformative era not only for 
sustainability, but also for GE. One where we are unleashing our full 
potential as three independent industry leaders. With a continued 
commitment to our sustainability priorities and innovation, and 
technology as our North Star, I am optimistic about the path to 
improve our impacts on our people, communities and planet.

ROGER MARTELL A
Chief Sustainability Officer 

Contents

1 

4 

CEO Letter

CSO Letter

6  Our Sustainability Priorities

7  United Nations Sustainable Development Goals

11  About This Report

12  Key Metrics: Our Performance and Priorities

14  GE’s Commitment to the People of Ukraine

PART I
15  Our Innovation and Technology: Propelling GE into a New Era
16 

Innovation Timeline: Tackling the World’s Challenges for 130 Years

18 

20 

Innovating Solutions for the World’s Most Pressing Challenges

Leading the Energy Transition: Electrification and Decarbonization

36  Developing the Future of Flight: Defining Flight for Today, Tomorrow and the Future

48  GE Research: Delivering Innovation to Build a More Sustainable World

PART II
50  Our Process: How GE Operates to Succeed in Our Mission
51 

Board Oversight

54 

58 

60 

63 

65 

67 

Integrated Approach to Strategy, Risk and Sustainability

Lean Management Supporting Sustainability Priorities

Product Safety and Quality

Culture: Leading with Integrity and The Spirit & The Letter

Always with Unyielding Integrity: GE’s Ethics & Compliance Program

Privacy and Cybersecurity

69  Human Capital: Investing in Our People

72 

Advancing Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

PART III
81  Our Commitments: GE Respects Our People, Our Planet and  

Our Communities
Safety

Environment

Climate Change

82 

85 

86 

104  Human Rights

107  Freedom of Association

108  The GE Foundation

4   |  GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y REP ORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  5   

 
Our Sustainability Priorities

Throughout our more than 130-year history, GE has held a larger purpose of innovating technology to lift the quality of 
life for people around the globe—a core driver of sustainability. Sustainability priorities are woven into all that we do, 
including our business strategy, policies, leadership engagement, operating mechanisms, commitments and, ultimately, 
our products. From ensuring more people have access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy, to helping 
people thrive by staying connected to family, friends and economic opportunities, we are committed to making a 
substantial impact on people and the planet for the better.

2022 marked the beginning of a new era for GE. One where we are unleashing our full potential as three independent industry leaders committed to 
energy, flight and health. Our mission to succeed in driving decarbonization through the energy transition and creating a smarter and more efficient 
future of flight is governed by core sustainability priorities built first and foremost on GE’s unique culture of integrity in everything we do. As the 
world changes, we continuously adapt and improve our programs to ensure we succeed in these priorities.

In the spirit of humility, we continuously engage with thought leaders and experts in various fields to learn from them and enhance our program. GE’s 
strong foundation of integrity and lean-oriented culture frame how we make continuous improvements for people, our communities and the planet. 
As our ~172,0008 diverse employees share a common mission to build a world that works, we are focused together on these priorities.

The following pages highlight how our products and innovative technologies work to build a more sustainable world and how our foundational 
culture of integrity, forward-looking strategy and robust sustainability programs help bring these priorities to life.

How Our Strategy 
and Sustainability 
Priorities Align 
with the United 
Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals

The United Nations (UN) Sustainable 
Development Goals (SDGs) are an interlinked 
agenda of 17 objectives to help nations 
address our most pressing global challenges, 
from climate change to inequality. GE 
continues to play a critical role in advancing 
sustainability and quality of life. We have 
been a signatory to the UN Global Compact 
since 2008, and we see close alignment 
between 11 of the 17 SDGs and our business 
strategy and sustainability priorities.

SAFETY OF   
OUR PEOPLE

Culture of 
integrity in all 
that we do

LIFTING UP OUR 
COMMUNITIES 

ENVIRONMENTAL 
STEWARDSHIP

COMMITMENT TO 
HUMAN RIGHTS

DRIVING 
DECARBONIZATION 
THROUGH THE ENERGY 
TRANSITION

SMARTER AND 
MORE EFFICIENT 
FUTURE OF  
FLIGHT

8 

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned separation of its healthcare business, launching GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare). As of December 31, 
2022, GE had ~123,000 employees excluding GE HealthCare employees who are now part of the standalone company.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the 
planned separation of its healthcare 
business, launching GE HealthCare 
Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare). As an 
independent company, GE HealthCare 
embarks on its important mission to create 
a world where healthcare has no limits. 

Across GE, we remain committed to 
protecting the health and safety of our 
workforce and those doing work on our 
behalf across the globe. 

Through our global well-being program, 
HealthAhead, we support GE employees 
and their families in optimizing their 
health and well-being in diverse ways 
that are reflective of their local cultures. 
In recognition of our efforts to make the 
health and well-being of our employees 
one of our top priorities, we received the 
2022 Best Employers: Excellence in Health 
& Well-being Award from the Business 
Group on Health. We were also one of four 
employers honored with the Excellence 
in Global Health & Well-being Award for 
demonstrating a commitment to equity 
reflected in our standard benefits offered 
to our global workforce. 

We have maintained appropriate COVID-19 
precautions and procedures throughout 
the pandemic to ensure the health and 
safety of our employees.

The GE Foundation’s Safe Surgery 2020 
program and its partners continue to make 
an impact in Africa and Southeast Asia. 
Although the $25 million commitment 
concluded in 2020, the program continues 
to increase medical oxygen accessibility 
to patients, supports anesthesia training 
across East Africa, expands medical tele-
education and tele-mentoring for in-service 
training, and strengthens health facilities 
through biomedical technician training.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Safety 
•  Lifting Our Communities

Learn More 
70  Human Capital: Global Well-Being

82 

Safety

108  Our Commitments: The GE Foundation

At GE, our diversity, equity and inclusion 
(DEI) focus is rooted in the belief that diverse 
teams and perspectives are essential to 
building a worlds that works. By working 
together, we can foster an inclusive culture 
that ensures every employee feels accepted, 
respected and a sense of belonging. Gender 
equality is a critical component of GE’s 
commitment to providing a safe, inclusive 
and respectful workplace. We continue to 
provide benefits that support our gender 
diverse workforce, including flexible work 
policies, parental leave and other family 
benefits. While we have improved gender pay 
equity over the past year, our goal remains 
100% pay equity in each of our businesses. 

Our philanthropic efforts also focus on 
advancing gender equality by supporting 
women and underrepresented populations 
in science, technology, engineering and 
math (STEM) fields. GE is honored to be a 
founding partner of the Society of Women 
Engineers (SWE) Corporate Partnership 
Council for 20 years, and several GE senior 
leaders serve in leadership positions 
at SWE and on the Women of Color 
in Engineering Collaborative (WCEC). 
Many GE employees mentor new talent 
or advance their own education and 
networking through SWE, which also 
provides scholarship support. Together, 
SWE and GE are building a strong pipeline 
of female talent that will innovate the 
future with diverse experiences and 
perspectives.

Similarly, in 2022, GE helped to empower 
young people by learning about STEM 
opportunities during two events in the 
Middle East, North Africa and Turkey (MENAT) 
region. Each event gave students a first-
hand look at GE’s technology, sustainability 
initiatives and STEM careers. In addition, 
students worked with GE employees to think 
through and identify innovative solutions 
around sustainability-related issues and 
topics. Events such as these often lead to 
GE mentoring of students, empowering their 
passion to work in careers that help people 
and the planet.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Advancing Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
•  Lifting Our Communities

Learn More
69 

 Human Capital: Investing in 
Our People

72 

 Advancing Diversity, Equity  
and Inclusion

108 

 Our Commitments:  
The GE Foundation

6   |  GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y REP ORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  7   

 
As a company whose technology helps 
generate approximately 30% of the 
world’s electricity, we are committed to 
decarbonizing the energy sector while 
increasing access to more sustainable, 
reliable and affordable electricity. We 
are committed to electrification and 
decarbonization in parallel—growing 
access to electricity, particularly for 
the nearly 775 million people without 
access, while decarbonizing the energy, 
transportation and industrial sectors. With 
some of the most innovative onshore and 
offshore wind turbines, most efficient gas 
turbines, as well as advanced technology 
to modernize and digitize electrical grids, 
GE is uniquely positioned to collaborate 
internationally in a just transition to a 
clean energy economy. As we are helping 
our customers to decarbonize smartly and 
efficiently, we are ensuring we become 
carbon neutral in our own Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions 
by 2030, en route to net zero by 2050 
in our own operations as well as the 
Scope 3 emissions from the use of our 
sold products.

As part of GE Vernova’s commitment 
to helping our customers deliver more 
affordable and cleaner energy, we’ve 
invested in the GT26 High Efficiency (HE) 
Upgrade to provide up to a 2% combined 
cycle efficiency improvement. The upgrade 
lowers the fuel cost per MW and reduces 
CO2 by 5%, which is equivalent to taking 
16,500 cars off the road. The upgrade also 
increases the capability of the GT26 to 
burn up to 40% hydrogen fuel, providing 
future potential to further reduce the 
carbon footprint.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Energy Transition (GE Vernova)
•  Environmental Stewardship

Learn More
20 
Innovation: Energy Transition
86  Our Commitments: Climate Change
86  GE’s Ambition To Be a Net  

Zero Company

We believe there is no such thing as 
sustainable economic growth without 
decent work. We treat everyone affected by 
our businesses and value chain with fairness 
and dignity. In addition to strict prohibitions 
on child, prison and forced labor, we have 
built strong and lasting relationships 
with our suppliers to ensure an ethical 
supply chain.

GE subscribes to all prevailing work laws 
internationally regarding minimum wages. 
GE adopts the Employer Pays Principles 
and prohibits actions associated with the 
most common forms of modern slavery. 
We enforce compliance on working 
conditions at our work sites and conduct 
audits at supplier manufacturing sites 
through our Supplier Responsibility 
Governance program.

The decent work of today begins with 
training for the jobs of tomorrow. We 
believe STEM careers, especially in 
energy and transportation, are helping 
to solve global challenges like climate 
change while also lifting up communities 
through economic opportunities. That is 
why GE continues to support educational 
advancements, mentoring and community 
assistance for students and communities 
at home and abroad.

One key example of this support is 
the Advanced Manufacturing Training 
Expansion Program (AMTEP). Launched in 
2019 with funding through 2025, the goal 
of AMTEP is to triple the training footprint 
by reaching more than 900 high school 
students and adult learners and building a 
more diverse, sustainable, ready-to-work 
pipeline across Massachusetts’ North 
Shore. We are committed to providing high 
school students and adult learners with 
the training and resources they need to 
succeed in STEM careers.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Energy Transition (GE Vernova)
•  Human Rights
•  Future of Flight (GE Aerospace)
•  Safety

Innovation: Energy Transition
The Spirit & The Letter
Safety

Learn More
20 
64 
82 
104  Our Commitments: Human Rights
105  Our Commitments: Ethical 

Supply Chain

From the beginning, research has played 
a critical role in our business strategy. We 
continue to develop technologies that 
have raised the quality of life for people 
around the world. Today we are focused on 
innovating technologies that will propel the 
global energy transition and future of flight. 

For example, GE Research launched 
a new Technology Incubation team 
at its Niskayuna, New York, research 
campus to enhance our green innovation 
commercialization efforts in the private 
sector. The CAGE (Climate Action@GE) Lab 
is developing unique systems for post-
combustion carbon capture and direct 
air capture (DAC), which remove carbon 
from flue gas and the air, respectively. 
The goal is to enable an economical, 
large-scale solution for helping customers 
and companies decarbonize. Looking to 
the future of flight, GE Research’s hybrid 
electric aviation team is partnering with 
the Advanced Research Projects Agency 
for Energy (ARPA-E) on three projects to 
develop the powertrain, power generation 
system and cabling to enable a carbon 
neutral hybrid electric propulsion system 
that is suitable for supporting a 150-200 
seat narrow body commercial airplane.

Our innovation doesn’t end with creating 
breakthrough technologies. Our programs 
for redeveloping brownfields, Superfund 
and other contaminated sites are also 
creating the infrastructure of tomorrow 
by helping to turn idle properties into new 
hubs of economic growth, job creation, 
needed housing and more. For example, as 
part of GE’s former Lighting manufacturing 
business, we leased a site near Yogyakarta, 
Indonesia, from the Sambirejo Village 
Administration for solid waste storage (i.e., 
broken glass from lamp manufacturing). 
Following GE’s exit from the site, we worked 
closely with regulators and the village to 
incorporate the construction of a soccer 
pitch into the final site restoration plans.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Energy Transition (GE Vernova)
•  Future of Flight (GE Aerospace)
•  Environmental Stewardship

Learn More
15 
48  GE Research: Delivering Innovation 

Innovation

to Build a More Sustainable World

85  Our Commitments: Environment

101  Environmental Justice and 

Brownfields

In 2021, we developed product 
stewardship and circularity goals to 
take responsibility for the impacts of our 
products across their full lifecycle. Over 
the last year, new Life Cycle Assessments 
(LCAs) were conducted and more than 
100 personnel in over a dozen different 
functions assessed the progress of existing 
circularity and product stewardship 
initiatives and drafted objectives 
and roadmaps to further incorporate 
circularity and stewardship steps into the 
business strategy.

For example, as part of the ZEBRA (Zero 
wastE Blade ReseArch) consortium, LM 
Wind Power produced its first 100% 
recyclable blade at the Ponferrada plant 
in Spain in early 2022. The 62-meter blade 
was built using a unique thermoplastic 
resin. The resin can be readily utilized in 
other industries as material compounds 
and can also be depolymerized and reused 
in the production of new blades. 

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Product Stewardship

Learn More
97 

 Our Commitments: Product 
Stewardship

101  Environmental Justice and 

Brownfields

GE’s respectful workplace policies are 
the foundation of our commitment 
to a diverse workforce and inclusive 
workplace. Through our membership with 
the Leadership Group for Responsible 
Recruitment, we also adopted the Employer 
Pay Principle to remove inequities and 
help prevent exploitation of vulnerable 
worker populations.

We believe education is a significant driver 
of economic inclusion and continue to 
partner with multiple organizations to 
provide STEM training and education to 
diverse communities around the world. 
With a focus on increasing the diversity 
of young people in engineering, the GE 
Foundation’s Next Engineers program 
facilitated more than 8,300 student 
engagements in 2021 and 2022. 

The GE Foundation’s Developing Health 
Globally (DHG) program continues 
to provide benefits to underserved 
communities, helping to reduce global 
health inequalities. Since its launch in 
2004, DHG has invested $145 million to 
train more than 2,000 healthcare workers 
in many disciplines, including biomedical 
technicians across 16 countries.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Lifting Our Communities
•  Human Rights

Learn More
15 

Innovation

72  Diversity, Equity and Inclusion

104  Our Commitments: Human Rights

108  Our Commitments: The GE Foundation

GE 2021 Diversity Report

As cities and communities around the world 
decarbonize, GE's diverse energy offerings 
help provide utilities, power producers, 
grid operators and policymakers with the 
technology and services they need to meet 
their climate and sustainability goals. We 
continue to advance our environmental, 
health, safety and other sustainability 
goals in the cities and communities in 
which our employees and customers 
live and work, while at the same time 
providing job opportunities that support 
community development.

For example, GE Research, along with GE’s 
Renewable Energy and Digital businesses, 
are working with the National Renewable 
Energy Laboratory, LUMA Energy and 
Sandia National Laboratories to develop 
and demonstrate an automated power 
system with sensors, software, distributed 
solar and storage, and other features that 
would enable communities in Puerto Rico 
to rapidly restore electricity following 
severe weather events.

In 2023, GE launched GridOS®, the world’s 
first end-to-end software portfolio 
designed to help create the clean energy 
grid of the future. The platform and 
application suite enable secure and 
reliable grid management while delivering 
the resiliency and flexibility needed by 
utilities worldwide.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Energy Transition (GE Vernova)
•  Environmental Stewardship

Learn More
20 

Innovation: Energy Transition

50  Our Process: How GE Operates to 

Succeed in Our Mission

97  Our Commitment: Product 

Stewardship

101  Environmental Justice and 

Brownfields

8   |  GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y REP ORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  9   

We continue to make progress toward 
our goal of achieving carbon neutrality 
within our own operations (i.e., Scope 1 
and 2 emissions) by 2030. Our businesses 
continue to make operational investments 
in energy efficiency, reducing emissions 
from the grid through smart power 
sourcing and using lean practices to 
eliminate energy waste. As of 2022, Scope 
1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions are 
down 28% compared to the 2019 baseline. 
We are also progressing on our ambition 
to be net zero by 2050, including for the 
Scope 3 emissions associated with the 
use of our sold products. We continue to 
provide updates on the path to our net 
zero ambition across GE Vernova and 
GE Aerospace.

At the same time, we continue to play 
an important role globally in helping 
our customers reach their climate and 
sustainability goals while working with 
partners to electrify and decarbonize as 
part of the global transition to a clean 
energy economy. Throughout 2022, we 
continued to engage in the public domain 
to advance thought leadership on how the 
energy sector can achieve climate goals 
in line with the Paris Climate Agreement 
(including participating in COP27) and to 
help formulate and support policies that 
advance a just transition and sustainability 
goals globally.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Energy Transition (GE Vernova)
•  Future of Flight (GE Aerospace)
•  Environmental Stewardship

Learn More
20 

Innovation: Energy Transition

32, 44 

Scope 3

86  Our Commitments: Climate Change

We promote respect for fundamental 
human rights as outlined in our Human 
Rights Statement of Principles and the 
principles contained in the Universal 
Declaration of Human Rights. We released 
our GE Human Rights Report in 2022 to 
provide greater transparency into how 
we run our Human Rights program, from 
our suite of governance documents to 
our Supplier Due Diligence program. Our 
human rights and respectful workplace 
policies extend from our own employees 
to those of our suppliers and to the 
communities affected by our operations 
and business relationships. We treat 
everyone affected by our business and 
value chain—including employees, 
suppliers and their workers, customers and 
communities—with fairness and dignity.

We believe access to more sustainable, 
reliable and affordable energy helps to 
strengthen infrastructure and promotes 
stable prosperous societies. For example, 
half of India’s new wind energy generation 
capacity in 2022 was powered by GE’s 
locally developed and manufactured 2.7-
132 wind turbine that is ideal for India’s 
low wind speed regime. A major portion 
of the additional 900 MW was set up to 
help industries in their decarbonization 
journey and has the potential to generate 
enough electricity to power over 290,000 
Indian households. The 2.7-132 turbine 
was developed by engineers at our John F. 
Welch Technology Center in Bengaluru, and 
is manufactured at GE’s multimodal factory 
in Pune in western India, with blades being 
manufactured at LM factories located in 
the states of Gujarat and Karnataka.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Human Rights
•  Culture of Integrity

Learn More
63 

Culture of Integrity

104  Our Commitments: Human Rights

2021 GE Human Rights Report

The scale of our operations, combined 
with our longstanding partnerships with 
civil society groups, industry associations 
and governments around the world, allow 
us to advance sustainability globally. 
We are founding members of the Global 
Business Initiative on Human Rights and 
an active member in organizations such 
as the Leadership Group for Responsible 
Recruitment and the UN Global Compact 
(including the Human Rights and Business 
Dilemmas Forum).

At COP27 in 2022, GE announced our 
founding membership in the Corporate 
Coalition for Innovation & Technology 
toward Net Zero (CCITNZ), which will 
help countries meet decarbonization and 
climate change goals through innovation 
and technology. We are joined by Bechtel, 
GM, Honeywell, Invenergy and Johnson 
Controls in this cross-sector business 
alliance.

Following the adoption by the Air Transport 
Action Group (ATAG) of net zero emissions 
by 2050 ambition, the International Civil 
Aviation Organization, in 2022, adopted a 
similar long-term net zero by 2050 goal. 
GE and CFM International9 are funding 
members with representation on the 
Board of Directors of ATAG. GE Aerospace 
is also a member of the U.S. Aerospace 
Industries Association, which has a similar 
commitment for commercial aviation 
manufacturers to work with airline 
customers and governments to achieve net 
zero emissions by 2050.

Business and Priority Alignment
•  Energy Transition (GE Vernova)
•  Future of Flight (GE Aerospace)
•  Human Rights
•  Environmental Stewardship

Learn More
86  Our Commitments: Climate Change

104  Our Commitments: Human Rights

2021 GE Human Rights Report

9  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company 
between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

About This Report

This report covers the environmental, social and governance 
(ESG) activities of GE, primarily for 2022. In certain places, it 
also describes how we are propelling GE into a new era as 
we progress our plans to launch GE Vernova, our portfolio of 
energy businesses, and GE Aerospace as industry-leading, 
global, investment-grade public companies. This report allows 
us an opportunity to deepen existing conversations with our 
stakeholders about our sustainability programs.

In addition to the UN SDGs, we have considered three key 
sustainability reporting frameworks as we developed this 
report: (1) the Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) framework, (2) industry-specific standards 
from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
and (3) the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (Core). 
TCFD, SASB and GRI indices can be found here.

GE’s Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Inventory follows the World 
Resources Institute/World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WRI/WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A 
Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition 
(the Protocol). GE utilizes the Protocol for all definitions, 
assumptions and calculations discussed in this document 
unless explicitly stated otherwise, reporting under the 
“operational control” approach. To learn more about our 
Greenhouse Gas Inventory and Energy Inventory process 
methodology, see Appendix I in our 2022 Sustainability 
Report Appendices.

As described below on page 51, the GE Board of Directors 
(Board) exercises oversight and provides direction on GE’s 
sustainability strategy, and the Governance & Public Affairs 
Committee in coordination with the Audit Committee oversees 
external reporting on sustainability matters, including this 
report. While the contents within this report have not been 
externally assured, both internal and independent external 
resources have reviewed the information and data within for 
quality, completeness and accuracy.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the previously announced 
separation of its healthcare business into a separate, 
independent publicly traded company, GE HealthCare 
Technologies, Inc. (GE HealthCare). This report covers GE 
Vernova and GE Aerospace only, except where otherwise 
noted. GE HealthCare will be releasing its own 2022 
sustainability report.

10  |   GE 20 22 SUSTAINABILIT Y RE P ORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  11   

Key Metrics: Our Performance and Priorities

As an active participant and signatory to the UN Global Compact since 2008, we understand we play a role in helping achieve a better future for 
all by creating a more sustainable world. To put this in action, we apply the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to help frame our 
program and practices. Our ESG performance in 2022 and priorities for 2023 and beyond align with the identified UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) to help address the identified societal challenges. In 2022, we are proud the suite of our key ESG metrics trended in positive directions.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the previously announced separation of its healthcare business into a separate, independent publicly traded 
company, GE HealthCare Technologies, Inc. (GE HealthCare). This report covers GE Vernova and GE Aerospace only, except where otherwise noted. 
GE HealthCare is included in this section, the 2022 Key Metrics: Our Performance and Priorities.

TOP I C

BA SELIN E

2020

2021

2022

UN SD G

Financial Performance ($M)

Total Revenues
Adjusted Revenues1
Profit (loss) (GAAP2)
Adjusted Profit1
CFOA3 (GAAP2)
Free Cash Flows1
Total Research and Development4
Diversity and Inclusion5 (pages 72-80)

GE U.S. Workforce, all employees
Total Race & Ethnic Minority6
Asian
Black/African American
Hispanic/Latinx
American Indian/Alaskan Native
Native Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
Multiracial
Disability (U.S.)7
U.S. Veteran Status7
Global Female Representation per Category
Female Representation, All Employees
Female Representation, Professional Employees8
Female Representation in Leadership9
Human Rights: Supplier Responsibility Program10 (pages 104-106)
Total Global Audits11
Total Suppliers Approved12

New Suppliers
Existing Suppliers
Supplier from Acquisition

Total Suppliers Rejected12

New Suppliers
Existing Suppliers
Supplier from Acquisition

Total Findings13
Percentage of Findings per Category
Health & Safety
Environment

Emergency Preparedness

Human Rights & Labor

Dormitory Standards

Conflict Minerals

Security / Other14

Audits per Region

China

India

North and South America

Europe, Middle East & Africa

Rest of Asia

$75,833
$72,969
$5,970
$2,246
$1,025
$635
$3,820

$74,196
$71,090
$(3,683)
$4,608
$888
$1,889
$3,685

$76,555 
$73,602 
$1,412
$5,835 
$5,864
$4,758 
$4,242 

24.1%
8.7%
6.8%
6.5%
0.3%
0.2%
1.6%

21.9%
26.2%
26.0%

1,286
1,039
433
553
53
71
62
8
1
7,348

29%
31%

21%

16%

<1%

2%

<1%

41%

28%

13%

9%

9%

24.2%
8.5%
6.7%
6.8%
0.3%
0.1%
1.7%
3.7%
10.1%

22.3%
26.5%
27.2%

1,115
966
220
726
20
26
13
13
0
6,031

31%
31%

20%

14%

<1%

1%

3%

38%

27%

18%

8%

10%

25.2%
8.5%
7.1%
7.3%
0.3%
0.2%
1.9%
3.2%
10.2%

22.8%
26.9%
29.5%

1,233
1,014
222
772
20
44
30
14
0
6,482

31%
34%

16%

13%

<1%

1%

6%

34%

27%

18%

8%

13%

TOP IC
Safety (pages 82-84)

BA S EL INE

20 2 0

2 02 1

2 02 2

U N SD G

Injury & Illness Total Recordable Rate15
Days Away from Work Incident Rate16
Fatalities—Employees (Count)17
Fatalities—Contractor Workers (Count)18
Environmental Stewardship (pages 32-35, 44-47, 85-88, 100)

Environmental Performance
ISO 14001 Sites
Global Penalties Paid (in $ thousands)
Spills & Releases (Count)
Air Exceedances (Count)19
Wastewater Exceedances (Count)
Climate Change and Energy20
GE Operational GHG Emissions (million metric tons of 
CO2 equivalent) (market based)21

Scope 1 Emissions (million metric tons of  
CO2 equivalent)
Scope 2 Emissions (million metric tons of 
CO2 equivalent) (market based)

Direct SF6 Emissions (thousand metric tons 
CO2 equivalent)
Scope 3 Net Emissions from sold products (million 
metric tons of CO2) (net, new units, absolute)

GE Aerospace22
GE Vernova23

GE Operational Energy Use (MWh)20
Total Electricity (MWh)
Renewable Energy Used (MWh)
Water
Total Freshwater Use (billions of gallons)
Once-Through Cooling Freshwater (billions of gallons)
Lifting Our Communities (pages 108-116) ($M)
GE Company Contributions via GE Businesses and the 
GE Foundation
Employee and Retiree Contributions

Total GE “Family” Giving

Total Contributions as a Percentage of 
GE Revenue

0.53
0.29
3
4

97
25
24
10
11

1.90

0.73

1.16

138

0.60
0.32
0
4

111
63
27
1
35

1.81

0.74

1.07

131

0.47
0.21
0
3

148
13
19
3
18

1.63

0.67

0.96

105

2.27

7,370,000

5,870,000
3,040,000
53,000

28
477
5,990,000
3,030,000
63,100

34
320
5,670,000
2,950,000
141,000

5.12
1.85

4.93
1.69

4.29
1.30

$44.9

$34.9

$44.2 

$16.8

$61.7

0.08%

$9.4

$44.3

0.06%

$9.1 

$53.3 

0.07%

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8 
9 
10 
11 

Non-GAAP financial measure.
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles.
Cash from Operating Activities. 
GE, customer and partner funded.
Data representative of GE’s workforce as of December 31, 2022, inclusive of GE HealthCare, extracted January 12, 2023.
System exports show percentages out to several decimal points. Due to this precision, totals may not sum due to rounding differences.
2021 first year reported.
Professional accounts for all active non-production employees, excluding leadership.
Leadership encompasses the most senior 1.5% of all active employees.
Beginning with the 2020 metric year, our supply chain metrics reflect changes and improvements in GE’s Supplier Responsibility Governance (SRG) program.
The number of Total Global Audits is greater than total suppliers reviewed as some suppliers were audited twice (i.e., desktop audit due to COVID-19 restrictions 
followed by on-site visits) or there were return visits to confirm corrective actions were completed. For more information on GE’s Supplier Responsibility Governance 
(SRG) program, see pages 105-106.

12  New metric reported in 2020 from Supplier Responsibility Governance program and audits.
13 

Findings identified vary from policy improvements to process changes. GE tracks all issues to closure with verification such issues were properly addressed. GE will 
suspend or terminate a relationship should the supplier fail to implement adequate measures as required by the corrective action plan.

14  Other includes findings not allocated to a category or relate to quality findings identified during Supplier Responsibility Governance audit.
15  Number of injury and illness cases globally per risk population year to date, based on 100 employees working 200,000 hours annually, as measured against OSHA 

recordability criteria. 

16  Days Away from Work Incident Rate uses the OSHA calculation for recordable days away from work cases (transfer or restricted cases are excluded), based on 

100 employees working 200,000 hours annually.

17  GE employees, leased workers, wholly owned affiliate employees and majority-owned, joint-venture employees.
18  Workers under GE EHS coordination which may include GE-hired contract workers, consortium partner workers and sub-contractors.
19 
20 

Increase from 2021 to 2022 due to minor, unrelated incidents across global operations.
Per the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol, GE adjusts its 2019 base year GHG and energy data annually to reflect changes in structure or calculation methodology, 
improvements in accuracy of emission factors or activity data, and discovery of error. Interim years are not adjusted except upon discovery of significant error. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions may not sum to total due to rounding.
For more details on GE Aerospace’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 44-47, Appendix II in our 2022 
Sustainability Report Appendices.
For more details on GE Vernova’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 32-35, Appendix II in our 2022 
Sustainability Report Appendices.

21 
22 

23 

12  |   GE 20 22 SUSTAINABILIT Y RE P ORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  13    

 
 
  
 
Ukraine
GE’s Commitment to the People of Ukraine

A GE TM2500 
aeroderivative gas 
turbine is delivered 
to Ukraine to 
provide emergency 
power. 

The resolve and courage of the Ukrainian people are an inspiration to the world. As a GE team, we proudly stand with our employees, our customers and all 
those impacted by the crisis.

Ukrainian Minister 
of Energy German 
Galuschenko (right) with 
GE Chief Sustainability 
Officer Roger Martella 
at the Partnership for 
Transatlantic Energy and 
Climate Cooperation.

SUPPORTING THE UKRAINIAN GRID
Aligning with our efforts to assist in maintaining and rebuilding 
Ukraine’s electric grid, a GE TM2500 aeroderivative gas turbine was 
shipped to Ukraine from Arizona on a Ukrainian Antonov cargo plane. 
The portable turbine was purchased by USAID, the United States 
government’s humanitarian and foreign aid agency, to help support 
emergency power needs in the country. 

The mobile gas generator can generate enough electricity to power 
the equivalent of more than 100,000 Ukrainian homes and can be 
trucked to a location and attached to a damaged power plant, or 
hooked directly into the electrical grid, within a few weeks. This effort 
was made possible by a partnership between Ukraine and the U.S., and GE was fortunate to contribute to this crucial cause. Learn more 

SUPPORTING EUROPE AND EUROPEAN CUSTOMERS
While the war in Ukraine is first and foremost a humanitarian catastrophe for the people in Ukraine, the Russian invasion has also caused an energy crisis, 
particularly in Europe. In May 2022, the European Union introduced the RePowerEU package to help address the energy market disruption caused by Russia’s 
invasion. The package is focused on saving energy, diversifying energy supply, accelerating clean energy rollout, and investment and reform measures to 
achieve independence from Russian fossil fuels by 2027.

GE supported its customers and other European stakeholders on this significant shift. For example:
•  Our Grid Solutions business unveiled innovative technology at the 2022 CIGRE Biennial Session in Paris, France, to showcase how we are helping address 

the biggest challenges facing the grid, specifically modernization, decarbonization, digitization and electrification. Learn more 

•  GE researchers developed a cutting-edge artificial intelligence/machine learning tool that could save the global wind industry billions of dollars in logistics 

costs over the next decade. Learn more 

•  Our Gas Power team worked with countries like Germany to evaluate current power market design and associated risks against climate target and energy 

security objectives. Learn more 

SUPPORTING UKRAINIAN COMMUNITIES
The GE family has also provided philanthropic support to the people of Ukraine, which includes more than $6 million in medical equipment, humanitarian 
support and contributions.

Early in the conflict, GE HealthCare donated $4 million in healthcare equipment, including handheld ultrasound devices, mobile X-ray units, ventilators and 
patient monitors. In November 2022, GE HealthCare announced an additional $1 million donation of life-saving ultrasound and monitoring equipment to 
Ukraine. Learn more 

Through the GE Foundation, an independent charitable organization funded by GE, we made a $500,000 donation to two organizations to bring immediate 
and long-term support to refugees and relief organizations on the ground, including $400,000 to the International Rescue Committee and $100,000 to Airlink. 
Learn more 

Additionally, the GE Foundation’s Matching Gifts program enabled employees to contribute to relief efforts, doubling their support by matching their donations 
1-to-1. As of May 2023, these funds increased our impact by nearly $520,000 including employee donations and matching gifts.

SUPPORTING UKRAINIAN REFUGEES
Under an intensive six-month Ukraine Refugee Support program, GE offered cost reimbursements and paid time off to employees who opened their homes to 
refugees and helped provide necessities such as food, medicine and clothing. Approximately 360 GE employees made use of the program, amounting to more 
than $300,000 in reimbursements.

GE VOLUNTEERS OPEN HEARTS AND HOMES TO 
UKRAINIANS
GE employees across Europe have come together to establish a 
network of volunteers and design creative ways to help with the 
ongoing humanitarian crisis. They’ve gathered donations of food 
and hygiene products, supported local charities and even hosted 
Ukrainian families in their own homes.  Learn more 

14  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

PART I 

|  OUR INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY

Propelling GE into  
a New Era

For 130 years, people have counted on GE to “find out what 
the world needs… and try to invent it,” as our founder Thomas 
Edison famously said. This has never been more important.

From the first commercially viable lightbulb to the Haliade-X, 
the first offshore wind turbine certified at 14.7 MW, and the 
GE9X, the world’s largest and most powerful aircraft engine, 
GE has pioneered technologies spurring world-transforming 
changes and improving the lives of billions.

2022 marked the beginning of a new era for GE. One where we 
are unleashing our full potential as three independent industry 
leaders committed to innovation and technology as our North 
Star. Our employees serve customers and communities in ~170 
countries and are passionate about solving the world’s most 
pressing sustainability challenges in energy and flight.

This is the impact of GE—every day our people rise to 
the challenge of building a world that works—driving 
decarbonization through the energy transition and creating a 
smarter and more efficient future of flight.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  15    

INNOVATION TIMELINE
Tackling the World’s Challenges for more than 130 Years

ENAB LI NG  A  BE T T ER   
QUALIT Y O F LI F E

INN OVATING  TECH NOL OG IE S  A ND 
RED EFIN IN G WH AT ’S  P OSS IB LE

BUILDING A MORE SUS TAINABLE   
TOMORROW

1910
First electric 
range
GE improves life in 
the kitchen with the 
first electric range. 

1927
First home 
television 
reception
The first home 
television reception 
takes place in 
Schenectady, New 
York, with a signal 
from GE’s radio 
broadcast station.

1879
First 
commercially 
practical 
incandescent 
lamp
Edison invents the 
first commercially 
practical 
incandescent 
lamp.

1896 
X-ray machine
A rich tradition of 
GE breakthroughs 
in medical imaging 
begins with the 
demonstration 
of stereoscopic 
Roentgen pictures.

1942
First U.S. jet 
engine, the I-A
GE builds the first 
U.S. jet engine, the 
I-A, which is used 
to power America’s 
first successful jet 
aircraft for military 
use, the Bell XP-59 
Airacomet.

1957
First U.S. licensed 
nuclear reactor
GE reactor becomes 
first privately owned 
and operated nuclear 
power plant to 
deliver electricity 
to the grid in 
Vallecitos, California. 

1969
Technologies for 
first moon landing
GE supplies a variety 
of technologies for 
the first landing on 
the moon, including 
engineering support, 
test facilities and 
the silicone for 
Neil Armstrong’s 
boots. 

1992
Mars Observer
GE builds the Mars 
Observer for NASA, 
which will study Martian 
geology and climate 
while mapping the 
planet’s surface.

1995
GE90 aircraft engine
GE introduces the 
GE90, the first certified 
jet engine to include 
components made of 
lightweight carbon fiber 
composites. The use of 
composites substantially 
reduces engine weight 
and enables higher 
standards for fuel burn 
and emissions. 

1983
MRI
GE scientists develop 
the SIGNA 1.0 
Magnetic Resonance 
Imaging (MRI) System, 
which produces 
images of soft tissues 
difficult to image by 
X-ray methods.

1962
World’s first LED
Building on Robert 
Hall’s solid state laser, 
Nick Holonyak Jr. 
demonstrates the 
world’s first light 
emitting diode (LED) 
at GE Research in 
Niskayuna, New 
York. LEDs enable 
solid state lighting, 
which uses 85% 
less electricity than 
conventional lighting.

2002
Wind power 
business
GE continues 
its focus on 
sustainable 
energy by 
entering the wind 
power business.

2009
Vscan
Vscan, a handheld, 
pocket-sized 
ultrasound 
technology, helps 
doctors deliver 
expanded care 
to more people, 
including in rural 
regions.

2015
HA  turbine
GE introduces HA, 
the world’s largest 
and most efficient 
heavy duty gas 
turbine. The turbine 
offers industry-
leading operational 
flexibility and 
builds upon the 
legacy of jet 
engine technology 
pioneered at GE 
Research during the 
early 20th century.

2016
Clinical Command 
Center
GE launches the first 
artificial intelligence 
(AI) powered, real-time 
optimization system 
at The Johns Hopkins 
Hospital. In 2020, the 
system’s efficiency 
benefit at Tampa 
General Hospital was 
equivalent to taking 
3,900 cars off the road.

CFM LEAP aircraft 
engine
The CFM LEAP1 
engine application for 
single-aisle aircraft 
entered service with 
the first ceramic 
matrix composites 
and 3-D printed parts 
in the hot section 
of a commercial 
aircraft engine. The 
engine’s unique 
design and materials 
make it 15% more 
fuel efficient than its 
predecessor. It is also 
quieter and produces 
fewer emissions.

2018
Leading nuclear 
redesign
GE Hitachi Nuclear 
Energy is selected by 
the U.S. Department 
of Energy to lead a 
team simplifying 
nuclear reactor 
design, reducing 
plant construction 
costs and lowering 
operations and 
maintenance costs 
for the BWRX-300, 
a 300 megawatt 
electric (MWe) small 
modular reactor.

2019
Offshore 
wind turbine
The first Haliade-X 
wind turbine 
prototype is installed 
in Port of Rotterdam 
in the Netherlands. 
In 2021, Haliade-X 
became the 
industry’s first 14 
MW offshore wind 
turbine.

2020
GE9X aircraft engine
With some of GE’s 
most advanced engine 
technologies, the GE9X  
is certified and designed  
to deliver up to 10% 
greater fuel efficiency 
than its predecessor, 
with nitrogen oxide 
(NOx) emissions 55% 
below current regulatory 
requirements.

2022
Onshore wind
GE introduced its next-
generation 3.4 MW 
onshore wind turbine. 
Designed specifically 
for North America, it 
delivers high-capacity 
factor with balance 
of plant simplicity, 
improved logistics 
and reliable, bankable 
performance.

2021
Edison
Edison Digital Health  
Platform is a vendor- 
agnostic hosting and 
data aggregation 
platform in development 
with an integrated AI 
engine. It will enable 
hospitals and healthcare 
systems to effectively 
deploy the clinical, 
workflow, analytics 
and AI tools to support 
the improvement 
of efficiency and 
care delivery.

2023
World-first grid 
orchestration 
software
GE launched GridOS®, 
the world’s first end-to-
end software portfolio 
designed to help create 
the clean energy grid of 
the future. The platform 
and application 
suite enables secure 
and reliable grid 
management while 
delivering the resiliency 
and flexibility needed by 
utilities worldwide. 

16  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

1 

The LEAP engine is a product of CFM International, a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  17    

Innovating Solutions for the World’s 
Most Pressing Challenges

Electrification and 
Decarbonization
Climate change is an urgent global priority. 
At the same time, energy demand is 
increasing, the importance of energy security 
is elevated, and nearly 775 million people 
are without access to reliable power. As a 
company whose technology helps generate 
approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, 
we have a responsibility to lead the industry’s 
decarbonization efforts and help solve the 
trilemma of delivering more sustainable, 
reliable and affordable energy.

GE Vernova is committed to building and 
delivering state-of-the-art technology to help 
reduce emissions today while investing in 
breakthrough technologies for a lower carbon 
future. Our energy businesses provide powerful, 
integrated solutions with the most innovative 
onshore and offshore wind turbines, most 
efficient gas turbines, as well as advanced 
technology to modernize and digitize electrical 
grids. Beyond delivering technology the world 
needs today, we are equally focused on the 
important role of building the breakthrough 
technologies the world will need in the future, 
including small modular nuclear reactors, 
carbon capture, utilization and sequestration 
(CCUS), and low and zero carbon fuels, such as 
hydrogen, for new and existing gas plants.

Unless otherwise noted, statistical references to “GE 
Vernova” refers to the sum of data and information 
from GE’s Renewable Energy & Power reporting 
segments, without giving effect to eliminations and 
corporate adjustments. On a stand-alone basis, 
GE Vernova will include GE’s portfolio of energy 
businesses and its Digital business.

1  GE, customer and partner funded.

2  Jointly developed with TerraPower.

EMPLOYEES ~36,000

2022 REVENUE  $12,977M

2022 R&D1  $540M

TECHNOLOGY SPOTLIGHT The first commercial scale offshore wind installation 
in the U.S., Vineyard Wind 1, will be powered by GE’s Haliade-X turbines, the only 
12+ MW offshore wind turbine that has been operating for over three years and 
is helping accelerate offshore wind growth in North America and Europe. GE’s 
newest 3.4 MW onshore wind platform offers next generation innovation, ease 
of installation and reliability to bring more renewable energy to more places. 
GE’s state-of-the-art high voltage direct current (HVDC) transmission system will 
transmit power from the Sofia Offshore Wind Farm, one of the world’s largest 
offshore wind farm projects, which will generate enough renewable energy to meet 
the electricity needs of almost 1.2 million average U.K. homes once operational. GE’s 
pumped storage solutions represent more than 30% of the world’s pumped storage 
plants and more than 6,000 MW of projects are under development around the 
globe to create a path for more sustainable, reliable and cleaner energy generation.

POWER

MISSION Powering lives and making electricity more affordable, reliable, 
accessible and more sustainable

UNITS Gas Power, Steam Power, Power Conversion, Nuclear & Other

INSTALLED BASE ~7,000 gas turbines, representing 800+ GW of gas power; 
41 nuclear power plants worldwide representing 40 GW carbon free power 
generation; over 1,200 hybrid and electric ship power systems

EMPLOYEES ~32,000

2022 REVENUE  $16,262M

2022 R&D1  $383M

TECHNOLOGY SPOTLIGHT World-record setting HA and Aeroderivative 
turbines are the most efficient gas turbines and key force multiplier to accelerate 
decarbonization. Leading Arabelle™ steam turbines in 53 GW of existing nuclear 
fleet generate 2% more power output than traditional configuration with 
99.96% reliability. Developing advanced nuclear technology, like the BWRX-300 
small modular reactor and Natrium™2, will provide carbon free electricity during 
operation, dependable base load and flexible capacity helping customers meet 
energy security and decarbonization goals.

RENEWABLE ENERGY

AEROSPACE

MISSION Making renewable power sources more affordable, reliable and accessible 
for the benefit of people everywhere

UNITS Onshore Wind, Offshore Wind, Grid Solutions Equipment and Services, 
Hydro Solutions, Hybrids Solutions

INSTALLED BASE ~54,000 wind turbines and 7,500+ hydro units equipped with 
GE technology, representing 400+ GW of renewable energy

MISSION Providing customers with engines, components, avionics and systems 
for commercial, military, business and general aviation aircraft, and a global 
service network to support these offerings

UNITS Commercial Engines and Services, Military, Systems & Other

INSTALLED BASE ~40,900 commercial aircraft engines3 and ~26,100 military 
aircraft engines

EMPLOYEES ~45,000

2022 REVENUE  $26,050M

2022 R&D1  $1,965M

TECHNOLOGY SPOTLIGHT The world’s largest and most powerful aircraft 
engine, the GE9X, is also the most efficient engine we have ever built on a 
per-pounds-of-thrust basis. The culmination of our renewed commercial engine 
product line, the GE9X is designed to deliver up to 10% greater fuel efficiency 
than its predecessor, with emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOx) 55% below 
current regulatory requirements. The CFM LEAP4 engine for single-aisle aircraft 
features the first ceramic matrix composites (CMCs) and 3-D printed parts in 
the hot section of a commercial aircraft engine. The engine’s unique design and 
materials make it 15% more fuel efficient and produce 15% fewer emissions 
than its predecessor. 

GE9X jet engine 
on GE Aerospace’s 
flying test platform.

Future of Flight
GE Aerospace is helping define flight for 
the next generation with industry-leading 
technology to reduce GHG emissions.

Advancements in aerodynamics, engine 
architecture and materials technology for GE 
and CFM International5 product lines have 
resulted in today’s aircraft engines consuming 
40% less fuel and emitting 40% less CO2 than 
engines manufactured in the 1970s and 1980s. 
However, we cannot be satisfied with the pace 
of progress from the past.

We are currently developing the next suite 
of engine technologies—including advanced 
architectures such as open fan, hybrid electric 
and electric propulsion concepts, and advanced 
thermal management concepts—that offer the 
potential to achieve at least a 20% additional 
improvement in fuel efficiency compared to 
today’s state-of-the-art, single-aisle aircraft 
engines. For example, GE Aerospace and Safran 
unveiled a bold technology development 
program in June 2021 called the CFM RISE6 
(Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable 
Engines) Program, which will demonstrate and 
mature a range of new, disruptive technologies 
for future engines that could enter service by 
the mid-2030s. GE Aerospace is also supporting 
industry initiatives to approve and adopt 
100% Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) and is 
partnering on a flight demonstration program 
to test zero carbon hydrogen fuel combustion.

18  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  19    

3 

Including GE and its joint venture partners.

4  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

5  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

6  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

LEADING THE ENERGY TRANSITION
Electrification and 
Decarbonization

GE’s portfolio of energy businesses, now called GE Vernova, is helping 
the energy sector solve for the energy trilemma of sustainability, 
reliability and affordability. As a company whose technology helps 
generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, we have 
a meaningful role to play in the energy transition and a strategic 
imperative to electrify and decarbonize the world. In 2023, there is 
tangible momentum to solve climate change and propel the energy 
transition forward. In the United States, the passage of the Inflation 
Reduction Act (IRA) and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act 
(IIJA) provides policy support and tax credits designed to accelerate 
the energy transition and energy security.

SCOTT STRAZIK
CEO, GE Vernova

As we work to decarbonize the energy sector with urgency, 2022 
elevated the importance of energy security with unexpected and 
painful clarity. From extreme weather events globally, the Russian 
invasion of Ukraine and global economic retrenchment, energy 
security has emerged to join aspects of the energy trilemma as the 
most critical elements for successful energy ecosystems. 

At GE Vernova, we see the goals of decarbonization and 
electrification as mutually inclusive. Any progress in advancing the 
energy transition and combatting climate change must also advance 
energy security at the same time.

These policy and secular industry tailwinds will unlock a massive 
ramp of investment and execution, beginning now and increasing in 
the coming decade of action—and GE is uniquely positioned to work 
with our customers to lead this effort.

GE believes the energy transition will require increased 
decarbonization and electrification of the power generation sector— 
lowering the carbon intensity of electricity itself as other sectors 
such as heavy industry, transportation and buildings look to the grid 
to achieve their decarbonization goals. Gains in lower carbon power 
generation from wind, solar, nuclear, sequestered or hydrogen- 
powered gas turbines, hydroelectric power or other sources also rely 
on proper investment in the grid system to ensure we are locking 
in progress toward both goals. This electrification imperative is 
elevating the importance of investment in the electricity grid system 
itself, including both hardware and software enhancements, to deal 
with added stresses and opportunities to manage the variability of 
more renewable electrons, growing threats to the grid and increasing 
energy demand worldwide.

GE Vernova is being built as a company to lead the energy transition 
and is on track to separate from GE sometime in early 2024. 
GE Vernova will be guided by its purpose statement—the energy to 
change the world—and is on the front lines of combatting climate 
change. GE Vernova will lead this effort through a dedicated board 
of directors, focused investor base and unified R&D mission. As a 
company, GE Vernova’s businesses will include Power, Wind and 
Electrification, which will include our Digital business, reflecting the 
macrotrends present in our industry and our broader conviction 
that the energy transition will require a diverse suite of technologies 
and solutions.

Within Power, our focus will be on delivering the reliable, dispatchable 
and increasingly sustainable electricity the world requires across 
our Gas Power, Hydro Power, GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy and Steam 
Power businesses. These businesses support technologies that 
provide a sizable percentage of the world’s dispatchable electricity 
capacity today and will continue to focus on decarbonizing and 
meeting the rapidly growing demand for electricity—expected to 
double by 2050. Importantly, these businesses include critical energy 
transition breakthroughs we must realize, from small modular nuclear 
reactors and hydrogen fuels, to carbon capture and gas turbine 
efficiency upgrades. Retooling and retrofitting thousands of power 
plants to provide reliable, lower-emitting electricity will require years 
of dedicated effort to extend the lives of these essential assets.

For Wind, our focus will be to restore the financial vitality and stability 
of this business while meeting the unprecedented growth in demand 
for onshore and offshore wind turbines over the coming decades. At 
GE, we begin with the fundamental principles by leading first with 
safety and then with quality and we are doing so in Wind—particularly 
as we move into the industry’s ramping growth in the coming years. 
Whether working at heights or in our manufacturing settings, safety 
comes first for our team, our customers and our suppliers as wind 
energy moves toward greater industrialization, cost discipline and 
enhanced supply chain rigor to continue to grow stably to meet 
the climate challenge. Next, product quality means ensuring these 
machines run and produce the carbon free megawatts we need for 
years to come; to that end, we announced we’re simplifying and 
standardizing our onshore wind portfolio into what we call workhorse 
products, so we and our suppliers can implement more repeatable 
manufacturing processes, and thereby enhance overall product quality 
and reduce cost. To grow, we must ensure the long-term stability of 
the ecosystem of wind energy and position ourselves to deliver these 
crucial technologies at the massive scale that will be required.

Electrification is often understated as a keystone of the energy 
transition; without massive investment in both the hardware and 
software infrastructure of the grid system, the necessary changes 
to generation will not be possible. At GE Vernova, our Electrification 
business will be focused on bringing together the innovations of 
the latest software to manage, monitor and improve the grid. As 
industries turn to electrification as a decarbonizing element, we 
must ensure the grid can reliably meet this added stress with 
enhanced resilience.

For Digital, we deliver the platforms and intelligent applications 
necessary to accelerate electrification and decarbonization across 
the energy system—from where power is created, to how it is 
orchestrated, to how it is consumed. More than 20,000 customers 
around the globe—in industries such as energy, manufacturing 
and aviation—use our software to help plan, manage and optimize 
operations today for a more sustainable tomorrow.

In 2022, we introduced GE Vernova to the world. Our efforts this 
year—and through the planned spin-off as an independent company 
in 2024—will set up this energy transition leader to operate from a 
position of strength and deliver for our customers and communities. 
Our sustainability vision is to power the transition to a low carbon, 
resilient and fairer world. We believe our own carbon intensity, 
including efforts to reduce our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, will be a core 
key performance indicator of our own success as a business. 

We pursue these efforts not because we are compelled to, but 
because we must. We believe the electrification and decarbonization 
of the world is a noble cause. We must slow and ultimately reverse 
the effects of climate change. We think this is one of the world’s 
greatest challenges and, with it, one of the world’s greatest 
investment opportunities. 

To GE Vernova’s customers, employees and stakeholders, we 
appreciate your support and full engagement in this generational 
challenge and opportunity. We look forward to leading with you.

Our Technologies Today
As a company whose equipment helps generate approximately 30% of 
the world’s electricity, we take seriously our role to lead the industry’s 
decarbonization progress and help solve the trilemma of delivering  
more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy.

The energy trilemma

THE ENERGY TRILEMMA
Reliable 
(Resilient & Secure)

Affordable

Sustainable

Our energy businesses provide powerful, integrated solutions with some 
of the most innovative onshore and offshore wind and hydropower 
turbines, most efficient gas turbines, as well as advanced technology 
to modernize and digitize electrical grids. We strongly support the Paris 
Agreement commitments and other ambitious targets to reduce energy 
sector emissions. At GE, we are leading by example. We are making 
progress to become carbon neutral in our own operations by 2030 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and we set a further ambition for GE to 
be a net zero company by 2050 for the Scope 3 emissions from the use 
of sold products. For more information on the steps we are taking, see 
pages 86-88.

GE’s products and services are crucial to helping the world decarbonize. 
As utilities, power producers, grid operators and policymakers around 
the world set their own decarbonization goals for the power sector, GE’s 
diverse offerings will help them achieve their targets. To that end, we are 
helping to reduce emissions today and driving deeper decarbonization by:

•  Deploying renewables as fast as possible. We offer one of the 

broadest renewable energy portfolios in the industry and help grow 
capacity as rapidly as possible by continuing to bring down the cost 
of onshore and offshore wind energy and leveraging our offerings in 
battery storage and hydropower.

•  Accelerating emissions reductions with state-of-the-art gas 

turbines. We look to the most efficient gas turbine technology—with 
strong methane controls on upstream development—as providing 
a solid foundation that becomes a force multiplier for building a 
renewable energy infrastructure and a destination technology for 
certain markets in the energy transition.

•  Supporting the existing global nuclear fleet. With innovative 

digital solutions and technology upgrades, we are increasing carbon 
free output while reducing costs.

•  Modernizing, decarbonizing and digitizing the grid. We are 
modernizing the physical grid to enable the integration of more 
renewable energy, while meeting increased demand. We are also 
reinforcing the network to withstand the growing threat of more 
severe weather and cyber risks. Our software is also essential to 
building a modern and clean energy grid. For example, GridOS®—the 
world’s first grid software portfolio designed for grid orchestration—
integrates energy data, network modeling and AI-driven analytics 
together across the grid to power a suite of composable applications 
that enable secure and reliable orchestration of electrons from 
generation through consumption.

•  Innovating breakthrough technologies. GE is working with 

customers and partners to innovate a wide range of breakthrough 
technologies for a lower carbon future, including hydrogen as a 
fuel, carbon capture and sequestration systems, and small modular 
nuclear reactors to accelerate the energy transition.

Our Ambition to Achieve Deep Decarbonization While Strengthening Power.  
We Can Succeed with These Mutually Achievable Goals.

RAPIDLY  REDUCE EM ISSIONS
Drive energy sector emissions 
down as quickly as possible by:

Accelerating renewables to  
the fullest, fastest extent.

Utilizing gas with methane controls
as a force multiplier for renewables.

Innovating hydrogen and carbon 
capture to decarbonize gas. 

Developing small modular reactor and 
other breakthrough technologies.

INCREASE  GRID RESILIENCE:
Decarbonizing energy and increasing 
grid resilience are mutually achievable 
through physical and digital solutions that:

•  Enable more renewable 

deployment.

•  Increase resilience from 

growing threats.

•  Provide near-term jobs, 
economic opportunity.

20  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  21    

 
GE’s energy businesses work together toward meeting the world’s energy demand with less carbon intensity over time.

WIND HIGHLIGHTS

ELECTRIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS

•  Power includes Gas Power, Hydro Power, Nuclear and Steam Power. Gas Power is engineering advanced, efficient natural-gas-powered 

technologies and services, along with decarbonization solutions that will help electrify a lower carbon future. Hydro Power offers advanced 
technologies that harness the power of water to deliver reliable power to the world’s largest economies and remote communities. Nuclear is one of 
the world’s leading providers of advanced reactor technology, fuel and nuclear services. Steam Power is delivering a broad portfolio of technologies 
and services that help nuclear, industrial and coal power plants deliver reliable power as they transition to a lower carbon future.

•  Wind includes Offshore Wind, Onshore Wind and Wind Turbine Blades. Offshore Wind is one of the world’s leading offshore wind energy and 
services provider, with proven performance up to 14MW. Onshore Wind is harnessing onshore wind energy potential with a comprehensive 
family of smart, modular turbines that are uniquely suited for a variety of wind environments. Through LM Wind Power, Wind Turbine Blades is an 
industry-leading designer and manufacturer of advanced, high-quality, reliable rotor blades for onshore and offshore wind turbines with a global 
manufacturing footprint and blade services solutions.

•  Electrification includes Grid Solutions, Power Conversion and Solar & Storage Solutions. Grid Solutions is a global provider to power utilities 

and industries for the critical equipment, systems and services they need to bring power reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to 
the point of consumption. Power Conversion is applying the science and systems of power conversion to help drive the electric transformation of 
the world’s energy infrastructure. Solar & Storage Solutions is integrating innovative technologies in renewable generation and energy storage to 
deliver flexible, reliable and intelligent solutions to enable the energy transition.

•  Digital is enabling the digital transformation with software that accelerates grid modernization and decarbonization across the energy ecosystem—

from where power is created to where it is consumed.

POWER HIGHLIGHTS

SUPPORTING EMERGENCY POWER AND 
LOWERING EMISSIONS EVEN DURING EXTREME 
WEATHER EVENTS

GE Vernova’s portable aeroderivative gas turbines offer a range 
of possibilities to address growing energy security needs and 
risks to grid reliability. They can run on natural gas or diesel, as 
well as Sustainable Aviation Fuel blends.

Six GE Vernova LM2500XPRESS aeroderivative gas turbines are 
expected to provide nearly 200 MW of fast emergency power to 
the Electricity Supply Board’s existing North Wall Power Plant in 
Dublin, Ireland. The temporary reserve power plant will provide 
backup power for the next three years’ winter seasons (2023-
2026). Learn more 

DELIVERING MORE AFFORDABLE AND 
CLEANER ENERGY

As part of GE Vernova’s commitment to helping our customers 
deliver more affordable and cleaner energy, we’ve invested in 
the GT26 High Efficiency (HE) Upgrade to provide up to a 2% 
combined cycle efficiency improvement. The upgrade lowers the 
fuel cost per MW and reduces CO2 by 5%, which is equivalent 
to taking 16,500 cars off the road. The upgrade also increases 
the capability of the GT26 to burn up to 40% hydrogen fuel, 
providing future potential to further reduce the carbon footprint.  
Learn more 

DRIVING THE COAL-TO-GAS TRANSITION TO 
REDUCE CO 2 EMISSIONS 

ENABLING RENEWABLES INTEGRATION WHILE 
MAINTAINING STABLE POWER

Powered by two new GE Vernova 7HA.02 gas turbines and two 
GE Vernova H65 generators, Tampa Electric Company (TECO) 
completed the first phase of its coal-to-gas modernization strategy 
at the Big Bend Power station in Florida. By replacing existing 
50-year-old, coal fired units at the 1,090 MW power plant and 
switching to natural gas, Big Bend Power Station’s CO2 emissions 
will be reduced by 67% per MWh of electricity generated, and lower 
emissions levels for other pollutants such as mercury, nitrogen 
oxides, sulfur oxides and particulate matter. Learn more 

The 1,260 MW Dania Beach Clean Energy Center is powered 
by two of GE Vernova’s 7HA.03 gas turbines, the largest, most 
efficient and flexible 60 hertz gas turbine currently in operation 
globally. Dania Beach Clean Energy Center replaced an aging 
power plant and now produces the equivalent electricity needed 
to power ~250,000 South Florida homes with around-the-clock 
power, reducing emissions by 70% compared to the previous 
plant, and helping enable Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) to 
continue America’s largest solar expansion. Learn more 

HALIADE TM-X OFFSHORE WIND TURBINES

GE Vernova has invested more than $400 million to develop 
its offshore wind turbine. Our Haliade-X prototype in the 
Netherlands has been operating for over three years and is 
the first turbine to receive a full type certificate at 14.7 MW. 
Learn more 

The ability to produce more power from a single turbine means 
fewer turbines need to be installed at each wind farm. The 
Haliade-X 14 MW will make its commercial debut at the Dogger 
Bank C offshore wind farm, more than 130 kilometers off the 
northeast coast of England. The Haliade-X is also the only 12+ 
MW offshore wind turbine that has been operating for over three 
years, giving us tangible experience operating the turbine in 
different conditions at different output levels. Learn more 

In December 2022, we signed a strategic partnership agreement 
with Hyundai Electric to work together to serve the South 
Korean offshore wind market. Under the terms of the agreement, 
Hyundai Electric will serve as a manufacturing associate to 
help localize assembly of the Haliade-X offshore wind turbines 
and generators in South Korea. The agreement will enhance 
our ability to serve local customers, create significant local 
economic benefits, and establish a local supply chain ideally 
suited to serve the growing offshore wind market in South 
Korea and potentially beyond in the Asia Pacific region (APAC). 
Learn more 

ONSHORE WIND

GE Vernova’s newest onshore wind turbine was introduced in 
2022. Designed specifically for the North America region, the 
3.4 MW turbine is based on GE Vernova’s bestselling 2 MW 
platform, which recently surpassed 30 GW of installed base 
globally. Offering next generation innovation, the turbine brings 
continued reliability and utilizes GE Vernova’s revolutionary 
two-piece blade, designed to improve logistics and installation. 
From siting to execution to operations, this turbine is designed 
to offer customers continued quality and stability, helping them 
capture even more wind energy while also improving wind farm 
economics. Learn more 

GE’s ROLE IN CONNECTING RENEWABLE ENERGY 
TO THE GRID

GE Vernova’s Grid Solutions business and BOND Civil & Utility 
Construction have been awarded a contract from Empire 
Offshore Wind, a joint venture between Equinor and bp, to 
supply a state-of-the-art digital onshore substation and high 
voltage electrical systems for the offshore substation for Empire 
Wind 1, one of New York’s first offshore wind farm projects. 
Once operational, the wind farm will power more than 500,000 
New York homes. Learn more 

HELPING IMPROVE GRID STABILIT Y IN GERMANY

GE Vernova’s Static Synchronous Compensator (STATCOM) 
technology will improve grid stability in Germany following an 
order from transmission system operator, 50Hertz Transmission 
GmbH, for one of their substations in Bad Lauchstädt. This 
technology provides grid operators with reactive power 
compensation and an improved range of operational voltage, 
reducing the risk of grid disruptions. Learn more 

POWERING FORWARD TO BRING U.S. LNG TO THE 
GLOBAL MARKET

GE Vernova’s Grid Solutions and Power Conversion businesses 
will supply technology to energy technology company Baker 
Hughes for Venture Global’s Plaquemines liquefied natural gas 
(LNG) export facility. GE Vernova’s technology will power the 
overall liquefaction system Baker Hughes is providing for the 
Plaquemines export facility, Venture Global’s second project to 
bring U.S. LNG to the global market. Learn more 

22  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  23    

DIGITAL HIGHLIGHTS

ACCELERATOR HIGHLIGHTS

TAMPA ELECTRIC ACHIEVING EMISSIONS 
REDUCTIONS GOALS WITH SOF T WARE

TRANSFORMING SORGENIA’S APPROACH TO 
MAINTENANCE

For Tampa Electric Company (TECO) to achieve its emissions 
reductions goals by 2025, solar is going to need to play a major 
role. The utility serves a region without resources like wind or 
nuclear energy, making solar the primary energy resource for 
achieving lower emissions in the future. The Asset Performance 
Management (APM) software from GE Vernova’s Digital business 
provides TECO with data on the status of all their solar plants. It 
also allows TECO to prepare for weather events that may impact 
solar generation, like cold fronts and cloud cover. In addition, APM 
helps inform facility maintenance timetables and equipment 
availability across the utility’s fleet of utility-scale solar plants, 
resulting in less uncertainty and more reliability. Learn more 

The leading digital energy company in Sorgenia, Italy, uses 
our Asset Performance Management Reliability application 
deployed in the cloud to maximize the reliability and efficiency 
of its state-of-the-art, combined-cycle gas turbine power plants. 
According to the company, the software has given them insights 
to better plan maintenance around annual outages, specifically 
at their Termoli and Modugno plants. Doing so allows them to 
avoid unnecessary downtime on critical assets such as heat 
recover steam generators or condensers, which in turn allows 
them to operate at higher efficiency and satisfy their more than 
450,000 customers’ need for electricity. Learn more 

HELPING UTILITIES ACCELERATE GRID MODERNIZATION

Our Digital business signed a multiyear strategic collaboration agreement with Amazon Web 
Services, Inc. (AWS) aimed at helping utilities accelerate grid modernization. Through this 
collaboration, we plan to deliver intelligent grid orchestration solutions to help utilities digitally 
transform, modernize the power grid and accelerate the energy transition. With GridOS®, our new 
grid operating software portfolio, we are working with AWS to enable cloud solutions designed to 
be secure, quick to deploy, and reduce operational and infrastructure costs for energy organizations. 
New Zealand-based Vector Limited has successfully deployed our Advanced Distribution 
Management Solution (ADMS) on Amazon Web Services Outposts. Learn more 

Thought Leadership in the Energy Transition

DRIVING THE FUTURE DOCUMENTARY
In 2022, we introduced a new three-part video series on the role 
hydropower plays in the energy transition called Driving the Future. For 
a look at what we are already doing with hydropower, renowned Swiss 
adventurer and clean energy advocate, Bertrand Piccard, teams with 
science journalist, Sam Pauly, to set out on an epic 1,000 kilometer 
journey across Switzerland. The duo travel the whole way using only 
electric vehicles and visit several of the hydropower plants that produce 
the country’s green electricity. This isn’t simply a story about zero 
carbon vehicles and hydropower; it’s about reimagining the way we 
live, travel and consume, applying existing technology and accelerating 
the energy transition so we can overcome humanity’s 
greatest challenge. Bertrand and Sam’s Swiss adventure 
proves the potential of this approach. As Bertrand puts 
it, “change is needed, and the solutions are already in 
our hands—the race is on!” Watch here 

GE ENERGY FINANCIAL SERVICES: PUTTING ITS MONEY IN ITS MISSION AS A LEADING INVESTOR IN WIND 
POWER PROJECTS THAT HELP DECARBONIZE THE GRID

Achieving 2050 net zero goals cannot be done without simultaneous electrification and decarbonization. 
For example, zero carbon emitting electric vehicles and heat pumps can have a reduced impact if they are 
powered by fossil fuel electricity sources. To accelerate progress, we must lead by bringing more renewable 
energy generation sources online as fast and as feasible as possible.

Beginning in 2006, GE Energy Financial Services (EFS), GE’s energy investment franchise, was at the 
forefront of growing a very nascent wind industry and built a track record of investing more than $19 billion 
in renewable energy projects globally. This includes the delivery of over 125 million MWh of carbon free 
electricity from wind power to the U.S. grid, measured through earned production tax credits7, which now 
powers the equivalent of 735,000 homes per year.8 

Since inception,
 EFS has invested over 

$19 
billion 

in renewables globally. 

EFS is a leading tax equity investor in U.S. wind power with a portfolio today of over $1 billion, including 2022 
investments that are estimated to generate over 5.7 million MWh8 of carbon free electricity. It is through activity like this that the wind 
industry collectively grows, expands and evolves. Each carbon free MWh generated by our investments helps create a cleaner electrical 
grid to be used by and for the benefit of all people. EFS has been and continues to be focused on this shared customer goal through its 
investment activity supporting the development, construction and operation of wind power generation projects.

The passage of the Inflation Reduction Act is expected to result in an imbalance in supply and demand for tax equity, which we view as a 
barrier to growing the renewable energy industry and accelerating decarbonization efforts. EFS is working to bridge the financing gap for 
customers through direct investments, strategic partnerships and relationships that enable the financing and successful commercialization 
of renewable energy projects.

GE ENERGY CONSULTING

GE’s power systems experts work with our customers to help solve some of the world’s toughest technical and economic problems, enabling 
technology integration and shaping the energy transition. With our cross-company resources, GE Energy Consulting is able to serve a 
diverse global client base with a strong local presence. From decarbonization planning and renewable technology integration, to energy 
investments and grid stability studies, our dedicated team of resources from across GE Vernova dive into the current and future challenges 
of our energy infrastructure, the implications of renewable penetration and the latest energy supply and delivery technologies. Learn more 

One recent example is the “Small Clean Power Plant Adaptation Study” for the New York Power Authority (NYPA). GE Energy Consulting and 
the Energy and Environmental Economics, Inc. (E3) examined the potential for battery storage development at NYPA’s Small Clean Power 
Plant (SCPP) sites. The analysis builds off a growing body of literature that has examined opportunities to replace peaker plants with battery 
storage and detailed a first-of-its-kind approach to examining storage replacement opportunities over time as New York makes progress 
towards achieving the state’s Climate Act requirements. Learn more 

CUTTING CARBON PODCAST
One of the most dynamic and informative conversations taking place  
on climate change technology is GE’s Cutting Carbon podcast where  
co-hosts Dr. Jeffrey Goldmeer and Brian Gutknecht talk through the 
factors at play today as well as the journey ahead. The award-winning 
podcast sits on the iHeartRadio’s list of top podcasts in the “climate” 
category and has reached nearly 100,000 downloads since its inception.

In 2020, we launched the podcast with our first four seasons focusing 
on climate change and the basics of decarbonization9, the pathways 
to decarbonize gas, complementary technologies contributing to 
the energy transition and how regions around the world are driving 
decarbonization.

In December 2022, we launched season six to dive deeper into the 
energy transition landscape, examining the critical role infrastructure 
plays in supporting and sustaining innovative technologies. Over the 
course of the season, the team talked through Independent System 
Operators (ISOs) being the air traffic controllers of the power generation 
world, took a look back to move forward with lessons learned over the 
years from the digital grid, explored the world’s largest source of energy 
storage with pumped hydro, learned how captured carbon makes its 

way to a storable location, recognized the important role 
water plays in our energy systems, and tied it all together 
by examining the relationship between government 
policy and the energy industry. Listen here 

24  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  25    

7  Certain renewables projects qualify for federal income tax credits that are calculated based on electricity production measured in kWh; as evidenced by our 

tax filings, EFS has earned production tax credits for its investments over the years for 125 million MWh.
8  Based on average U.S. home usage of 10,632 kWh per year (Source: US Energy Information Administration).

 
Innovating Breakthrough Technologies
GE Vernova has one of the most important roles to play in delivering the technology the world needs to make progress today to reduce greenhouse 
gas emissions while simultaneously innovating breakthrough technologies to succeed in the energy transition. The achievement of deep 
decarbonization goals over the coming decades is likely to depend in part on technologies which are still being developed and have yet to be 
deployed or widely adopted. Together with our partners, we are working on hydrogen as a fuel, carbon capture and sequestration, superconducting 
generators for wind turbines with no rare earth materials, advanced nuclear power and additive manufacturing. GE’s history of innovation has 
prepared us to support the global energy transition in ways that are as equitable as they are efficient.

DECARBONIZING GAS TURBINES THROUGH HYDROGEN AND CARBON CAPTURE AND SEQUESTRATION
GE Vernova is investing today in innovation to decarbonize gas turbines 
in the future. Decarbonizing a gas turbine requires the supply of a 
low carbon fuel (e.g., hydrogen) and/or the capturing of carbon from 
the exhaust for transport offsite. GE Vernova is investing in both 
decarbonization pathways to ensure we have multiple solutions for our 
customers and the world to fulfill carbon reduction commitments.

7HA gas 
turbine 
compressor.

Our HA turbines can already work with up to 50% hydrogen/natural 
gas mix. We have more than 120 gas turbines worldwide using 
hydrogen blends for power generation with about 8.5 million operating 
hours in aggregate. Work is underway to extend the capability to 
100% hydrogen in these machines by the end of the decade. There is 
significant and growing interest in hydrogen as a substitute for fossil 
fuels, driven by decarbonization goals. In 2022, we were awarded 
multiple funding grants from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) 
to accelerate the path towards 100% hydrogen combustion in gas 
turbines. In May 2022, we were awarded two projects totaling more 
than $12 million to develop and test key components required for 
high hydrogen combustion. In July 2022, DOE’s Advanced Research 
Projects Agency for Energy (ARPA-E) recognized the value of developing 
alternative methods to boost the efficiency of gas turbines powered 
by fuel blends with high percentage of hydrogen by awarding GE $4.2 
million. In October 2022, we were awarded $6.6 million to develop 
breakthrough technologies to help achieve 100% hydrogen combustion 
in GE Vernova’s F-Class gas turbines. 

Renewable energy, such as low-cost wind power, will play a major 
role in the supply of green hydrogen which could ultimately rival 
renewable energy demand for power applications. Our Wind 

GE’S HYDROGEN TRACK RECORD

businesses have the hybrid optimization capabilities and wind power 
domain expertise needed to tailor power output and ensure efficient 
utilization of the electrolyzer assets, playing a key role in this significant 
emerging market.

In addition, GE Vernova is in close collaboration with multiple strategic 
partners on the development and execution of a gas turbine carbon 
capture and sequestration system. GE Vernova is currently working 
on multiple studies to optimize the integration of these existing 
technologies focusing on affordability, reliability and flexibility, and a 
small footprint to deliver this critical technology to the market. 2022 
was a critical year on this journey as the U.S. DOE Office of Fossil 
Energy and Carbon Management awarded us additional funding 
focused on carbon capture, utilization and storage (CCUS) for power 
generation applications.

120+ 
units

running on hydrogen 
fuel blends10

8.5M+

operating hours

Pathway toward

100%

hydrogen capacity by 
the end of the decade

50 
years

of hydrogen  
experience 

HYDROGEN:  
Developing 100% hydrogen fuelstream

COLL ABORATING WITH SHELL ON LNG 
DECARBONIZATION PATHWAY

SUPPORTING LOUISIANA’S ENERGY TRANSITION WITH 
HYDROGEN CAPABILITIES

With global liquefied natural gas (LNG) demand projected to almost 
double by 2040, GE Vernova’s Gas Power business is collaborating 
with Shell Global Solutions to develop potential lower carbon solutions 
aiming to reduce the carbon intensity of Shell’s LNG projects around 
the world. Together, we will work to accelerate the deployment of 
pragmatic and impactful solutions towards high hydrogen capabilities 
in Shell’s gas turbine fleet resulting in a significant reduction of carbon 
emissions and water utilization globally. Learn more 

Following the successful commercial operation launch of Dania Beach 
Energy Center, Kindle Energy, LLC, has ordered GE Vernova’s 7HA.03 
combined cycle gas turbine to equip its Magnolia plant in Louisiana. 
This turbine will be initially fueled by natural gas, with capabilities to 
use up to 50% hydrogen as it becomes more available in the area. Upon 
completion, the Magnolia plant is expected to be the most efficient 
plant in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) South 
system. Learn more 

CARBON CAPTURE, UTILIZATION AND STORAGE (CCUS):  
Carbon capture provides pathway to lowering carbon emissions from power generation

In 2022, our Gas Power business signed various memoranda of understanding (MoUs) with leading utilities and organizations across the world to 
develop and lead a carbon capture roadmap.

Our Gas Power business and Korea’s leading engineering, procurement 
and construction (EPC) company, DL E&C Co. Ltd. and its subsidiary, 
CARBONCO, a company specialized in decarbonization, agreed to 
jointly explore a roadmap for carbon capture technology integration 
with natural gas combined cycle plants in Asia and Oceania, powered 
by GE Vernova’s technology. Learn more 

QatarEnergy and our Gas Power business will collaborate on 
developing a carbon capture roadmap for the energy sector in Qatar. 
The focus of the MoU is to explore the feasibility of developing a world-
scale carbon hub at Ras Laffan Industrial City, which as of today, is 
home to more than 80 GE gas turbines. Learn more 

10  GE H2 statistics as of September 2021, inclusive of both heavy-duty and aeroderivative gas turbines.

26  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  27    

ADVANCED NUCLEAR: 
Providing carbon free electricity during generation 

Nuclear power is critical to decarbonizing the energy sector and achieving the net zero 
carbon emission goals of the Paris Climate Agreement. We are investing in advanced 
nuclear technologies like GE Hitachi’s BWRX-300 small modular reactor (SMR) and 
Natrium™ to provide carbon free, flexible, dispatchable electricity during generation.

The BWRX-300 SMR is a key pillar of GE Vernova’s energy transition leadership. The BWRX-300 produces no carbon during operation and has 
been designed to achieve construction and operating costs that are substantially lower than traditional nuclear power generation technologies. 
Moreover, the BWRX-300 is 10% the size and complexity of a large nuclear project, offering a smaller physical footprint and ability to be sited in more 
locations. The BWRX-300 can be constructed in 24-36 months utilizing modular and open-top construction techniques proven in Japan. A single 
SMR has the capability to power approximately 300,000 U.S. homes with a power plant footprint that’s smaller than the size of a U.S. football field. 
Initial deployments are planned in Canada, with construction that could be completed in late 2028, and in Poland in the early 2030s. GE Hitachi has 
memoranda of understanding or other agreements in place with companies in Canada, Czech Republic, Estonia, Poland, U.K., U.S. and Sweden. 

In partnership with TerraPower, GE Hitachi is also developing Natrium™, a cost-competitive, sodium fast reactor coupled with a molten salt-
based integrated energy storage system. This innovative addition allows a Natrium™ plant to integrate seamlessly with renewable resources and 
could lead to faster, more cost-effective decarbonization of electricity generation. Kemmerer, Wyoming, was selected as the preferred site for the 
Natrium™ reactor demonstration project. Learn more 

BWRX-300 A KEY PILL AR OF GE’S ENERGY 
TRANSITION LEADERSHIP
GE Hitachi joined three key customers—Tennessee Valley 
Authority, Ontario Power Generation and Synthos Green 
Energy—to announce an unprecedented public-private 
partnership to advance the global deployment of its BWRX-300 
small modular reactor. GE Hitachi is committed to standard 
design development and anticipates a total investment of around 
$400 million associated with the development. Learn more 

OTHER BREAKTHROUGH TECHNOLOGIES

100% RECYCL ABLE BL ADE 
PRODUCED AND TESTED

As part of the ZEBRA (Zero wastE Blade 
ReseArch) consortium, LM Wind Power 
produced its first 100% recyclable 
blade at the Ponferrada, Spain, plant 
in early 2022. The 62-meter blade was 
built using a unique thermoplastic 
resin, creating high value for the end-
of-life thermoplastic composite blade 
material. It can be readily utilized in 
other industries as material compounds, 
and can also be depolymerized and the 
resin reused in the production of new 
blades. The prototype also passed tests 
at LM Wind Power’s in-house facilities in 
Denmark. Learn more 

EFFECTIVE INERTIA METERING 
& FORECASTING FOR GREAT 
BRITAIN’S ELECTRICIT Y NET WORK

National Grid Electricity System Operator 
(ESO) has deployed GE Digital’s ground-
breaking Metering & Forecasting solution 
in production across Great Britain’s 
electricity network. Inertia is a critical 
factor as it keeps a grid running when a 
generator suddenly disconnects, buying 
time for other generators to ramp up. 
Since inertia can be expensive and carbon 
intensive, operators need to be confident 
they’ve got enough while considering 
the cost to billpayers and emissions. Our 
Digital business’ machine learning-based 
Inertia Forecasting informs short-term 
operational decisions and long-term 
investment assessments. Learn more 

28  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

HYDROPOWER UNDERWATER 
TURBINE INSPECTION

Our pioneering underwater inspection 
technology achieves results comparable 
to dry visual inspection without confined 
space work and dewatering. The remotely 
operated vehicle (ROV) deploys sensors 
to previously inaccessible areas. Experts 
review the information in real time to 
ensure proper inspection of all critical 
surfaces. This technology requires less risk 
for employees, less resources to deploy 
and less downtime for inspections.  
Learn more 

EGYPT

The following activities occurred during the 27th Conference 
of the Partners to the United Nations Framework Convention 
on Climate Change, also known as COP27, in Sharm El Sheikh, 
Egypt.

GE Vernova’s Gas Power business successfully operated a GE 
LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine on hydrogen–natural gas 
blended fuel at the Sharm El Sheikh Power Plant during COP27. 
In less than five months, the project overcame logistical and 
operational challenges—getting hydrogen to the plant and building 
the infrastructure for hydrogen distribution and blending at the 
site—all with a commitment to safety. Learn more 

GE Vernova signed an MoU with Egyptian Natural Gas Holding 
Company (EGAS) and Seasplit Technologies for the industrial 
decarbonization of the Gulf of Suez. The three organizations plan 
to evaluate the technical and economic feasibility of developing 
1.5 gigawatts (GW) of offshore wind power in the Gulf of Suez and 
intend to explore how strategic companies in Egypt’s petroleum 
sector can participate in the project’s delivery. Learn more 

Our Global Impact on the 
Energy Transition
GE Vernova believes that access to more sustainable, reliable 
and affordable energy is essential for all people globally. As 
the demand for energy grows and the importance of energy 
security is elevated, GE is committed to pursuing technological 
innovations to support decarbonization and increased 
reliability and accessibility. Over time, the carbon emissions 
per unit of power provided from our power generation portfolio 
has decreased. We are also actively working with governments 
to help countries achieve their climate goals, which we do 
through a combination of renewable and gas-based projects. 
Through this experience, we know there is no one-size-fits-
all solution for the world. Here are some of the ways we are 
driving decarbonization around the globe through solutions 
tailored for diverse environments.

UNITED ARAB EMIRATES

Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA), the largest industrial company 
in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) outside oil and gas, and our 
Gas Power business signed an agreement to upgrade four existing 
9F gas turbines at EGA’s Al Taweelah power plant, reducing 
greenhouse gas emissions intensity and contributing to the 
achievement of the UAE’s Net Zero by 2050 Strategic Initiative. 
Learn more 

In early 2022, our Digital business joined forces with other 
energy transition leaders—Baker Hughes, Bechtel, Enppi, HSBC, 
the National Bank of Egypt and Petrojet—to support Egypt’s 
decarbonization initiatives, specifically decarbonization of select 
 The 
operating downstream facilities in the country. Learn more 
Bechtel-led Coalition for Decarbonization announced at COP27 in 
November that it had been awarded a feasibility study contract by 
Egyptian LNG. The study will assess implementation of a zero-flaring 
system at the Egyptian LNG export terminal in Idku and aims to 
reduce greenhouse gas emissions and optimize fuel consumption. 
Learn more 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  29    

CANADA

SPAIN

INDIA

GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy has partnered with Ontario Power 
Generation (OPG) to construct North America’s first small 
modular reactor at the utility’s Darlington New Nuclear 
Project site. Construction of a BWRX-300 small modular reactor 
will help OPG meet Ontario’s growing energy needs as 
electrification and a growing economy drive demand. Learn more 

LM Wind Power’s Gaspe facility in Canada rolled out its 
13,000th wind turbine blade in May 2022. These blades, 
generating over 9,000 MW, will help save nearly 23 million tons 
of CO2 emissions from being released into the environment. 
Learn more 

UNITED KINGDOM

BRAZIL

GE’s footprint in the U.K. consists of ~40,000 MW of power 
and we are uniquely positioned to support the country’s net 
zero Ten Point Plan.

Our Gas Power business and Technip Energies completed a front-
end engineering design (FEED) study for a first-of-a-kind large 
amine-based, post-combustion carbon capture at scale solution 
to integrate with a proposed H-Class natural gas fired power plant 
at the Net Zero Teesside (NZT) Power project and the Northern 
Endurance Partnership’s (NEP) carbon compression infrastructure 
in Teesside, England. Learn more 

GE is supporting Brazil’s energy transition and our technology 
helps generate approximately 30% of the energy produced 
in the country. 274 MW are produced by our onshore 
wind turbines.

Over the past two years, GE has installed 1.1 GW of wind 
power in Spain and has a total installed base of nearly 5 GW 
across the country.

BL ADE RECYCLING IN SPAIN

LM Wind Power joined a consortium of companies, including GE 
Vernova’s Wind business, developing a blade recycling project in 
Spain. The company will supply surplus fiberglass generated during 
blade manufacturing at its Ponferrada and Castellón facilities so it 
can be recycled, consistent with its vision of producing zero waste 
blades by 2030. Learn more 

GE Vernova’s Wind business signed a long-term Power Purchase 
Agreement (PPA) with Forestalia to purchase electricity from the 
El Coto wind farm, which will generate enough power to support 
more than 60% of its operations in Europe. The 12-year PPA will 
reduce our emissions by ~13,000 tCO2e annually. The wind farm 
will begin operation in summer 2023. Learn more 

We also signed an agreement with Alfanar to supply and install 
15 wind turbines at a cluster of wind farms located in the Navarre 
region of Spain. Upon completion in 2023, our 3.X-4.0 MW turbines 
with 137-meter rotors will provide 53 MW of clean and affordable 
energy to the region. Learn more 

Half of India’s new wind energy generation capacity in 2022 was 
powered by GE’s locally developed and manufactured 2.7-132 
wind turbine that is ideal for India’s low wind speed regime. A 
major portion of the additional 900 MW was set up to help industries 
in their decarbonization journey and has the potential to generate 
enough electricity to power over 290,000 Indian households.

The 2.7-132 turbine was developed by engineers at our John F. Welch 
Technology Center in Bengaluru, and is manufactured at GE’s multi-
modal factory in Pune in western India, with blades being manufactured 
at LM factories located in the states of Gujarat and Karnataka.

POWERING OUR INDIAN OPERATIONS WITH 
RENEWABLE ELECTRICIT Y

LM Wind Power secured a PPA to source nearly 50% of the 
electrical energy required for its plant in Vadodara, India, from 
a hybrid solar and wind system. The agreement is for a 15-year 
period and will save nearly 13% of the total energy cost annually. 

In June 2022, GE Energy Financial Services closed the acquisition 
of a 49% stake in Continuum’s 148.5 MW Morjar onshore wind 
project in Gujarat, India. Learn more 

In September 2022, our Wind business announced orders from 
Continuum Green Energy Limited to supply, install and commission 
81 units of its 2.7-132 onshore wind turbines for the 218.70 MW 
wind power projects across Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh, India. 
Learn more 

GE Vernova’s 7HA.02 gas turbine will power Eneva’s new Azulão 
reserve power plant, delivering up to 350 MW of reliable reserve 
power to help stabilize the grid and support renewable growth in 
Brazil. Learn more 

Our Collaborations
GE has a long history of working collaboratively across the energy industry to achieve real and long-standing positive outcomes for our 
customers, the industries we serve and our planet. We are prioritizing partnerships across all our stakeholders—customers, investors, 
governments, NGOs and our competitors—to ensure the necessary progress is accomplished for sustainability across the energy ecosystem.

GE Vernova commenced its hydrogen plant readiness assessment 
of Grain power station in Kent, England, the newest combined-
cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power station in Uniper’s U.K. portfolio. 
The project explores solutions to enable operations using blends of 
natural gas and hydrogen, with hydrogen accounting for up to 40% 
of volume, targeting the decarbonization of Grain’s 1,365 MW gas-
fired power plant with GE Vernova technology in the next decade. 
This effort will play a part in helping the U.K. reach its target of 
achieving net zero GHG emissions by 2050. Learn more 

As one of the largest global players in offshore wind, the U.K. is 
building the world’s largest offshore wind farm in three phases—
Dogger Bank A, B and C—more than 130 kilometers off the 
northeast coast of England. GE Vernova will provide 190 Haliade-X 
13 MW turbines for Dogger Bank A and B, and 87 Haliade-X 14 MW 
turbines for Dogger Bank C. When complete, the wind farm will 
be capable of producing 3.6 GW of electricity, enough to power 
6 million homes. Learn more 

GE Vernova’s Hydro Solutions and Grid Solutions businesses have 
jointly signed a contract to technologically upgrade the Itaipu 
hydropower plant in Brazil and Paraguay, the second largest in 
the world with an installed capacity of 14 GW, located on the 
Paraná River between the two countries. The upgrade includes 
equipment and systems of all 20 power generating units as well 
as the improvement of the hydropower plant’s measurement, 
protection, control, regulation and monitoring systems. In total, 
Itaipu Binacional covers an average 8.4% of Brazilian and 85.6% of 
Paraguayan Binacional electricity consumption. Learn more 

APPAL ACHIAN ENERGY FUTURE ALLIANCE
In February 2022, GE Vernova’s Gas Power business joined the 
Appalachian Energy Future alliance—along with EQT Corporation, 
Equinor, Marathon Petroleum (including its affiliate MPLX), Mitsubishi 
Power, Shell Polymers and U. S. Steel—that will play an important 
leadership role in decarbonizing the industrial base in the Northern 
Appalachian Region of the United States. Learn more 

CLEAN ENERGY TECHNOLOGY CONSORTIUM AT 
PRINCETON UNIVERSIT Y
In 2022, GE, Google, ClearPath, Breakthrough Energy and the Zero-Carbon 
Technology Consortium, aligned with the E-ffiliates partnership program 
at Princeton’s Andlinger Center for Energy and the Environment, formed 
a new coalition to support ongoing research such as long-duration 
energy storage, flexible geothermal energy systems, carbon capture and 
sequestration, and commercial fusion power plants. Learn more 

DEVELOPING A SUSTAINABLE SUPPLY CHAIN FOR WIND 
TURBINE BL ADES
To strengthen its ability to drive sustainable progress across its supply 
chain, LM Wind Power partnered with EcoVadis, a leading global company 
in business sustainability ratings and performance, to conduct individual 
sustainability performance assessments of its supply chain. Learn more 

PARTNERING TO DEVELOP VIABLE BL ADE RECYCLING 
SOLUTIONS
LM Wind Power is a member of the DecomBlades consortium in 
Denmark, which brings together leading players in the wind industry, 
recycling companies and universities to commercialize viable blade 
recycling solutions. Learn more 

SUPPORTING THE CRITICAL NEED TO MODERNIZE THE 
ELECTRICIT Y SYSTEM
GE is a member of the GridWise Alliance, which represents the broad 
and diverse stakeholders that design, build and operate the electric 
grid in the United States and educate key industry stakeholders 
on the critical need to modernize the national electricity system. 
Learn more 

HELPING UTILITIES PL AN FOR STORMS WITH 
CLIMAVISION
GE Vernova’s Digital business is partnering with Climavision, a 
pioneering weather tech company, to help utility customers better 
predict where severe weather will stress the grid and cause outages 
to critical infrastructure so they can aid storm readiness and 
response. Learn more 

30  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  31    

 
GE Vernova’s11 Actions Toward Its 2050 Scope 3 Net Zero Ambition
In the preceding pages, GE Vernova highlights the technology it is 
delivering today and investments for the breakthrough technologies 
of tomorrow. As these pages show, GE’s investments toward 
decarbonization technologies are uniquely diverse. GE is innovating 
these technologies both for our customers and for the planet as we 
work to play a leadership role in the power sector, meeting its 2050 net 
zero goals. 

In 2021, GE announced an ambition to be a net zero company for its sold 
products by 2050, which is the most impactful and relevant emissions 
category given the nature of our businesses. Working with external 
advisors and experts, we further refined our focus to power turbines and 
aircraft engines, which account for the majority of GE’s greenhouse gas 
emissions across all reporting scopes. By focusing on the key levers we 
have as a company to impact the energy transition, we will more effectively 
deliver the type of technology innovations and breakthroughs our 
customers are relying on to achieve their own net zero ambitions.

In working to lead the development of technology for the power sector, 
we are informed by the role of GE Vernova for sustainable development 
and broader industry trends. Addressing the urgent need to decarbonize 
the global energy system is at the same time a huge challenge and 
opportunity. Energy is the lifeblood of safer, longer lives, economic growth 
and human prosperity. The International Energy Agency (IEA) projects 
the global population will grow by approximately 2 billion people by 2050. 
Yet even today, nearly 775 million people globally do not have access to 
sustainable, reliable and affordable energy.

GE is proud to play a critical role in providing more sustainable, reliable and 
affordable energy globally, a core United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goal (SDG). As described on the pages above, GE’s equipment generates 
approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, and 90% of the world’s power 
transmission utilities use GE technology. With diversified technology in the 
wind, power, electrification and digital sectors, GE Vernova is committed 
to achieving the goal of decarbonizing the energy sector globally while 
growing access and resiliency to more sustainable, reliable and affordable 
electricity. These efforts collectively advance progress toward affordable 
and clean energy (SDG 7), sustainable cities (SDG 11) and climate action 
(SDG 13).

Saleh Khayyat 
during a 9F 
outage in Saudi 
Arabia.

The IEA forecasts global electricity consumption will grow by 50% between 
now and 2040. Electricity and heat contribute around 40% of global 
CO2 emissions associated with human activities and this will need to be 
drastically reduced in order to hit the global target of net zero emissions by 
2050. With this challenge becoming clear, global regulators and industry 
experts are now starting to paint a picture of what the future energy mix 
will need to look like with fossil fuels and, in particular, natural gas still 
needing to play a role to support the transition, alongside a huge growth 
in the clean energy and renewables sector as well as decarbonization 
technologies. In its 2022 Energy Outlook, the IEA calls this decade critical 
for “delivering a more secure, sustainable and affordable energy system,” 
calling for investments in clean electricity and electrification along 
with expanded and modernized grids, offering clear and cost-effective 
opportunities to cut emissions more rapidly while bringing electricity costs 
down from their current highs.

GE technologies are contributing to many of the efforts that have driven 
the decarbonization of energy to date, and they are crucial to reducing the 
sectors’ carbon intensity that is needed in the short term, as we invest in 
and build the longer term mix of lower carbon energy, cleaner fuels and 
renewable electricity needed for the net zero future.

OUR NE T ZERO PRINCIPLES
As one of the world’s leading companies in the energy sector, we 
know the challenge is complex and we have to be nimble and 
committed as a company and with our partners to innovate the 
technology to succeed over the years and decades to come. We 
have several principles that are guiding our approach to our net 
zero ambitions:

•  Credibility. Knowing this path will take decades, we prioritize 
credibility first and foremost with our stakeholders to share 
what we objectively know and don’t know. This also means as 
we get better and more credible information, we will share that 
with our stakeholders.

•  Continuous learning. Our analysis is based on how we see 
things today. We are committed to continuous learning to 
enable more insights and opportunities to make a difference, 
and we expect to make progress over time.

•  Collaboration. We know no one company can solve these 

issues alone. With GE’s spirit of humility, we welcome 
continued collaborations with our customers, investors, 
regulators and peers to achieve success toward our goals. We 
summarize several of these key collaborations on page 31.

•  Commitment to innovation and technology. Simply stated, 
GE Vernova’s role in the sector’s path toward net zero is to 
deliver state-of-the-art technology today to make progress 
while innovating the breakthrough technologies for tomorrow. 
Below, we synthesize the previous pages regarding how we see 
various technologies contributing toward this pathway. 

Applying these principles, we consider three pathways toward the net zero ambition:

AC TIO NS PRE- 2020

2020–2030

2030–2050

Building on substantial contributions 
from past action. Our efforts toward 
decarbonization began well before 2021. 
GE has long innovated its products to drive 
efficiencies and reduce CO2 emissions 
by delivering state-of-the-art products. 
Our past efforts since 2010 lay a strong 
foundation for the progress forward. 

Driving continued progress this decade. 
We are prioritizing the 2020s as a decade 
of action, with a focus on innovating the 
technology solutions needed to achieve 
net zero emissions in 2050. This will 
take several forms, including advancing 
technology with the potential to further 
reduce carbon emissions and carbon 
intensity in this decade and beyond.

Innovating for the future. While we are 
optimistic about the role of GE Vernova’s 
technologies to make progress through 
2030, we know they will not be enough 
to achieve 2050 net zero ambitions. We 
are investing today to innovate the next 
generation of breakthrough technologies 
to achieve the step changes that will be 
needed for the power sector.

11  For more information on GE Vernova’s Scope 3 Use of Sold Products Methodology, see Appendix II in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

 2021), fueled by retirements 

1. BUILDING ON SUBSTANTIAL 
CONTRIBUTIONS FROM PAST AC TION 
GE’s power technology has made substantial contributions to global 
decarbonization efforts for many years. For example, over the past 
decade, while global coal generation across the industry grew by 
6% (2010 
 2021), estimated generation from GE’s installed base 
of coal plants declined by 44% (2010 
and coal-to-gas switching. Estimated generation from GE’s gas 
installed base grew by 17% during this period. With less than half 
of the carbon emissions of a comparably sized coal plant and the 
operating flexibility to accommodate variable renewable generation, 
gas played a vital role contributing to the reduction in carbon 
emissions without sacrificing grid resilience. During this same 
period, there was a 16% increase in estimated generation from GE’s 
installed low carbon power generation technologies (wind, 
hydro, nuclear). The net of these changes resulted in an estimated 
reduction in carbon intensity of the total GE installed base by 22% 
over this time period. 

Over the past decade and a half, coal-to-gas switching has 
done more to decarbonize the U.S. power sector than any other 

2. DRIVING CONTINUED PROGRESS 
THIS DECADE
As described above, GE Vernova has a two-fold goal for the energy 
sector: (1) to decarbonize the energy sector globally through a 
combination of renewable energy, gas power and grid modernization 
while (2) growing resilient access to more sustainable, reliable and 
affordable energy for everyone. This challenge takes on greater 
significance knowing the power sector will be a key enabler for 
decarbonizing other economic sectors (e.g., transportation, buildings). 
GE’s 2022 Scope 3 emissions from its power turbines are estimated on 
the accompanying chart.

In this decade, GE will focus on reducing Scope 3 emissions in 
several ways. GE’s coal exit and wind growth are key near-term 
influencers toward lowered Scope 3 emissions. Over the decade, 
greater deployment of gas plant pre-combustion decarbonization 
technologies (hydrogen or renewable natural gas blending) 
and post-combustion carbon capture technologies (including 
retrofits of existing plants) could also support progress. Our 
projected timeline for the deployment of technologies this decade is 
shown on the accompanying chart and the ways we are supporting 
these technologies are described in the preceding pages of the 
Sustainability Report.

GE will continue its investments in onshore and offshore wind to 
improve capacity factors and to expand manufacturing capacity to 
support robust demand growth for renewables. The Haliade-X, the 
world’s largest offshore turbine in operation, is designed for growth 
from its current 14 MW 220-meter rotor to as much as 17 MW 
250-meter rotor, resulting in a 7% capacity factor improvement. 
GE’s newest 3.4 MW onshore wind turbine was introduced in 2022. 
Designed specifically for the North America region, the turbine is 
based on GE’s bestselling 2 MW platform, which recently surpassed 
30 GW of installed base globally. Investments in grid hardware and 
software will also enable higher renewable penetrations without 

technology. At the same time, GE has accumulated more than 
1.3 million operating hours on its world-record efficiency H-class 
gas turbines (with nearly one-third of the carbon emissions of a coal 
plant). Advanced gas path upgrades deployed to GE’s existing F-class 
fleet over the past three years reduced roughly 2 million tons of 
CO2 emissions.

Gas plants play a vital role balancing variable renewables with 
dispatchable flexible power, preserving system resilience. Converting 
to hydrogen fuel reduces carbon emissions and GE leads the 
industry in hydrogen and hydrogen-like combustion experience (8 
million hours across more than 100 units).

Estimated Carbon 
Intensity of GE’s 
Installed Base
Grams CO2/kWh (gross, 
installed base, relative)

447

22%

350

2010

2021

sacrificing required resilience and grid stability. GE is continuing 
investments in the grid of the future to orchestrate variability of 
renewable resource, address bi-directional flow of electricity from 
distributed resources, augment traditional forms of system inertia, 
and enable controllable loads such as EV charging or heat pumps 
to balance supply and demand. These investments will increase the 
potential for higher penetration of renewables on the grid and improve 
the carbon intensity of the power sector.

GE continued progress with several significant milestones in 2022. 
Having worked through its backlog, GE had no sales for coal fired 
steam turbines in 2022, ending GE’s participation in any new coal 
plants globally. GE and Technip Energies began development of their 
front-end engineering design (FEED) study for a first-of-a-kind large 
amine-based, post-combustion carbon capture at scale solution to 
integrate with a proposed H-Class natural gas fired power plant at 
Teesside, England. During COP27, in a demonstration project at a 
thermal power plant operated by the Egyptian Electricity Holding 
Company (EEHC), an LM6000 unit ran on a blend of natural gas and 
hydrogen, marking the first time the turbine has generated power 
from a hydrogen blend on the African continent.

Use of Sold Products
Estimated lifetime net emissions from new gas turbine and 
steam turbine products sold million metric tons CO2.

2019 2021 2022
477

320

506

2030 
TARGE T
~300-400 
(-20-45%)

Net emissions million  
metric tons CO2
(net, new units, absolute)

This follows Greenhouse Gas protocol, Scope 3 use of sold 
products, category 11 methodology.

32  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  33    

3. INNOVATING FOR THE FUTURE
Looking to and beyond 2030, GE is investing today in the breakthrough technologies we believe will be critical to achieve net zero 2050 goals. As 
described above, GE continues to invest in technology to support the energy transition toward lower greenhouse gas emissions without sacrificing 
the required grid resilience that consumers demand. Continued growth in renewables will play a major role, while the world will also require 
decarbonized dispatchable and flexible plants and hybrid/storage solutions to address variability of renewables.

Small Modular Nuclear Reactors
GE secured its launch order for its first small modular reactor technology, the BWRX-300, with Ontario Power Generation at its Darlington site 
with plans to be operational by 2028, as detailed on page 28. This technology will be available in small scalable blocks that use modularity and 
simplicity of design to take out significant cost and cycle time. 

Hydrogen
GE leads in hydrogen combustion experience and capability today and will continue to expand capability for increasing blends with a goal of a 
100% hydrogen-capable (and hence zero carbon power generation) product portfolio across its catalog by 2030; learn more on page 27. 

Carbon Capture
We also see a need for carbon capture technology to be deployed across new and existing gas plants. GE is participating today in multiple 
feed studies to integrate carbon capture technology into a flexible gas combined cycle plant. There are significant capital costs, operating costs 
and physical space reductions under development with the potential to improve carbon capture deployment economics. In parallel, GE will 
continue active advocacy efforts with policy makers to ensure sensible regulations and enabling incentives are prioritized. GE anticipates to be 
actively constructing its first integrated carbon capture combined cycle system by 2025.

As these pages show, GE Vernova believes a diverse suite of technologies and innovation will be key to decarbonizing the energy sector while 
growing resiliency. Our investments include renewable energy in the onshore and offshore wind sectors and grid modernization technology, 
all of which will contribute to net zero. Our Scope 3 focus is on reducing fossil fuel emissions through coal-to-gas switching and decarbonizing 
gas turbines pre-combustion with hydrogen and post-combustion with carbon capture. 

Pathway to Low or Near Zero Carbon with Gas Turbines

)
h
W
k
/
g
(
y
t
i
s
n
e
t
n

I
s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
E
n
o
b
r
a
C

Reduce 
Emissions by... 
45%

C APABLE TODAY

RE TROFIT TABLE IN THE F UTUR E

~1,000

60%

69%

COAL

GAS

Global Average

Global Average

97%

100%

HA Combined 
Cycle

HA Combined  
Cycle with 50% H2

HA Combined  
Cycle with 95% 
Carbon Capture

HA with 100% H2

S TR ATEGIC GOAL

INDIC ATIVE TIMIN G

BA SIS  FOR INDIC ATIVE TIMIN G

Post-combustion 
carbon capture 

(pages 26-28)

Gas plant integrated 
capture projects under 
construction

2025

GE actively engaged in multiple feed studies for carbon 
capture projects in Europe and North America with 
construction to commence by 2025.

Small modular  
nuclear reactors 

(page 28)

Hydrogen  
gas turbines

(page 27)

First X-300 operational

2028

GE’s fleet leader for Ontario Power Generation working 
toward commencement operation in 2028.

100% H2-capable catalog

2030

GE currently has 100% H2-capability across some of 
its gas turbine offerings and is expanding capability 
with industry-leading, efficient HA gas turbines to 
100% by 2030 to meet customer needs to future-proof 
investments as hydrogen becomes available.

GE VERNOVA: PATH TO NET ZERO AMBITION12

AC TIONS P RE-2 020

2020–2030

2030–2050

Building on substantial 
contributions from past action.

Driving continued progress  
this decade.

Innovating for the future.

CONTRIBUTING FACTORS

Coal-to-gas switching with 
more than 50% fewer carbon 
emissions 

Onshore wind growth and 
capacity factor improvement 
(rotor diameter, height)

Hydro/nuclear build and 
repowering

World-record gas combined 
cycle plant efficiencies

Advanced gas path upgrades 
reducing carbon emissions from 
installed gas turbines

IMPACTS

   13%  GE installed base growth 
   16%  increase in renewables 

during 2010–2021

and zero carbon power 
generation technologies 
(2010-2021)

   22%  reduction in carbon intensity 

of the GE installed base 
(2010-2021)

12  Lifecycle CO2 emissions from Scope 3 use of sold product.

Post-combustion carbon 
capture improvements in 
cost, space and operating 
expense

Small modular nuclear 
reactors

100% hydrogen gas turbine 
capability across portfolio

Coal exit (new build)

Offshore and onshore wind growth 
and capacity factor improvement

Hydrogen or renewable natural 
gas blending

Flexibility retrofits of existing plants 
to reduce emissions while balancing 
variable renewables

LM6000 Hybrid EGT integrates battery 
storage with gas turbine, enabling 
contingency (spinning) reserve without 
fuel burn and emissions demand 
events

Advanced transmission and 
distribution hardware/software to 
move renewables and ensure system 
resilience 

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT 

TESTING 

COMMERCIALIZATION

BREAKTHROUGH TECHNOLOGIES TIMELINE

2022 PROGRESS

Haliade-X offshore wind turbine receives full 
type certification. Learn more on page 23 

GE's newest 3.4 MW onshore wind turbine 
launched for North America. Learn more on 
page 23 
GE’s LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine 
operates on hydrogen–natural gas blend 
during COP27 in Egypt. Learn more on 
page 29 
GE and Technip Energies began development 
of front-end engineering design (FEED) study 
for a carbon capture solution. Learn more on 
page 30 
GridOS® launched as world’s first software 
portfolio designed for grid orchestration. 
Learn more on page 21 

GE receives U.S. Department 
of Energy carbon capture 
grant targeting 95% emissions 
reduction. Learn more on 
page 26 

GE Hitachi receives memoranda 
of understanding and other 
agreements for its BWRX-300 small 
modular reactor in Canada, Czech 
Republic, Estonia, Poland, U.K., 
U.S. and Sweden. Learn more on 
page 28 

GE awarded U.S. Department of 
Energy (DOE) grants to accelerate 
the path towards 100% hydrogen 
combustion in gas turbines. 
Learn more on page 26 

 TARGET

   20-45% 

reduction in carbon emissions relative to 
2019 levels

GE Vernova will focus, working 
with other industry participants, on 
bringing into service breakthrough 
technologies by the early 2030s 
to help achieve absolute emission 
reductions for the power sector’s 
path to net zero.

34  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  35    

 
 
 
  
 
 
DEVELOPING THE FUTURE OF FLIGHT 
Defining Flight for Today, 
Tomorrow and the Future

With GE Aerospace and partner engines powering three-quarters 
of the world’s commercial flights, our employees are committed 
to innovating cutting-edge technology and making operational 
improvements to help meet historic demand while decreasing 
emissions today and in the future. As our aerospace customers bring 
families together, accelerate economic activity and reintroduce 
people to the world, this growth underscores both the necessity of 
aviation in modern life and the importance of an urgent challenge—
delivering on a commitment by the global aviation industry, including 
GE Aerospace, to achieve net zero CO2 emissions by 2050.

H. L AWRENCE CULP, JR .
Chairman of the Board and Chief 
Executive Officer, GE 
Chief Executive Officer, GE Aerospace

We bring significant expertise to this challenge. Through 
advancements in aerodynamics, engine architecture and materials 
technology, we have made air travel more accessible to more 
people, while also reducing emissions by 40% compared to engines 
manufactured in the 1970s and 1980s. Over the last decade, we 
have introduced new engines in virtually every market segment 
that offer double-digit fuel efficiency improvements compared to 
their predecessors.

Our Avio Aero team is leading a European project to test a hybrid 
electric motor powered by hydrogen fuel cells, and we continue 
to develop our capability to support battery and fuel cell energy 
sources. Even today, all GE and partner engines can run on 
approved Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) blends, which could lower 
lifecycle CO2 emissions by up to 80% compared to convention jet 
fuel. Scaling production and availability of SAF is critical to enabling 
the aviation industry to meet its decarbonization goals.

But these advances alone will not be sufficient to enable the 
industry to meet its goals. Doing so will require a concerted effort 
aimed at developing and rolling out technologies that are designed 
specifically to reduce CO2 and other emissions. Our industry’s 
progress in this area is in the early stages and, I believe that in the 
future, we will look back on this time much as we did the onset of 
the Jet Age, or when we first set our sights on going to the moon—
the beginning of an era that defines what is possible.

New eras require transformational technology and the passion of 
~45,000 GE Aerospace employees who live our purpose every day—
we invent the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home 
safely. For example, our revolutionary CFM RISE13 demonstrator 
is being developed in conjunction with our joint venture partner 
Safran. Slated for ground and flight tests in the middle of this 
decade, RISE13 is designed to reduce fuel consumption and 
CO2 emissions by more than 20% compared with today’s most 
efficient engines. This feat will be achieved through an open fan 
architecture, hybrid electric capability, and key materials and 
manufacturing technologies like ceramic matrix composites (CMCs) 
and additive manufacturing.

GE Aerospace’s position as an industry leader gives us a unique 
responsibility to chart the future of flight. But we are not doing 
it alone, nor could we. We benefit from partnerships with peer 
companies, aircraft manufacturers and government entities, all 
of which demonstrate the strength of our team and technology 
portfolio. Last year, we announced a new flight test program 
for a hydrogen combustion engine and an open fan flight test 
demonstration with Airbus, and we are working with NASA and 
Boeing to fly a megawatt-class hybrid electric system this decade. 

While the aviation industry’s journey to becoming more sustainable 
and decarbonized will be measured in decades, our consensus 
on net zero is driving action today. GE Aerospace’s transition to a 
standalone company in 2024 will be an important milestone by 
sharpening our focus on creating a smarter and more efficient 
future of flight, thanks to a strong foundation that includes our 
talented team and advanced technology platform. This is a bold 
mission, but it is one that is worthy to guide us as we seek to define 
flight for today, tomorrow and the future.

Our Technologies Today
At GE Aerospace, we never stop innovating. As one of the world’s largest suppliers of aircraft engines, systems and services, GE Aerospace continues 
to lead the industry in developing technologies to reduce CO2 emissions from flight. To that end, GE spent nearly $2 billion14 on aviation research and 
development in 2022, including emissions-reducing technologies.

This commitment to innovation and investment over decades has led to the following engines, services and software available now to reduce CO2 
emissions from the existing fleet in service.

ENGINES 
From the GE9X, which is the culmination of our decade-long commercial product renewal, to the GE Passport and Catalyst business and general 
aviation engines, to the T901 and T408 turboshafts for military helicopters, we have the industry’s broadest array of advanced engines. 

Our newest engines are designed to offer better fuel efficiency and lower CO2 emissions than their predecessors with advances in engine 
architecture, aerodynamics and advanced materials. Technologies such as ceramic matrix composites and additive manufacturing have led to lighter 
parts with higher capabilities. As a result, today’s commercial aircraft engines consume 40% less fuel compared to engines manufactured in the 
1970s and 1980s. 

A legacy of innovation for improved fuel efficiency

SINGLE-AISLE 
AIRCRAF T

T WIN-AISLE 
AIRCRAF T

L ARGE T WIN-
AISLE 
AIRCRAF T

REGIONAL 
AIRCRAF T

TURBOPROP 
AIRCRAF T

Up to

Up to

Up to

Up to

15%
DECREASE
in fuel consumption 
from the single-
aisle, CFM56-7B to 
LEAP engine

15%
DECREASE
in fuel consumption from 
the twin-aisle CF6-80C2 
to GEnx engine

10%
DECREASE
in fuel consumption 
from the large twin-
aisle GE90-115B to 
GE9X engine

17%
DECREASE
in fuel consumption 
from the regional 
jet CF34-3 to GE’s 
Passport engine

18%
DECREASE
in fuel consumption 
from competing, legacy 
turboprop engines 
available today to 
GE’s CatalystTM engine

SERVICES
Toward a more circular economy, we also consider the lifecycle of our 
engines. Currently, there are more than 23,000 total repairs in our 
catalogs to restore worn GE and CFM International15 engine parts 
to serviceable conditions. Additionally, GE and CFM International15 
industrialized more than 1,700 repairs in 2022, increasing repair 
capability. As a result, GE maintenance, repair and overhaul facilities 
globally repaired approximately 2.3 million engine components in 2022 
using these industrialized processes. Additionally, our used serviceable 
materials business purchases used engines and parts, performs 
necessary inspections and repairs, and facilitates return of serviceable 
parts into the aviation industry. When metal parts are no longer 
repairable, they are recycled when possible. 

GE’s 360 Foam Wash is an advanced on-wing cleaning technology with 
a proprietary detergent to help ensure engines continue to operate 
efficiently. In some cases, GE’s 360 Foam Wash has been found to 
improve engine performance by reducing build-up of deposits in 
the engine, lowering engine exhaust temperatures and improving 
engine compressor efficiency. These improvements led to reduced 
fuel consumption, lower CO2 emissions and increased engine time on 
wing. GE’s 360 Foam Wash is approved for use on multiple GE engine 
programs, including models of GE90, GEnx and CF34, as well as Engine 
Alliance’s16 GP7200 engines. 

13  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

36  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

14  2022 GE, customer and partner funded R&D.

15  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

16  Engine Alliance is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  37    

 
100% SAF TESTING TIMELINE 

2016 – F414

2018 – GE90

2019 – GE9X

2021 – LEAP-1A

2021 – LEAP-1B

2022 – Passport

2022 – GEnx

1st military jet flight with 
100% SAF in at least one 
engine

1st commercial aircraft flight 
with 100% SAF17 ss

Combustor component 
testing

Ground and in-flight 
emissions testing using 
100% SAF in one engine

1st experimental flight with 
passengers using 100% SAF 
in one engine

Ground testing

On-wing ground testing to 
study emissions

2022 – HF120

Ground testing

2023 – GE90

1st Middle East 
demonstration flight using 
100% SAF in one engine

2023 – CFM56

Ground testing

ALTERNATIVE FUELS 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel—or SAF for short—is jet fuel that can be 
made from plant-based material, fats, oils and greases, alcohols, waste 
streams, captured CO2 and other alternative feedstocks. GE Aerospace 
has been actively involved in assessing and qualifying SAF since 2007 
and works closely with SAF producers, regulators and operators 
to ensure SAF can be widely adopted for use in aviation. More than 
475,000 commercial flights have been operated using SAF blends 
since 2011, according to industry association Air Transport Action 
Group. The widespread use of SAF has the potential to dramatically 
reduce fuel lifecycle carbon emissions up to 80% compared to jet fuel 
produced from petroleum. SAF made by new approaches that convert 
captured CO2 and renewable hydrogen to liquid fuel has the potential to 
eliminate lifecycle CO2 emissions.

All GE, CFM International18 and Engine Alliance19 engines in service 
today can operate with approved SAF blends. That’s because all 
approved SAF available today is considered drop-in. Drop-in SAF means 
the fuel meets current petroleum-based jet fuel requirements. It can 
be substituted for fossil-based jet fuel without any modifications to 
engines and airframes, and is therefore compatible with the existing 
commercial fleet, as well as with other parts of the fuel distribution and 
storage infrastructure. 

Currently, SAF approved for use is a blend of petroleum-based Jet A or 
Jet A-1 fuel and a SAF component with a maximum blend limit of 50%. 
One of GE’s fuel experts chairs an international task force to develop 
standardized industry specifications supporting adoption of 100% 
drop-in SAF, which does not require blending with conventional jet 
fuel. Drop-in 100% SAF is not yet qualified by ASTM International, an 
organization that develops technical standards. 

7

types of SAF blends are approved  
for jet engines today

475K

commercial flights worldwide operated 
using SAF blends since 2011

50%

maximum blend limit of current SAF with 
conventional jet fuel

SYSTEMS 
GE Aerospace’s Systems business continues to bring additional efficiencies to aircraft performance. These technologies include power generation, 
conversion and distribution systems focused on electrification, avionics solutions that optimize flight paths, and more efficient and quieter 
integrated propeller systems.

FLIGHT MANAGEMENT SYSTEM REDUCES EMISSIONS   

GE Aerospace’s Flight Management System (FMS) provides increased 
situational awareness and operational efficiencies on more than 12,000 
aircraft worldwide, including models of the Boeing 737 and military 
aircraft. The FMS is designed to allow an airplane to fly at higher altitudes 
over longer routes and allows for an optimized descent that is a more 
gradual approach to the airport than a stair-step approach. Flying at 
higher altitudes longer can reduce carbon and noise emissions. GE 
Aerospace’s FMS-optimized descents offer a potential 6-12% fuel savings, 
reduced CO2 emissions and roughly 20% lower nitrogen oxide (NOx) 
emissions for operators compared to traditional approaches. 

SOF T WARE
GE Digital has software that can help airlines reduce CO2 emissions today, using data they already have. Right now, solutions like FlightPulse™ and 
Airspace Insight help pilots and airlines make data-driven strategic choices about flight routes that save on fuel and avoid releasing excess CO2 
emissions. In years to come, digital solutions will continue to help drive the industry towards a net zero future through new enhancements and 
features like Fuel Insight, which could allow airline customers to easily identify, track and manage fuel initiatives.

PASSPORT, HF120 AND GENX ENGINES SUCCESSFULLY TESTED WITH 
100% SAF
As part of GE Aerospace’s ongoing efforts to help qualify Sustainable Aviation Fuel, 
GE completed in 2022 successful testing of its Passport and HF12017 business 
aviation engines using 100% SAF. Both engines underwent ground testing at GE 
Aerospace’s Peebles Test Operations in southern Ohio. The purpose of the tests 
was to assess the performance and operability of the engine technologies with 
100% SAF compared to conventional Jet A. Additionally, Boeing and NASA teams 
conducted emissions ground testing of a GEnx-powered Boeing 787 running 50% 
drop-in and 100% non-drop-in SAF in 2022. These are just the latest examples of 
GE Aerospace’s 100% SAF testing; F414, GE90, GE9X, LEAP and CFM56 engines 
have also been tested with 100% SAF.  

IDENTIF YING INEFFICIENCIES AT 30,000 FEET 

It is estimated a typical flight emits 900-1,000 kilograms of excess 
carbon due to inefficient airspace design and air traffic control practices. 
When you consider airlines operate tens of thousands of flights per day, 
increasing efficiencies in airspace usage, flight times and flight routes 
would make a significant impact on lowering carbon emissions. Qantas 
Airlines, which operates Australia’s largest commercial fleet, announced 
in 2022 plans to implement GE Digital’s Airspace Insight solution. By using 
this first-of-its-kind tool, which aggregates data from air traffic control 
(ATC), airlines, airports, airspace designers and communities, Qantas can 
better understand what is happening in their airspace from both a safety 
and efficiency perspective. 

17  Tests included 100% SAF in one engine, as well as in both engines. LEAP engines are a product of CFM International, a 50-50 joint company between GE Aerospace 

and Safran Aircraft Engines. Engine Alliance is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney. HF120 engines are a product of GE Honda Aero Engines LLC, a 
50-50 joint between GE Aerospace and Honda Aero, Inc. 

18  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

19  Engine Alliance is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney.

38  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  39    

Our Breakthrough Technologies for the Future 
GE Aerospace is already at work today to develop breakthrough technologies for the benefit of us all tomorrow, such as advanced new engine 
architectures like open fan, hybrid electric propulsion and hydrogen fuel combustion. Since June 2021, three major new technology demonstration 
programs were launched. Multiple ground and flight tests planned this decade will demonstrate new technologies for use in future commercial 
aircraft engines that could enter service beginning in the mid-2030s. 

CFM RISE 

CFM International21 will modify a GE Passport engine for testing by 
designing a new cryogenic fuel delivery system, hydrogen combustor and 
fuel controls. This is no easy feat, requiring a significant change to the 
propulsion system to be capable of safely burning liquid hydrogen, which 
doesn’t generate CO2 emissions during the combustion process. 

Efforts to design a new hydrogen combustor engine will draw from 
GE’s more than 8 million hours of operating experience with hydrogen 
combustion with land-based gas turbines. 

with conventional ducted front fan engines in the same size class. Since 
then, GE collaborated with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration 
(FAA) through the CLEEN program and with NASA on sub-scale wind 
tunnel test campaigns demonstrating better fuel efficiency compared to 
the CFM56-7B engine while achieving sufficient margins to current and 
anticipated future noise requirements. 

Avio Aero, part of the GE Aerospace business based in Italy, contributed 
to the development and testing of counter rotating open fan architectures 
under Europe’s Clean Sky research program and is continuing to do so as a 
founding member of Clean Aviation (formerly Clean Sky 2 program). Under 
Clean Aviation, Avio Aero supported optimization of open fan architectures 
through design and integration studies conducted with airframers. Avio 
Aero continues to support and coordinate CFM RISE20 Program technology 
development among GE Aerospace’s European teams. 

The open fan engine design being developed through the CFM RISE20 
Program has been made simpler and lighter with new approaches such 
as single-stage rotating carbon fiber composite fan blades and stationary 
outlet guide vanes. 

COMPACT ENGINE CORE 

Through the CFM RISE Program20, GE Aerospace is also working with 
NASA to research advanced engine cores for single-aisle aircraft. As part 
of NASA’s Hybrid Thermally Efficient Core (HyTEC) project, GE Aerospace 
is testing and maturing compact jet engine core designs, including 
compressor, combustor and high-pressure turbine technologies to 
improve thermal efficiency. Continued development of ceramic matrix 
composites (CMCs), an advanced heat-resistant material, is also a key 
part of the effort to improve fuel efficiency and reduce emissions. 

Powertrain Flight Demonstration (EPFD) project. After years of 
developing individual components of a hybrid electric system—motors, 
generators and power converters—GE Aerospace is systematically 
maturing a megawatt-class integrated hybrid electric powertrain 
to demonstrate flight readiness for commercial aircraft. Plans are to 
conduct ground and flight tests of the hybrid electric propulsion system 
by the mid-2020s using a modified Saab 340B testbed and GE’s CT7 
turboprop engines. 

Our Systems business has designed and manufactured power 
conversion, distribution and control systems for commercial aircraft 
for over 30 years. GE Aerospace Systems continues to advance these 
products with technologies such as GE-developed silicon carbide 
transistors to increase efficiency, power density, thermal performance 
and reliability. These technologies are integral to the development of 
GE Aerospace’s hybrid electric powertrain demonstrator with NASA, 
with development work taking place at the Electrical Power Integration 
System Center (EPISCenter) in Dayton, Ohio, and the Electrical Power 
Integration Centre in Cheltenham, England. EPISCenter has the capacity 
to test hybrid or fully electric powertrains with up to 15 megawatts of 
available power. 

In June 2021, GE Aerospace and Safran launched a bold technology 
development program. The CFM RISE20 (Revolutionary Innovation for 
Sustainable Engines) Program will demonstrate and mature a range of 
new, disruptive technologies for future engines that could enter service 
by the mid-2030s. 

The program goals include reducing fuel consumption and CO2 emissions 
by more than 20% compared to today’s most efficient engines, as 
well as ensuring compatibility with alternative energy sources such as 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel and hydrogen. 

Central to the program is achieving state-of-the-art propulsive efficiency 
for the engine, including advanced architectures such as the open fan. 
The open fan design is a key enabler to achieving significantly improved 
fuel efficiency while delivering the same speed and cabin experience 
as current single-aisle aircraft. The program will also use hybrid electric 
capability to optimize engine efficiency while enabling electrification of 
many aircraft systems. 

GE Aerospace has continually advanced state-of-the-art open fan 
systems. In the 1980s, GE successfully flight tested the GE36 engine, an 
open fan jet engine demonstrating significant fuel savings compared 

HYBRID ELECTRIC

ELECTRIFICATION FOR AIRCRAFT AND PROPULSION SYSTEMS 

Hybrid electric propulsion technologies can help improve engine 
performance—reducing fuel usage and emissions—making more 
electric engine technologies key to GE Aerospace’s efforts to reduce 
CO2 emissions for a more sustainable future of flight. Hybrid electric 
technologies are also highly compatible with Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
and hydrogen, as well as advanced engine architectures like open fan and 
new advanced engine core designs. 

One of GE Aerospace’s hybrid electric technology demonstration 
programs is in collaboration with NASA through NASA’s Electrified 

HYDROGEN

HYDROGEN COMBUSTION 
Along with Safran Aircraft Engines, GE Aerospace announced in 
February 2022 that CFM International21 is collaborating with Airbus on a 

hydrogen demonstration program. Plans are underway to develop direct 
hydrogen combustion engine technologies for ground and flight tests 
later this decade. 

20  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.
21  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

40  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

WORLD’S FIRST FOR FUTURE OF MORE 
ELECTRIC FLIGHT 

GE Aerospace is the world’s first to test a megawatt-class and 
multi-kilovolt hybrid electric propulsion system in altitude 
conditions that simulate single-aisle commercial flight. 

The test of the high power, high voltage system—including 
electric motor/generators, power converters, power 
transmission and power control systems—successfully 
demonstrated performance and operation of the components 
in simulated altitude up to 45,000 feet. This helps validate 
the architecture of the hybrid electric propulsion systems GE 
is developing. It’s also an important step in GE’s technology 
program with NASA and Boeing to develop a hybrid electric 
propulsion system for flight tests later this decade and for 
entry into service in the mid-2030s. 

CFM INTERNATIONAL TO PARTNER WITH AIRBUS 
ON OPEN FAN FLIGHT TESTS 
Airbus and CFM International22, a 50-50 joint company 
between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines, are collaborating to 
flight test CFM International’s cutting-edge open fan engine 
architecture. The Flight Test Demonstrator aims to mature 
and accelerate the development of advanced propulsion 
technologies, as part of CFM’s Revolutionary Innovation for 
Sustainable Engine (RISE)22 demonstration program, on board 
an Airbus A380. The flight test campaign will be performed 
in the second half of this decade. Program objectives include 
enhanced understanding of engine/wing integration and 
aerodynamic performance, as well as propulsive system 
efficiency gains. 

NEW EUROPEAN HYBRID ELECTRIC TECHNOLOGY 
DEMONSTRATOR 

Avio Aero announced in 2022 the launch of a new hybrid 
electric technology demonstration program that supports 
efforts to make air transport more fuel efficient to reduce CO2 
emissions. The Clean Aviation Joint Undertaking awarded 
approximately 34 million euro over four years to a consortium 
led by Avio Aero for the AMBER demonstrator. Plans are to 
mature, integrate and validate key technologies necessary 
for a megawatt-class, hybrid electric propulsion system 
powered by hydrogen fuel cells. The AMBER demonstrator will 
study integration of hybrid electric components—including a 
motor/generator, power converters and power transmission 
systems—with fuel cells for rig testing in the mid-2020s using 
Avio Aero’s advanced Catalyst turboprop engine. 

ADAPTIVE CYCLE ENGINES PROVE 
REVOLUTIONARY GAINS FOR FIGHTER AIRCRAF T 

In 2022, the U.S. Air Force and GE successfully concluded the 
major contractual testing milestones for the XA100 adaptive 
cycle engine. These tests proved the capabilities of the engine 
to provide 25% better fuel efficiency and 25% lower CO2 
emissions than current production engines in fifth generation 
fighter aircraft. The adaptive cycle technologies, developed 
under the Air Force's Adaptive Engine Transition Program 
(AETP), allow the engine to flex in flight between high-thrust 
mode for maximum power and a high-efficiency mode for 
optimum fuel savings and loiter time. 

22  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  41    

GE ADDITIVE: DRIVING SUSTAINABILIT Y THROUGH TRANSFORMATIVE TECHNOLOGY 
Additive manufacturing—often referred to as 3D printing—is a transformative technology that has the potential to contribute solutions to many of 
our major societal challenges, such as climate change, digitalization and decreasing natural resources.  

GE Additive, a subsidiary of GE Aerospace, was formed in September 2016 to meet market demand and build on GE’s decades of advanced 
manufacturing and materials science knowledge, additive R&D and GE Aerospace's learnings as an early adopter of additive technology. Today, GE 
Additive is a leader in metal additive technology with a diverse customer base spanning multiple industries and with a particular strength in highly 
regulated sectors with complex supply chains, such as aerospace and defense, medical and automotive. 

Since the late 1980s, metal additive manufacturing has been mostly used for tooling and concept modeling in automotive, medical and aerospace 
industries. In the 2010s, research in corporate R&D labs and federal agencies drove breakthrough applications of the technologies and, by 2015, GE 
Aerospace had gained FAA certification for the first additively manufactured production part. 

Employing new manufacturing technology, engineers dreamt up part geometries with complexity only buildable by additive manufacturing. These 
designs were then transmitted to 3D printers full of metal powder. The printers’ lasers or electronic beams heated up and melted particles together 
in thin layers, gradually forming structures never before built. 

CLEAN AVIATION PROGRAM:   
ADDITIVE TURBINE CENTER FRAME

The European Commission and European aerospace 
industry-funded Clean Aviation (formerly Clean Sky 2 
program) brings together industry subject matter experts 
and academic research bodies to integrate, demonstrate 
and validate technologies capable of reducing CO2 
emissions, as well as nitrogen oxide (NOx) and noise 
emissions by up to 30% compared to 2014 state-of-the-art 
aircraft.

GE Aerospace’s Advanced Technology team in Munich, 
Germany, led an industry-academic consortium for a 
Turbine Technology Project (TURN) that designed and 3D 
printed a large, yet lightweight, high performance turbine 
center frame casing. The casing unveiled in 2022 is one 
of largest additively manufactured parts produced for the 
aerospace industry, with the following results:

•  150 parts consolidated into a single component.

•  Reduced part weight by ~30%. 

•  Reduced manufacturing lead time ~75% from nine months 

to two and a half months.

•  Performance benefit of 0.2% in specific fuel consumption.

LOWERING EMISSIONS WITH ADDITIVE 
MANUFACTURING

The Province of Québec in Canada provides excellent conditions 
to produce the metal alloy powders used in industrial 3D 
printers. AP&C—a GE Additive business—based in Montréal, 
Canada, sits at the heart of this region and is a major 
manufacturer of the titanium, nickel and aluminum powders 
used by the additive manufacturing industry.

The combination of Hydro-Québec supplying more than 98% of 
power from renewable sources to the grid and AP&C’s energy 
efficient, proprietary technology using plasma torches means 
that, by kilogram, the advanced atomization process—from raw 
titanium feedstock to the final metal powders supplied 
to customers—has a lower carbon footprint compared to 
conventional manufacturing techniques.

Because additive manufacturing only uses the metal needed 
to create parts, waste can be significantly reduced. This 
makes the buy-to-fly ratio of metal 3D printing lower than 
conventional, subtractive manufacturing.

And once in the additive value chain, the metal powders 
used in 3D printers can be safely retrieved, sieved and 
reused, before being eventually recycled. Some advanced 
additive manufacturing have managed to create virtually 
zero metal powder waste at their facilities.

Learn more 

 Learn more 

Our Collaborations  
GE Aerospace supports aviation industry efforts to decarbonize, which requires a holistic, global approach. Meeting the industry’s goal of net 
zero CO2 emissions from flight by 2050 requires deploying revolutionary technologies to reduce emissions and to advocate for increased use and 
availability of alternative fuels, such as Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF). 

GOVERNMENTS ADOPT NE T ZERO GOAL FOR GLOBAL AVIATION 
Following similar aviation industry targets, International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) member states in 2022 adopted a collective long-term 
global aspirational goal of net zero CO2 emissions by 2050. The milestone agreement signaled government backing for the industry’s sustainability 
ambitions. Members of Air Transport Action Group (ATAG), including GE Aerospace, previously adopted a goal of net zero CO2 emissions by 2050, 
confirming the aviation industry’s commitment to reduce CO2 emissions in support of the Paris Climate Agreement goal to limit global warming to 
1.5 degrees Celsius.

GE and CFM International23 are funding members with representation on the Board of Directors of ATAG. GE Aerospace is also a member of the U.S. 
Aerospace Industries Association, which has a similar target for commercial aviation manufacturers to work with airline customers and governments 
globally to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050. 

The European Commission is also on an ambitious trajectory to reduce CO2 emissions from flight. While governments work on legislative proposals, 
the European aviation industry issued Destination 2050, a report supported by GE Aerospace, announcing a pathway to net zero CO2 emissions by 
2050 and a 55% reduction by 2030 compared to 1990 levels. 

GE AEROSPACE NOW AN AVIATOR MEMBER OF 
SUSTAINABLE AVIATION BUYERS ALLIANCE 

Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance (SABA) is a nonprofit 
organization accelerating the path to net zero aviation 
by driving investment in, and adoption of, high-integrity 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel and supporting companies, 
airlines and freight customers in achieving their climate 
goals. GE Aerospace joined in 2022 in another example of 
how the company is engaged across the SAF ecosystem. 
GE Aerospace also helps qualify alternative jet fuels 
for safe operation in GE jet engines, leads standards-
setting committees for 100% drop-in SAF through ASTM 
International, and is a member of The Roundtable on 
Sustainable Biomaterials, which is helping standardize 
criteria for SAF feedstock. By joining SABA, GE Aerospace 
could help support a growing marketplace for SAF.

UNITED AIRLINES VENTURES SUSTAINABLE 
FLIGHT FUND

GE Aerospace was proud to join United Airlines and 
inaugural corporate partners to launch a first-of-its-kind 
venture capital fund—Called the United Airlines Ventures 
Sustainable Flight Fund—and accelerate the research, 
production and technologies associated with Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel. SAF will be critical for the aviation industry 
to meet net zero CO2 emissions by 2050. Today, all GE, CFM 
International23 and Engine Alliance24 engines in service can 
operate with approved SAF blends. One of our fuel experts 
chairs an international task force to develop standardized 
industry specifications supporting adoption of 100% drop-in 
SAF, which does not require blending with conventional 
jet fuel.

AVIO AERO MEMBER OF CLEAN AVIATION 

U.S. FAA CLEEN PROGRAM 

Avio Aero, part of the GE Aerospace business, has been a 
member of Clean Aviation (formerly Clean Sky 2  Program) 
since its founding in 2008. Currently, Avio Aero is on Clean 
Aviation’s governing board. The public-private partnership 
with the European Commission is the largest R&D program 
devoted to decarbonizing Europe’s aviation industry. Avio 
Aero has developed innovative propulsion technologies 
through the program, such as how to reduce CO2, NOx and 
noise emissions from turboprop aircraft and engines. In the 
new Clean Aviation course, Avio Aero is coordinating the 
AMBER hybrid electric demonstrator and the HYDEA project 
to develop a hydrogen combustion engine. Avio Aero is also 
associated with the OFELIA project, coordinated by Safran 
Aircraft Engines, to demonstrate open fan architecture in 
flight tests. 

23  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

24  Engine Alliance is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney.

GE Aerospace is advancing groundbreaking work to develop 
noise and emissions reducing technologies for aircraft 
engines under a research partnership with the U.S. Federal 
Aviation Administration (FAA). 

GE and the FAA are investing nearly $55 million over five 
years to accelerate development of a series of technologies 
for more sustainable aviation, including open fan engine 
architecture, electrification, noise-lowering technologies, as 
well as ongoing research into alternative jet fuels through 
the FAA’s Continuous Lower Energy, Emissions and Noise 
(CLEEN) program. GE Aerospace has received three CLEEN 
awards since 2010. 

42  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  43    

GE Aerospace’s25 Actions Toward Its 2050 Scope 3 Net Zero Ambition
In the preceding pages, GE Aerospace identifies the technology it is 
delivering today and GE Aerospace’s investments for the breakthrough 
technologies of tomorrow. As these pages show, GE Aerospace’s 
investments toward decarbonization technologies are uniquely diverse. GE 
Aerospace is innovating these technologies for our customers as we work to 
play a leadership role in the aviation sector meeting its 2050 net zero goals. 

like electrification of ground handling operations. Fuel providers, both 
traditional and new entrants, are investing to develop and bring lower 
carbon fuels to the marketplace at volume. Governments need to provide 
the right incentives to drive investment and adoption of new technologies 
and implement long discussed initiatives like the Single European Sky 
initiative to streamline air traffic management. Governments and private 
industry also have key roles to play in supporting development of new 
infrastructure needed to support alternate fuels. 

In 2021, GE announced an ambition to be a net zero company by 2050 
for its sold products, which is the most impactful and relevant emissions 
category given the nature of our businesses. By focusing GE Aerospace 
efforts on reducing Scope 3 use of sold products emissions, we will more 
effectively deliver the type of technology breakthroughs our customers are 
relying on to achieve their own net zero ambitions. 

In working to lead the development of technology for the aviation sector, we 
are informed by the role of aviation for sustainable development and broader 
industry trends. Aviation and the ability to travel are essential to sustainable 
development and building a world that works. Everyone in the world 
should have the right to stay connected to family, friends, job opportunities, 
healthcare and other essential benefits of travel. Access to safer, more 
sustainable and affordable transportation is essential to lifting the quality 
of life for all people and promoting equity. The United Nations affirms the 
essential role of transportation in sustainability through the following 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): decent work and economic 
growth (SDG 8), industry, innovation and infrastructure (SDG 9), reduced 
inequalities (SDG 10), and sustainable cities and communities (SDG 11), 
among others. 

Air travel today is responsible for approximately 2.1% of global CO2 
emissions, according to estimates from Air Transport Action Group (ATAG). 
However, as global populations and economies continue to grow, aviation 
industry passenger traffic is forecast to grow around 3% a year through 2050, 
according to ATAG. In order to meet the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement 
and reduce aviation sector emissions to the level needed to reach net zero 
emissions by 2050, there are clearly some big challenges ahead. 

Both the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and ATAG’s 
“Waypoint 2050” report highlight the need for a multifaceted approach 
to reach the target of net zero carbon emissions by 2050. IATA suggests 
the industry will need to reduce 21.2 gigatons of CO2 now through 2050 to 
achieve net zero. Clearly no single solution is capable of delivering this level 
of CO2 emissions reduction. 

All industry participants—airlines, airports, aerospace equipment 
manufacturers, fuel providers, governments and others—have a role 
to play. Aerospace manufacturers are working to provide technology 
advances to deliver aircraft and engines that generate significantly less CO2 
emissions with capability to operate with both blended and 100% alternate 
fuels. Airlines and airports might work together to drive improvements 

As described above, at GE Aerospace, we are working on technologies to 
improve engine fuel efficiency and support the qualification of alternative 
fuels compatible with GE engines with our unparalleled engineering 
and innovation know-how. We are also advancing the breakthrough 
innovations and ideas that will help the whole industry move even faster. 

OUR NE T ZERO PRINCIPLES
As one of the world’s leading companies in the aviation sector, 
we know the challenge is complex and we have to be nimble and 
committed as a company and with our partners to innovate the 
technology to succeed over the years and decades to come. We 
have several principles that are guiding our approach to our net 
zero ambitions: 

•  Credibility. Knowing this path will take decades, we prioritize 

credibility first and foremost with our stakeholders to share what 
we objectively know and don’t know. This also means as we get 
better and more credible information, we will share that with 
our stakeholders.

•  Continuous learning. Our analysis below is based on how we 
see things today. We are committed to continuous learning to 
enable more insights and opportunities to make a difference, 
and we expect to make progress over time.

•  Collaboration. We know no one company can solve these 

issues alone. With GE’s spirit of humility, we welcome 
continued collaborations with our customers, investors, 
regulators and peers to achieve success toward our goals. We 
summarize several of these key collaborations on page 43.
•  Commitment to innovation and technology. Simply stated, 
GE Aerospace’s role in the sector’s path toward net zero is to 
deliver state-of-the-art technology today to make progress 
while innovating the breakthrough technologies for tomorrow. 
Below, we synthesize the previous pages regarding how we see 
various technologies contributing toward this pathway. 

Applying these principles, we consider three pathways toward the net zero ambition:

AC TIO NS PRE- 2020

2020–2030

2030–2050

Building on substantial contributions 
from past action. Our efforts toward 
decarbonization began well before 2021. 
GE has long innovated its products 
to drive efficiencies and reduce CO2 
emissions by delivering state-of-the-art 
products. Our past efforts since 
2010 lay a strong foundation for the 
progress forward. 

Driving continued progress this 
decade. We are prioritizing the 2020s 
as a decade of action, with a focus on 
innovating the technology solutions 
needed to achieve net zero emissions 
in 2050. This will take several forms, 
including advancing technology with 
the potential to further reduce carbon 
emissions and carbon intensity in this 
decade and beyond.

Innovating for the future. While we 
are optimistic about the role of GE’s 
technologies to make progress through 
2030, we know they will not be enough 
to achieve 2050 net zero ambitions. We 
are investing today to innovate the next 
generation of breakthrough technologies 
to achieve the step changes that will be 
needed for the aviation sector.

25 

For more information on GE Aerospace’s Scope 3 Use of Sold Products Methodology, see Appendix II in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

1. BUILDING ON SUBSTANTIAL 
CONTRIBUTIONS FROM PAST AC TION 
GE Aerospace is a leader in the aviation industry’s path to net zero 
CO2 emissions with evolutionary, state-of-the-art technology today 
and investments in revolutionary, breakthrough technologies for 
tomorrow. GE’s legacy has been to innovate technology the world 
needs to improve the efficiency, reliability and safety of civil aviation 
to lift up the quality of life for people everywhere. 

From the GE9X, which is the culmination of our decade-long 
commercial product renewal, to the GE Passport and Catalyst 
business and general aviation engines, to the T901 and T408 
turboshafts for military helicopters, we have the industry’s broadest 
array of advanced engines offering better fuel efficiency and lower 
CO2 emissions than their predecessors with advances in engine 
architecture, aerodynamics and materials. Ceramic matrix composites 
(CMCs) are lighter weight than traditional metal alloys and more heat 
resistant, allowing engines made with CMCs to operate at higher 
temperatures with less cooling air. Additive manufacturing has led to 

2. DRIVING CONTINUED PROGRESS 
THIS DECADE
The aviation sector is uniquely united toward a net zero future. After 
GE announced our ambition in 2021 to be a net zero company by 
2050 for use of sold products, GE Aerospace supported a similar 2050 
goal set by Air Transport Action Group (ATAG) for net zero carbon 
emissions from flight. Also in 2021, GE Aerospace’s Chief Engineer 
joined other chief technology officers from across the industry to 
call for continued focus on sustainability in the aviation sector and 
to continue advancing state-of-the-art aircraft and engine design to 
reduce carbon emissions. GE Aerospace has joined the International 
Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG) to support development of 
standards for reporting Scope 3 use of sold products emissions across 
the aerospace industry. These standards will help GE Aerospace 
measure in a way that is consistent with other aviation stakeholders 
how the carbon intensity of our engines is reduced over time through 
introduction of new technologies and services that reduce emissions.

In terms of technology and innovation, implementation of next-
generation technology will be paced by the evolution of new aircraft 
and engine designs, infrastructure and regulations given the sector’s 
unique considerations relating to safety, reliability and the physics 
of aviation. Over the next decade, GE Aerospace expects to continue 
collaboration with others in our industry to drive increased availability 
and use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) while investing in new 
engine technologies to drive further reductions in the future. 

GE Aerospace has never been more focused on innovating technology 
to solve one of the world’s most pressing challenges—keeping people 
connected while reducing climate impacts. To that end, GE spent 
nearly $2 billion26 on aviation research and development in 2022, 
including emissions-reducing aviation technologies. 

GE Aerospace is also investing in and supporting technologies that 
can be quickly adopted to further reduce aviation CO2 emissions from 
the global fleet of engines in service. 

The following are technologies we see having impact this decade: 

SAF has been shown to provide reduction in overall CO2 lifecycle 
emissions up to 80% compared to fossil fuels. And SAF made by new 
approaches, such as those that convert captured CO2 and renewable 
hydrogen, has the potential to eliminate lifecycle CO2 emissions. 
Currently, SAF approved for use is a blend of petroleum-based Jet 
A or Jet A-1 fuel and a SAF component with a maximum blend limit 
of 50%. GE Aerospace holds leadership roles in SAF qualification 
and standardization bodies such as standards-setting body ASTM 
International, including committees and task forces in charge of new 
production pathway approvals, maintenance of the industry’s only 
synthetic fuel specification, and standardization of 100% drop-in27 
SAF, which does not require blending with conventional jet fuel. 
Increased availability and use of SAF is critical to reduce emissions in 
the existing fleet of installed aircraft engines and future fleets. That’s 
why GE Aerospace is advocating for incentives that encourage greater 

lighter weight engine parts with higher capabilities and more complex 
designs than parts made by conventional manufacturing methods. 
Including engine technology introduced by GE and CFM International28 
in the last decade for commercial aircraft, engines manufactured 
today consume 40% less fuel and emit 40% less CO2 compared to 
engines manufactured in the 1970s.

New Unit—Carbon Intensity (gCO 2/RPK)
Estimated net carbon 
intensity of commercial 
engine products installed 
on widebody, narrowbody, 
regional and business 
jet aircraft by year.

6.5

13.8%

5.6

(g CO2/Revenue Passenger 
Kilometers (RPK))
(net, new units, relative)

2010

2022

development across the supply chain to make SAF more available 
and affordable compared to conventional jet fuel. For example, GE 
Aerospace has joined the Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials 
(RSB), an independent, international organization helping develop 
market policies for SAF and helping ensure SAF feedstock is resourced 
responsibly. To learn more about our 2022 progress on SAF testing, 
see page 38.

GE’s proprietary 360 FOAM WASH is an advanced on-wing cleaning 
technology to help ensure engines continue to operate efficiently. 
In some cases, GE’s 360 Foam Wash has been found to significantly 
improve engine performance by reducing build-up of deposits in 
the engine, lowering engine exhaust temperatures and improving 
engine compressor efficiency. These improvements lead to reduced 
fuel consumption and lower CO2 emissions. GE’s 360 Foam Wash is 
approved for use on multiple GE engine programs, including models of 
GE90, GEnx, and CF34, as well as Engine Alliance’s29 GP7200 engines.

Japan Airlines, in 2022, became the first global CF34 engine operator 
to be licensed for the patented engine cleaning system, which the 
carrier estimated will save up to 82,000 liters of fuel and up to 285 
metric tons of carbon emissions a year by replacing some water 
washes with foam washes for CF34 engine cleaning.

GE DIGITAL has developed a suite of software applications to help 
aircraft operators reduce CO2 emissions and drive operational 
efficiencies. For example, FlightPulse® is a flight analytics tool that 
helps airline pilots improve safety and operational decision-making, 
including recommendations for fuel savings. Fuel Insight 
helps airlines identify areas of opportunity to improve their fuel 
consumption, while Airspace Insight offers flight path design and 
maintenance to assist aircraft operators in ensuring routes are 
optimally designed to minimize time, fuel and emissions. 

Use of Sold Products
Estimated lifetime emissions of commercial engine products 
installed on widebody, narrowbody, regional and business jet 
aircraft by year. Based on Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 3 
use of sold products, category 11 methodology.

Net emissions million metric tons CO2
(net, new units, absolute)

2 0 19 20 21 20 22
28

34

45

2021 results reflect a notable decrease in aircraft deliveries 
associated with COVID-19 impacts on the aviation industry and 
aircraft delivery delays on two aircraft types powered by GE and 
GE partnership engines. We continued to see some COVID-19 
impacts in 2022 on deliveries. We anticipate reported emissions 
from the use of aircraft will continue to grow in future years 
for a period of time with the post-pandemic return to flight 
and expected global growth in aviation passenger traffic. Our 
roadmap on the following pages identifies the technologies that 
we believe over time will support pathways to net zero.

44  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  45    

26  GE, customer and partner funded.

27  Drop-in SAF is fuel that can be dropped in to today’s existing engines, aircraft, and fuel delivery and storage systems without requiring any additional changes.

28  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

29 

Engine Alliance is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Pratt & Whitney.

3. INNOVATING FOR THE FUTURE
GE Aerospace is investing now in the technology needed to reduce 
both intensity and absolute emissions toward net zero by 2050. 
Knowing there is no one-size-fits-all solution, GE Aerospace is 
investing in a diverse portfolio of future technologies across the 
aviation sector, and intends to advance technologies in the near, mid 
and longer term. This is some of the world’s most complex technology, 
and we are focused today on the innovation that’s going to be needed 
for the future. For the technologies below, we are focused on three 
general phases for their development. Today, we are working in our 
labs and research centers on the advancement of the concepts and 
theories. In the middle of this decade, we aspire to start flight testing 
these technologies. We look to the middle of the 2030s as the likely 
time for introducing these technologies commercially.

Open fan
The open fan design is one of the advanced engine architectures 
CFM International30 is exploring through the CFM RISE31 (Revolutionary 
Innovation for Sustainable Engines) Program. GE Aerospace and Safran 
came together in June 2021 to launch the RISE31 Program, targeting 
more than 20% lower fuel consumption and CO2 emissions compared 
to today’s most efficient engines. Central to the program is state-of-
the-art propulsive efficiency through the open fan design. Since GE 
Aerospace first debuted an unducted fan in the 1980s, the open fan 
engine design has been made simpler, lighter and quieter with new 
approaches such as single-stage rotating carbon fiber composite fan 
blades and stationary composite outlet guide vanes. To learn more 
about our 2022 progress on open fan design, see page 40.

Electrification
GE Aerospace has been advancing electrification of aircraft and 
engine systems for more than a decade. During that time, GE 
Aerospace engineers matured individual components of a hybrid 
electric system, including motors, generators and power converters. 
Now, we will take what has been learned in laboratories and 
combine these technologies into an integrated electric machine and 
associated power electronics for ground and flight tests planned 
for the mid-2020s. Through a $260 million program with NASA, GE 
Aerospace is maturing a megawatt-class hybrid electric powertrain to 
demonstrate flight readiness for single-aisle aircraft using a modified 
Saab 340B testbed and GE’s CT7 turboprop engines. GE Aerospace, in 
2022, announced collaborations with Boeing to support the program’s 
flight tests and BAE Systems to design, test and supply energy 
management components.

Hydrogen
CFM International30 also launched, in 2022, a demonstration 
program in collaboration with Airbus to ground and flight test a 
direct combustion engine fueled by hydrogen. CFM International30 
will modify the combustor, fuel system and control system of a GE 
Passport turbofan to run on hydrogen, a fuel which doesn’t generate 
carbon emissions during the combustion process. Efforts to design 
and validate new combustor technology compatible with hydrogen 
will draw from GE’s more than 8 million hours of operating experience 
with hydrogen combustion in land-based gas and steam turbines. 
Revolutionary technologies and alternative fuels both have critical 
roles to play in meeting the aviation industry’s long-term climate goal 
of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 for commercial flight.

30  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

31  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Aviation industry view of energy options that could contribute to CO2 reduction

Consistent with our collaboration principle above, GE knows it will take partnership, to succeed for net zero for the aviation sector. GE 
serves on the Board of the Air Transport Action Group (ATAG), which produced the “Waypoint 2050” report addressing scenarios for the 
aviation sector toward net zero. GE’s innovation and technology—SAF, hybrid electric and hydrogen—described on these pages is core 
to the technical opportunities ATAG and the industry are identifying.

2020

2025

2030

2035

2040

2045

2050

Commuter
» 9-19 seats
» < 60 minute flights 
» <1% of industry CO2

Regional
» 50-100 seats
» 30-90 minute flights
» ~3% of industry CO2

Short haul
» 100-150 seats
» 45-120 minute flights
» ~24% of industry CO2

Medium haul
» 100-250 seats
» 60-150 minute flights
» ~43% of industry CO2

Long haul 
» 250+ seats
» 150 minute + flights
» ~30% of industry CO2

SAF

Electric  
and/or SAF

Electric  
and/or SAF

Electric  
and/or SAF

Electric  
and/or SAF

Electric  
and/or SAF

Electric  
and/or SAF

SAF

SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen  
fuel cell  
and/or SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen  
fuel cell  
and/or SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen  
fuel cell  
and/or SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen  
fuel cell  
and/or SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen  
fuel cell  
and/or SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen 
combustion  
and/or SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen 
combustion  
and/or SAF

Electric or 
hydrogen 
combustion  
and/or SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF  
potentially 
some  
hydrogen

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

SAF

Source: ATAG “Waypoint 2050” https://aviationbenefits.org/environmental-efficiency/climate-action/waypoint-2050/.

GE AEROSPACE: PATH TO NET ZERO AMBITION32

AC TIONS P RE-2 020

2020–2030

2030–2050

Building on substantial 
contributions from past action.

Driving continued progress  
this decade.

Innovating for the future.

CONTRIBUTING FACTORS

More fuel efficient commercial 
engine products certified: GE 
Passport, GEnx, CFM LEAP33, GE9X

Fewer part counts, optimized 
part designs from additive 
manufacturing vs. conventional 
manufacturing

More heat-resistant ceramic matrix 
composites vs. metal alloys

Lighter-weight, optimized 
part designs from additive 
manufacturing vs. conventional 
manufacturing

 All GE and joint venture engines 
can operate on approved 
Sustainable Aviation Fuel

 Flight Management System for 
optimized airport descent

 Support 100% Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel approval and 
adoption

Advocacy and industry partnering 
for wider SAF availability and 
adoption

360 Foam Wash adoption

Increased deployment of GE 
Digital, Aviation Software 
including FlightPulse®, Fuel 
Insight and Airspace Insight

 Increased use of additively 
manufactured and ceramic matrix 
composite engine parts

Open fan engine design  
(CFM RISE34 Program)

 Electrification of aircraft and 
engine systems

Hydrogen-fueled direct 
combustion engine

Compact engine core

Three-stream engine architecture

RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT 

TESTING 

COMMERCIALIZATION

BREAKTHROUGH TECHNOLOGIES TIMELINE

2022 PROGRESS

Passport, HF120 and GEnx engines 
successfully tested with 100% SAF. 
Learn more on page 38 

GE Aerospace and customers 
surpassed 2,000 360 Foam Washes 
since 2017. Learn more on page 37 

Qantas Airlines implemented GE 
Digital’s Airspace Insight solution. 
Learn more on page 39 

GE Aerospace unveiled turbine 
center frame casing, one of largest 
additively manufactured parts for the 
aerospace industry. Learn more on 
page 42 

Airbus and CFM International35 
announced plans to partner on 
open fan flight tests in second half 
of this decade. Learn more on 
page 41 

GE Aerospace first in the world 
to test high power, high voltage 
hybrid electric components in 
altitude conditions. Learn more 
on page 41 

Avio Aero launches hybrid electric 
technology demonstration 
program with hydrogen fuel cells. 
Learn more on page 41 

GE this decade will:

•  Advance technologies to lower the 
carbon intensity of its products.

•  Innovate and test the breakthrough 
technologies required to achieve the 
step changes needed for net zero in 
the future.

•  Prioritize partnerships to succeed in 

these outcomes.

GE will focus, working with other industry 
participants, on bringing into service 
breakthrough technologies in the mid-
2030s to help achieve absolute emission 
reductions for the aviation sector’s path 
to net zero.

IMPACTS

   40% 

reduction in fuel consumption 
and CO2 emissions compared to 
engines manufactured in 1970s 
and 1980s

46  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  47    

32  Lifecycle CO2 emissions from Scope 3 use of sold product.
33  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.
34  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.
35  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company of GE Aviation and Safran Aircraft Engines that produces CFM56 and LEAP engines.

  
 
GE RESEARCH
Delivering Innovation to Build a More Sustainable World   

U.S. Department of 
Energy Secretary 
Jennifer Granholm 
and Advanced 
Research Projects 
Agency Energy 
Director Evelyn 
Wang (center) 
demo GE's PLUTO 
robotic system at 
the 2023 ARPA-E 
Energy Innovation 
Summit in 
Washington, D.C.  

GE Research is our innovation engine where the solutions to our energy challenges are being developed and shaped 
today. Our ~1,000 scientists and engineers, including more than 500 Ph.D.s, partner with an expansive innovation 
network of industry, government and academic partners to achieve our sustainability goals across the energy sector and 
for the future of flight. 

With major research facilities in the U.S. and India, we are the global 
innovation engine for the GE Vernova and GE Aerospace businesses. 
Together with our businesses and innovation partners, we’re 
developing the new products and technologies to address our most 
pressing sustainability needs.

Over the past five years, we have significantly grown our network of 
external partnerships with the U.S. government. With a portfolio of 237 
programs worth $370 million, we are closely aligned on key research 
priorities to address climate change and help drive more sustainable 
air travel.  

During the past year, GE Research has created and launched a new 
Technology Incubation team at its Niskayuna, New York, research 
campus to enhance our sustainable innovation commercialization 
efforts in the private sector. A key focus of this team will be to turn high 
potential technologies under development by GE researchers into the 
next start-up businesses alongside external investor partners to further 
our sustainability goals. The team already has identified close to a half 
dozen potential startups that include a new manufacturing process 
using 3D printing to make wind turbine components, a revolutionary 
new method to produce clean, potable drinking water, and cutting-
edge developments in cybersecurity to safeguard critical infrastructure 
like power grids, with dozens of additional projects in the pipeline.

As GE launches more focused, industry leaders in energy and flight, 
GE Research is working in parallel with these new companies to stand 
up dedicated advanced research centers to support their innovation 
objectives more directly. In energy and aerospace specifically, GE 
researchers are focused on driving key technology advancements to 
deliver cleaner solutions on the ground and in the skies.

MORE ELECTRIC POWER AND PROPULSION
At GE Vernova, teams of scientists and engineers are developing new 
wind turbine designs and automation of services to accelerate onshore 
and offshore wind power on the ground. In tandem, they are advancing 
critical power electronics, controls and digital technologies required to 
build a 21st century grid that is becoming more renewables intensive.

For GE Aerospace, GE Research has dedicated teams with deep 
experience in electrical systems and propulsion technologies to 
support GE Aerospace’s initiatives in hybrid electric propulsion to 
enable more sustainable air travel.

DECARBONIZING THE AIR AND SKIES
We have dedicated research teams for advancing breakthrough 
concepts in carbon capture, including direct air capture (DAC), and 
driving carbon free fuel initiatives, such as 100% hydrogen power 
turbines and nuclear power with the advancement of small modular 
reactor designs.

Meanwhile in the aerospace sector, GE engineers are complementing 
their efforts to enable more electric propulsion with the development 
of technologies to enable net zero carbon fuel alternatives with 
hydrogen-fueled jet engines and the adoption of Sustainable 
Aviation Fuel.

NEW CAGE (CLIMATE ACTION@GE) L AB L AUNCHED 
TO REVOLUTIONIZE CARBON CAPTURE 

RESTORING POWER FASTER FOR UNDERSERVED 
COMMUNITIES IN PUERTO RICO

The CAGE Lab, launched by GE Research in 2021, is at the 
center of innovative advancements to decarbonize the 
power sector. It is home to a highly multidisciplinary team 
of more than 50 scientists and engineers developing unique 
systems for post-combustion carbon capture and direct 
air capture (DAC), which remove carbon from flue gas and 
the air, respectively. This effort has brought together GE’s 
core competencies in thermal management, advanced 
manufacturing and innovative materials to capture carbon 
dioxide. The team has been actively testing a demonstration 
DAC unit in the lab, with a future objective of enabling an 
economical, large-scale solution for helping customers and 
companies achieve their decarbonization and climate goals. 

GE Research, together with the National Renewable Energy 
Laboratory (NREL); LUMA Energy, which operates and 
manages the electrical grid in Puerto Rico; Sandia National 
Laboratories; and GE’s Renewable Energy and Digital 
businesses have been awarded a three-year, $4.5 million 
project from the U.S. Department of Energy to develop and 
pilot an automated power restoration system in Puerto Rico 
that would enable a community to rapidly restore electricity 
following extreme weather events such as a hurricane.  

The automated power system will integrate advanced 
sensors, software, distributed solar and storage, and other 
features, with the goal of reducing restoration time from 
weeks and months to hours and days. This system could serve 
as a model for all communities in quickly restoring electricity 
to homes and businesses.  Learn more 

DEVELOPING FUNDAMENTAL BUILDING BLOCKS 
OF HYBRID ELECTRIC FLIGHT   

GE Research’s hybrid electric aviation team has been 
developing the fundamental components to help enable 
commercial scale hybrid electric flight for two decades. The 
team is partnering with the Advanced Research Projects 
Agency for Energy (ARPA-E) on three projects to develop 
the powertrain, power generation system and cabling to 
enable a hybrid electric propulsion system that is suitable for 
supporting a 150-200 seat narrow body commercial airplane. 
Recently, the lab was awarded a second phase of funding 
from ARPA-E to continue scaling the development of the 
powertrain. Learn more 

PUSHING PAST PRODUCTION BARRIERS

While GE is principally involved with the end-use applications 
of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), we are applying some of 
our research experience and in-house SAF expertise to find 
ways to help boost SAF availability and production more 
broadly for the aviation industry. GE scientists and engineers 
have ongoing collaborations to explore new feedstock options 
through technologies like carbon capture. Additionally, an 
interdisciplinary team of experts was formed in 2022 to study 
the most promising pathways for addressing critical barriers 
to increase SAF production in the future. 

48  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  49    

PART II 

|  OUR PROCESS

How GE Operates to 
Succeed in Our Mission

At GE, we focus not just on what we do, but how we do it. We 
are guided by an active and engaged Board of Directors, with 
leadership that sets the example of a culture of integrity that is 
core to everything we do.

As we work to unleash our full potential as three independent 
industry leaders committed to energy, health and flight, 
we continue to develop and deliver products and services 
for growth sectors that are critical to building a world that 
works. A key element of our sustainability strategy is to 
implement lean management principles across the enterprise 
to drive continuous improvement for purposeful outcomes. 
And we continue to invest in our people, one of our most 
valuable assets.

Independent Board Leadership
2023 leadership1

• 

• 

• 

• 

THOMAS HORTON
Lead Director

ISABELL A GOREN
CHAIR: Audit Committee

STEPHEN ANGEL
CHAIR: Management 
Development & 
Compensation Committee

PAUL A ROSPUT 
RE YNOLDS
CHAIR: Governance & Public 
Affairs Committee

Board Oversight

The Board of Directors (Board) sets the tone from the top for GE’s culture. 
GE’s Board has oversight responsibility for management’s establishment 
and execution of corporate strategy. The Board also provides 
independent risk oversight, with a focus on the most significant risks 
facing the company. The Board’s Governance & Public Affairs Committee 
(Governance Committee) strives to maintain an independent Board 
with broad and diverse experience and judgment that is committed to 
representing the long-term interests of our stakeholders. When assessing 
Board composition, the Governance Committee considers a wide range of 
factors including:

•  Creating an experienced, qualified Board with high personal integrity 

and character, and expertise in areas relevant to GE and the 
company’s strategy.

•  Enhancing the Board’s diversity of backgrounds, specifically 

attributes such as race, ethnicity, gender, cultural background and 
professional experience.

•  Complying with regulatory requirements and the Board’s 

independence guidelines.

As we progress on our plans to launch GE Aerospace and GE Vernova 
as independent companies with their own boards of directors, 
the Governance Committee will seek director candidates whose 
experiences support each company’s future strategy and industry 
focus, with the goal of creating dedicated boards of directors with deep 
domain expertise.

The Board recognizes the long-term interests of the company require 
responsibly addressing the concerns of stakeholders beyond just 
shareholders, including employees, recruits, customers, suppliers, 
communities, government officials and the public at large.

The Board oversees the execution of GE’s sustainability priorities and 
initiatives as an integrated part of the company’s overall strategy and 
risk management. Matters related to sustainability often span multiple 
functional categories and areas of oversight, and therefore involve 
discussion at the full Board level as well as individual committees.

In that regard, relevant focus areas for the full Board in 2022 included:

•  Energy transition. Strategy for the energy transition.

•  Climate change. GE’s ambitions, goals and reporting related 

to greenhouse gas emission reductions from customers’ use of 
sold products.

•  Enterprise risk management. Primary risks and opportunities 

across GE’s businesses, including risks related to climate change and 
other sustainability matters.

1 

Reflects Board leadership as of May 3, 2023.

The Governance Committee also plays an important role in GE’s 
sustainability oversight, and has primary oversight of GE’s priorities 
and external reporting related to sustainability/ESG matters, as well as 
policies and strategies related to political spending and lobbying, human 
rights, and environment, health and safety.

Relevant focus areas for the Governance Committee in 2022 included: 

•  Safety. Regular updates on safety programs and performance 

throughout GE.

•  Climate policy engagement. Public policy advocacy and lobbying 

related to climate change and the energy transition. 

•  Sustainability programs. Sustainability programs and performance, 

and the transition of programs and reporting to each of the three 
planned independent public companies. 

The Audit Committee also has a role in sustainability matters to 
the extent these topics relate to financial reporting and regulatory 
requirements, including reporting on these matters in SEC filings and 
data quality related to this reporting.

Board Oversight of Public Policy 
and Lobbying

The Governance Committee, composed solely of independent directors, 
oversees the company’s political spending and lobbying activities, including 
external reporting on such activities. This includes political and campaign 
contributions as well as any contributions to trade associations and other 
tax-exempt and similar organizations that may engage in political activity. 
The Governance Committee is responsible for the following:

•  Policy oversight. A yearly review of GE’s political spending policies and 

lobbying practices.

•  Budget oversight. Approval of GE’s annual budget for political activities.

•  Reporting. Reviewing semi-annual updates on political spending, both 
through company expenditures and through the employee-managed 
political action committee (GEPAC).

GE currently discloses the names of all trade associations receiving more 
than $50,000 from the company, including the portion of the company’s 
payment used for lobbying or political expenditures, as well as any 
contributions to 501(c)(4)s, beginning with contributions made in 2018. 
GE’s political spending has declined in recent years and, in 2022, GE did 
not contribute any corporate funds to political campaigns, committees or 
candidates for public office. In this year’s Sustainability Report, we are again 
providing a description of how GE’s climate lobbying activities align with the 
goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, see pages 89-96.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  51    

50  | GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y REPORT 

Board Focus on Climate Change
The energy transition and climate change have been significant areas of focus at the Board level. At its meetings throughout 2022, the Board 
regularly reviewed climate change-related risks and opportunities across GE’s business. The Board is actively engaged with GE leadership on related 
topics such as the competitive landscape for our businesses amidst climate-related shifts in technology, product and service demand; analysis 
of potential pathways for decarbonization; customer, shareholder and other stakeholder expectations; the company’s decarbonization strategy, 
including those of the planned independent companies; and reducing the environmental impact of GE’s own operations and customers’ use of our 
sold products. For example, the Board discussed and helped shape decisions such as setting a goal for GE to become carbon neutral by 2030 in our 
own operations; our ambition to be net zero by 2050 for the Scope 3 emissions associated with the use of sold products and subsequent reporting 
on those emissions; the exit from the new-build coal business; and engagement on climate change policy. This focus is also reflected in the Board’s 
Governance Principles and committee charters, which highlight its role in the oversight of sustainability and climate change-related matters.

Long Ridge Energy 
Terminal and GE 
commissioned 
and demonstrated 
the first advanced 
class hydrogen-
burning power 
plant worldwide 
using GE’s HA gas 
turbine.

Board Oversight: Key Areas Related to Sustainability

FULL BOARD

AUDIT COMMITTEE

•  Strategy for the energy transition and climate change, 

•  Regulatory, compliance and litigation risks 

including climate-related risks and opportunities 

•  GE’s ambition and goals related to greenhouse gas 

emission reductions 

•  Sustainability, including external reporting

•  Health and safety of employees and communities 

•  Enterprise risk management 

•  Developments in ESG reporting and analysis

•  Programs and performance

•  Climate change and energy transition policy engagement

•  Financial reporting, systems and internal controls 

•  Cybersecurity 

•  Enterprise risk management framework

•  In coordination with the Governance Committee, oversight 
of external reporting related to sustainability matters and 
data quality related to this reporting

GOVERNANCE & PUBLIC AFFAIRS 
COMMITTEE

MANAGEMENT DE VELOPMENT &   
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE

•  Priorities and external reporting related to 

•  Strategies and policies related to human capital 

sustainability matters 

•  Corporate governance 

•  Public policy and government relations activities, including 

political spending and lobbying activities

•  Environmental, health and safety matters 

•  Human rights 

•  Support of full Board’s oversight on climate change

management, including diversity, equity and inclusion; 
workplace environment and culture; talent recruitment and 
development; engagement and retention

•  External reporting related to diversity and pay equity 

•  Executive compensation, including determination 

of metrics to include in long and short-term 
incentive programs

HOW GE  
ENGAGES WITH ITS 
STAKEHOLDERS

For more information, see GE’s 2023 Proxy Statement.

52  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  53    

EMPLOYEES• Regular company or business-wide emails and videos from senior leadership, including InsideESG@GE video blogs for GE employees • Leadership town halls, discussions and educational webinars, including opportunities for questions and answers • Open reporting and ombuds system • Engagement and culture survey • Performance management system “People, Performance and Growth”INVESTORS• Strong commitment to transparency—communicate strategic, operational and financial results and progress on priorities • Quarterly earnings conference calls open to investors and available on our website • Annual investor days • Participation in sell-side conference presentations • Annual meeting of shareholders • Investor relations newsletters and website • Year-round engagement with shareholders, including on governance and sustainability mattersCOMMUNITIES• GE locations empowered to support charitable organizations based on the needs of the local community • GE volunteers giving back to the communities where GE people live and work • The GE Foundation committed to transforming our communities and shaping the diverse workforce of tomorrow by leveraging the power of GE• Outreach and meaningful participation with local communities and stakeholders on decisions with broader impactCUSTOMERS• Meetings with senior executives at the business and corporate level• Engagement strategy driven by business leadership depending on industrySUPPLIERS• Commitment to an ethical supply chain program and Supplier Integrity Guide for suppliers• Communication and training to all suppliers on compliance and integrity expectations• Onboarding engagement assessment and manufacturing site review• For direct material suppliers in higher risk countries under the Supplier Responsibility Governance program, more extensive engagement at onboarding, including site audit and continued communication and assessment during their time as a GE supplier• Access to GE’s open reporting and ombuds systemSELECTED MEMBERSHIPS• Participant in the UN Global Compact • Founding member of the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights • Member of the Institute for Human Rights and Business’ initiative, Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment • Member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) • Board member, Center for Climate and Energy Solutions • Member, World Business Council for Sustainable Development • Member, The Global FightREGULATORS/GOVERNMENT AGENCIES• Pursuit of honest broker relationships with government stakeholders to promote collaborative, win-win outcomes on sustainability and environmental issues • Strong partnership on domestic and global stage in pursuit of climate change and sustainability goals and policies • Commitment to regulatory compliance and strong performance • Engagement to support decision makers in sustainability goals, including climate change and decarbonization • For details on GE activities and partnerships in support of government goals and climate change policies, see pages 89-96.Integrated Approach to Strategy, 
Risk and Sustainability

OUR COMPANY STRATEGY FOCUSES ON WHAT IS NEEDED 
TO BUILD A SUSTAINABLE WORLD THAT WORKS.
The energy transition and the future of flight are critical challenges facing our world, and 
GE has a meaningful role to play in providing global solutions for each. Over the last several 
years, as we considered opportunities and risks across our businesses and industries, we 
have sharpened and standardized our focus on the external dynamics—including markets, 
customers, competitors and changes in the regulatory environment—that form the context 
of our strategic decisions. And in the spirit of kaizen—continuous improvement—our 
standardized strategy and risk processes force us to regularly revisit our assumptions 
and processes so we can adapt as our internal and external environments change. In a 
world where we will never have perfect information or complete control, our strengthened 
programs and processes are designed so the company makes decisions in a structured, 
objective manner, and with an appropriate view for the long term.

CHRIS PEREIRA 
Chief Strategy Officer and  
Chief Risk Officer

Sustainability is integrated with strategy development and risk 
management across the company. GE’s sustainability lens is used 
to focus on operations and priorities within each business, and 
cross-functional committees and teams at the leadership level align 
strategic priorities and culture.

GE’s Enterprise Risk 
Management Framework
Our enterprise risk management framework informs the process for 
long-term strategy reviews that each business undertakes annually. 
Operationally, this framework also informs our delegations of authority 
and commercial underwriting, which take into account a range of risks 
such as strategic alignment, supply chain, inflation, cybersecurity, and 
country and counterparty risk. Our businesses all assess their top risks 
against a consistent framework each quarter. The process requires the 
business to:

•  Define and identify enterprise risks.

•  Prioritize the top risks and opportunities.

•  Assess existing action plans to mitigate risk.

The process also requires the business to identify owners at each 
stage of the process, instilling business ownership throughout the 
risk assessment process. At the corporate level, the Corporate Risk 
Working Group—a small group of key functional leaders, as well 
as the Chief Risk Officer—meets quarterly to assess enterprise-
wide risks as well. The Audit Committee oversees GE’s enterprise 
risk management framework and receives a quarterly enterprise 
risk report from the Chief Risk Officer. GE business leaders also 
periodically review their risk management programs and top risks 
with the Audit Committee, and it is the business CEOs—rather than 
a compliance or legal professional—who lead discussions with the 
Audit Committee to provide strong business accountability for risk 
management. In addition, each business CEO meets regularly with 
the Board to review their strategies and operations. Our Governance 
Principles and committee charters define the risk areas for which 
each committee has ongoing oversight responsibility, while the 
Board, as a whole, focuses on the most significant risks facing 
the company. 

We periodically review a range of actual and projected metrics in 
assessing these types of risks and opportunities, including new unit 
equipment sales, power generation by asset type, levelized cost of 
energy, levelized cost of storage, fuel prices (including natural gas 
and hydrogen), pricing for mandatory and voluntary carbon offsets 
or credits, and internal and external modeling. Our consideration 
of top climate-related risks and opportunities also feeds into 
our annual long-term strategy review process, during which our 
businesses evaluate a handful of key questions related to their 
long-term strategies. 

In our strategy development, we seek to build on GE’s strengths in 
both innovating technologies and solutions to continue driving the 
global energy transition and creating resilience in our businesses’ 
strategies to adapt to potential transition risks from the range of 
potential pathways for decarbonization and other factors that could 
significantly affect GE’s approach in the decades ahead.

We seek to continuously improve our processes to identify, assess 
and respond to these types of climate-related opportunities and 
risks, as this remains central to the strategy for our businesses.

ENTERPRISE RISK MANAGEMENT 
FRAME WORK

STRATEGIC RISK

OPERATIONAL RISK

FINANCIAL RISK

LEGAL & COMPLIANCE RISK

REPUTATIONAL RISK

Operationalizing and Improving GE’s Sustainability Efforts Through 
the Sustainability Council 
In 2021, GE made a further organizational commitment to elevate 
its broader sustainability strategy with the appointment of GE’s first 
Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO). This position coordinates efforts 
by our business leaders, engineers and strategic thinkers to ensure 
we improve our impacts to our communities, people and planet in 
measurable and meaningful ways. The CSO also supports efforts 
for GE’s technology and innovation to address the pressing global 
challenges addressed in this report.

closer collaboration between GE’s leaders and governments, policy 
makers, NGOs, and our investors, communities and peers. The CSO 
also coordinates efforts to operationalize GE’s sustainability efforts by 
approaching sustainability with the same high expectations of rigor and 
accountability that we use to run our businesses, using lean principles 
and, as described in more detail in this report, continuously improving 
toward our goals.

Starting in 2021, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer convened a business-
wide Sustainability Council staffed by each GE business and corporate 
function. Typically, the Sustainability Council met weekly in 2022 and 
focused internally and externally on three overarching goals:

•  Ensuring progress toward delivering on GE’s sustainability 

commitments.

•  Improving and installing operational programs to address gaps in GE’s 

sustainability programs.

•  Building strong and independent ESG programs and operations for 

each business prior to their separation from GE so that sustainability 
is core to the new businesses on day one.

The Sustainability Council partners with a diverse range of external 
stakeholders to deliver on our commitments, improve our programs 
and prepare for the separation. These efforts and progress are reflected 
in this report.

Beyond the Sustainability Council, sustainability at GE is the ultimate 
team effort, with GE’s employees united in realizing the success of 
our mission. The CSO helps GE accelerate outcomes by promoting 

ESG Issues Assessments Overview

ESG ISSUES ASSESSMENTS FOR GE AND 
EACH BUSINESS
In 2021, GE engaged in an ESG issues assessment with our internal and 
external stakeholders for GE and the Aerospace, HealthCare, Power 
and Renewable Energy businesses. The results of these assessments 
are helping to guide ESG and sustainability priorities and strategies 
with the benefit of input from our employees, customers, investors, 
NGOs and other stakeholders, and provided an overarching blueprint 
on how our priorities aligned with our stakeholders’ expectations. We 
share the process and output below.

To build upon this work in 2022, each business provided a quarterly 
update on progress toward greenhouse gas Scope 1 and 2 reduction 
goals, detailed on pages 87-88, and ongoing progress on innovating 
the technology toward Scope 3 goals, detailed on pages 32-35 and 
44-47. We further analyzed changes in voluntary ESG frameworks and 
standards and our stakeholders’ expectations. Based on this analysis, 
our 2022 ESG issues prioritization remains the same as in 2021, with 
improved operations and programs, as described below, to position 
the businesses for leadership on these core topics on day one of their 
independent operations. 

GE conducted an assessment to develop a list of priority topics deemed relevant for sustainability strategy for each business unit, followed 
by interviews with internal and external stakeholders to validate and prioritize topics. Based on the insights gained, an ESG issues matrix was 
developed and the final list of high priority topics was reviewed against GE reports to identify potential gaps and provide recommendations for 
future reporting.

1

2

3

DE VELOP INITIAL LIST   
OF KE Y TOPICS
Consolidate topics, external reporting 
frameworks, ESG rating agencies  
and peers

STAKEHOLDER 
VALIDATION
Conduct interviews with internal and 
external stakeholders to identify the most 
impactful topics to GE’s business units

PROVIDE 
RECOMMENDATIONS
Develop an ESG issues matrix and 
assess GE’s existing reporting against 
the validated priority issues

Input: Initial perspective on potential 
priority topics for GE’s industry

Output: Summary report synthesizing the priority topics, feedback and insights 
from the activities above

54  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  55    

Approach to Identifying and Validating Topics

Across four business units, inclusive of corporate, GE used a combination of internal and external research to develop a list of initial topics 
deemed most impactful on its ESG strategy in 2021. This included, but was not limited to, the assessment of over 20 peer reports and 
analysis of key topics from frameworks and standards for eight different industries. Interviews with nearly 80 relevant internal and external 
stakeholders were used to refine and validate the initial topics.

INPUT S

DE TAILED INP UT S

VALIDATION

OUTP UT

L
A
N
R
E
T
N

I

E
G

L
A
N
R
E
T
X
E

•  Previous internal ESG risk assessments (e.g., climate risks)

•  Investor/customer/employee presentations; SEC filings, 

other public disclosures

•  Overall business strategy plans and goals/targets (e.g., 

product design, human capital commitments, long-range 
financial budgets)

•  Customer, employee, activist and regulator feedback 

obtained

•  Peer and industry leading disclosures

•  Criteria assessed by external ESG raters (e.g., MSCI, 

Sustainalytics)

•  Leading sustainability reporting frameworks (e.g., SASB, 

TCFD, UN SDGs) and regulators (EU Regs)

GE Vernova
Operating in the same market and ecosystem, there is an unsurprising 
overlap between the most impactful ESG issues identified by the 
stakeholders of GE’s Power and Renewable Energy businesses, which 
will become part of GE Vernova. Climate change remains a core issue to 
address across the Energy portfolio, and the businesses have a strong 
position to build from, both operationally and through products and 
strategy as they join forces as part of one leading energy company to 
tackle the world’s biggest challenge. The ESG issues assessment also 
confirmed the existing strong emphasis on governance and ethics, 
and protecting and supporting employees’ safety and well-being, are 
fundamental for the path forward. Those strong cultural pillars will be 
even more important as we continue to bring leading energy transition 

23

peer reports  
reviewed

3

frameworks and 
standards assessed

2

country-specific 
horizon scans 
performed

34

internal 
stakeholder 
groups 
interviewed

10

customer  
groups 
interviewed

The ESG issue 
topics in the 
following 
matrices 
represent 
the most 
impactful 
ESG topics to 
GE businesses 
from the full 
universe of 
ESG topics.

technology forward. Our stakeholders care deeply about how we do that 
and highlight in their feedback that our emphasis on product design and 
lifecycle management, as well as product quality and safety, are critical 
to prioritize across the Renewable Energy and Power businesses. With 
the evolution of a combined energy business portfolio, we look forward 
to the opportunity to take a more holistic approach to further strengthen 
programs in those areas, completely aligning with our ambition to 
advance our leading role in the energy transition.

RENEWABLE ENERGY

POWER

•  Climate Change 

& Resiliency

•  Governance & 

Ethics

•  Product Design 

& Lifecycle 
Management

•  Health, Safety 
& Well-being

•  Product Quality 

& Safety

•  Supply Chain 
Management

•  Data Security

•  Talent 

Management & 
Engagement

•  Climate Change 

& Resiliency

•  Governance & 

Ethics

•  Product Design 

•  Business Model 

& Lifecycle 
Management

•  Product Quality 

& Safety

Resilience

•  Health, Safety 
& Well-being

•  Data Security

•  Human Rights 
& Community 
Relations

•  Supply Chain 
Management

•  Access, 

Affordability & 
Health Equity

•  Diversity, Equity 

•  Talent 

& Inclusion

Management & 
Engagement

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S
o
t

t
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

•  Critical 

Incident Risk 
Management

•  Water & 

•  Waste & 

Wastewater 
Management

Hazardous 
Materials 
Management

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S
o
t

t
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

•  Human Rights 
& Community 
Relations

•  Critical 

Incident Risk 
Management

•  Business Model 

Resilience

•  Diversity, Equity 

& Inclusion

•  Access, Affordability & 

Health Equity

•  Waste & Hazardous 

Materials Management

•  Water & Wastewater 

Management

7HA gas turbine 
compressor in 
Greenville, South 
Carolina.

GE Aerospace
Climate change, governance and ethics, and product quality and safety 
were the top issues identified by both internal and external stakeholders 
of GE Aerospace. This strong alignment is not a surprise given the nature 
of our business and the critical contribution of each element to safe and 
more sustainable flight. Our commitment to each of these areas can be 
seen through our current activities. As an example, our commitment 
to climate change is clearly demonstrated in our commercial portfolio 
renewal (see page 37), efforts supporting Sustainable Aviation Fuel (see 
page 38) and our focus on innovative breakthrough technologies (see page 
40). This assessment also confirmed our efforts focused on employee 
safety and well-being, data security, product design and lifecycle 
management (see page 97), talent management and engagement, and 
inclusion and diversity (see page 72) are indeed core to our continued 
success. We have made much progress in each of these areas and 
remain committed to continuing to strengthen and expand our efforts to 
accelerate the pace of change in our business. 

Corporate
The GE Corporate assessment reinforces that GE’s success 
on its climate change goals—instilling a culture of ethics and 
compliance, and its safety focus—are top priorities internally and 
externally where we must lead for success. As described above, 
we are taking stronger steps to communicate our commitment 
to product safety and quality, and to advance our programs on 
product stewardship. We share our stakeholders’ interests in 
securing the highest standards on human rights and a strong 
priority of diversity and inclusion. Our separate reports detail our 
efforts and initiatives.

•  Climate Change 

& Resiliency

•  Governance & 

Ethics

•  Product Quality 

& Safety

•  Health, Safety 
& Well-being

•  Data Security

•  Product Design 

& Lifecycle 
Management

•  Diversity, Equity 

•  Talent 

& Inclusion

•  Supply Chain 
Management

Management & 
Engagement

•  Waste & Hazardous 

Materials 
Management

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S
o
t

t
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

•  Climate Change 

& Resiliency

•  Governance & 

Ethics

•  Product Design 

•  Diversity, Equity 

& Lifecycle 
Management

& Inclusion

•  Product 

Quality & 
Safety

•  Health, Safety 
& Well-being

•  Human Rights 
& Community 
Relations

•  Regulatory 

Engagement

•  Data Security

•  Talent 

Management & 
Engagement

•  Supply Chain 
Management

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
S
o
t

t
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

Impact on GE

Impact on GE

56  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

Impact on GE

Impact on GE

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  57    

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
LEAN MANAGEMENT SUPPORTING SUSTAINABILITY PRIORITIES
Our Strategy for Continuous Improvement and 
Eliminating Waste

AWAITING 2022 UPDATES

One of the 15 
control centers 
where kaizen 
participants 
gathered to dig 
into the problem of 
missed deadlines at 
Avio Aero’s plant in 
Pomigliano d’Arco, 
Italy (photo credit: 
Avio Aero).

Lean continues to be the way we run our businesses and it is becoming 
more deeply embedded across the organization. A lean mindset 
focuses on safety, quality, delivery and cost (SQDC)—in that order—and 
gives us the tools and instincts to make the right decisions and 
necessary trade-offs. By deeply embedding lean principles and tools, 
we are creating a problem-solving culture, serving our customers 
better, and making progress on our pledge to achieve carbon neutrality 
in our own operations by 2030, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions. Lean continues to generate new opportunities for sustained 
improvements and waste elimination. 

Our teams from a variety of functions—including environment, health, 
safety, quality, engineering and supply chain—work together regularly 
with support from GE lean leaders to go to genba, or “where the work is 
done,” and drive process improvements to eliminate waste. Our teams 
are able to problem solve at the point of impact, introduce standard 
work and integrate a more rigorous daily management cadence. All of 
this work is helping us reduce our carbon footprint and emissions and 
be more efficient, all while delivering essential, life-enhancing products 
quickly and efficiently.

GE employees are embracing the opportunity to get better every day 
with a continuous improvement mindset. This mindset is the business 
philosophy incorporated into lean management that is at the core 
of GE’s culture—and it’s evident across the work our employees 
do each day. For example, at our GE Aerospace site in Greenville, 
South Carolina, our team performs complex machining operations 
and detailed inspections on high-pressure turbine blades. With a clear 
focus on reducing blade delivery lead time, the team knew they could 
deliver better results, driving them to create standard lines, which 
in turn improved part flow. This has reduced lead time by more than 
10 days, with a clear target for more reduction to come, improving our 
operations for our customers and reducing inventory.

Going to genba at GE Aerospace in Hooksett, New Hampshire.

“Developing a lean mindset takes many years, but we 
are gaining ground—removing the waste that holds us 
back to allow for real breakthroughs.”

Larry Culp
Chairman and CEO, GE 
CEO, GE Aerospace

IMPROVING FACTORY ERGONOMICS WITH LEAN 
Workers at GE Aerospace’s Lafayette, Indiana, jet 
engine manufacturing plant were facing a problem. In the 
CFM International LEAP2 engine’s compressor module assembly, 
technicians had to hand-start 48 nuts using only a quarter-inch 
socket extension and with limited visibility. This is a tedious 
process that forced technicians to use repetitive wrist and 
hand movements. 

A cross-functional team used lean to come up with a creative 
solution. They developed computer-aided design software 
to draw up a prototype of a gear-driven socket wrench, 
borrowing on a gear-and-belt concept from another tool in 
use at the plant. The technicians added a small mirror to the 
wrench, which would allow them to see into the blind flange 
of the module and ensure that a nut is installed. The newly 
designed tool also allowed them to keep their arms, wrists and 
shoulders in a more neutral position. The new nut assembly 
tool not only improved operations, it eliminated ergonomic risk 
factors and prevented injuries.

USING LEAN TO REDUCE EMISSION AND 
ENERGY COSTS
At our Gas Power facility in Schenectady, New York, the 
GE team builds and services steam turbines and generators 
for customers around the world. Compressed air is used 
to power pneumatic motors and other machines that help 
keep numerous assembly lines and shops running smoothly. 
However, the largest building on campus, at 1.1 million square 
feet, was releasing compressed air, and finding the leak in that 
vast amount of space was no simple task. The team went to 
genba to identify the source—a powerful air dryer used to keep 
generator parts dry was malfunctioning. It was purging air at 
an abnormally high rate, which was wasting compressed air 
and electricity. The team examined and immediately adjusted 
the regeneration cycle and consulted experts to replace 
controls and reprogram the unit. With these improvements, 
the team expects to lower the building’s energy usage as well 
as electricity costs. The Schenectady Facilities Operations 
team does not plan to stop here. They intend to install meters 
to monitor the air system and find leaks quickly while also 
identifying other opportunities to reduce energy consumption.

EMBRACING LEAN TO BOOST PRODUCTIVIT Y AND 
ENHANCE SAFET Y
The GE Grid Solutions Advanced Manufacturing Facility in 
Clearwater, Florida, is helping lead a new era of energy by 
helping to build a cleaner, better future. With hundreds of 
employees across various buildings, workstations and offices 
in the 190,000-square-foot facility, the sheer scale and 
complexity of the plant made it difficult to identify production 
line inefficiencies, understand root causes and eliminate them.

Clearwater’s managers and operators participated in a 
weeklong kaizen to identify waste and safety risks on shop 
floors and to address and implement countermeasures to 
prevent both from reoccurring. Through genba walks, the 
team drew up charts that broke down the manufacturing 
process into individual steps. Through this, they discovered the 
production time for a specific power-sensing component was 
unexpectedly long, and operators working this line were overly 
fatigued, causing safety concerns. 

Working together, employees made a series of fixes, small and 
large—including repositioning workstations, machines and 
tools to cut out the unnecessary waste, and adding hands-free 
soldering irons and special safety curtains. These changes 
provided employees with a clearer line of sight into the day-to-
day production flow and output, lowered operational costs and 
improved safety.

IMPROVING OPERATIONS WITH LEAN
With more than 1,000 employees, Avio Aero’s plant in 
Pomigliano d’Arco, Italy, provides airfoil and combustor 
manufacturing and component repair and overhaul services. 
Pomigliano d’Arco was a flourishing plant, but the pace 
of production masked problems like missed deadlines. To 
troubleshoot, the team held a kaizen—which translated from 
Japanese means to “change for the better.” Site operators, 
manufacturing specialists, managers and business leaders 
participating in the kaizen drew maps of the site’s problem-
solving processes on a whiteboard, which revealed the main 
cause of the missed deadlines—cumbersome processes to 
escalate and eliminate issues on the shop floor. The Avio Aero 
team instituted new procedures, which eliminated nearly all 
the delays, down from around half of all orders just two years 
earlier. It is estimated more than 2,000 supply chain issues 
have been eliminated over the past two years. Consequently, 
delinquencies have plummeted and the site is in the 90-100% 
range in terms of on-time delivery, which promises an uptick in 
customer satisfaction levels.

58  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  59    

2  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

 
Product Safety and Quality

Safety

Quality

Delivery

Cost

S Q D C

Lean is foundational to how we work at GE. Safety, quality, delivery and cost (SQDC)—in that order—help us deliver for 
our customers and build a world that works. These are not simply four metrics we are regularly reporting on, but instead 
are our desired set of shared instincts. At no point will an improvement in quality, delivery or cost be done at the expense 
of safety. All of the GE businesses are committed to creating safe and effective products that meet the needs of our 
customers and are doing this through continuously working to improve product quality.

By deeply embedding lean principles and tools, we are creating a problem-solving culture and serving our customers better. At our GE Aerospace 
site in Greenville, South Carolina, our team performs complex machining operations and detailed inspections on high-pressure turbine blades. With 
a clear focus on reducing blade delivery lead time, the team created standard lines, which in turn improved part flow. This has reduced lead time by 
more than 10 days, with a clear target for more reduction to come, improving our operations for our customers and reducing inventory. This is just 
one of the countless examples of effective utilization of lean across GE.

Our progress on these priorities has made our foundation strong enough to launch three companies. More than a year after this announcement, the 
logic behind—and our conviction in—our historic transformation has only strengthened. Along the way, the feedback from our customers, investors, 
employees and other stakeholders has been overwhelmingly positive. Read how lean is making an impact and changing the way each of our 
businesses work for the better.

GE Vernova: Product Safety and Quality 
Safety and quality are paramount in the design, manufacturing, testing, servicing and monitoring of our energy products around the world. 

SAFE T Y CULTURE 
Our Product Safety Quality Management System procedure explains 
the process for internally reporting, resolving, closing and documenting 
product safety concerns and product safety issues. It provides the 
overall product safety framework for GE’s energy portfolio and aims 
to eliminate unreasonable safety risks. The procedure aligns to GE’s 
Corporate Environment, Health and Safety policy and is underpinned 
by internal standards and industry frameworks such as International 
Organization for Standardization (ISO), American National Standards 
Institute (ANSI), International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), 
Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and, in some 
cases, U.S. military standards. In addition, we follow internationally 
accepted hazard assessment principles and tools, as well as risk 
assessment and risk mitigation techniques. An example of how 
the quality management and safety policies work in practice is the 
requirement for reviewing human factors and EHS for all new designs 
of products and services. Engineers partner with their counterparts in 
EHS, field services and manufacturing to consider the EHS impacts as 
well as aspects of serviceability and maintainability of the equipment 
throughout the product lifecycle. These additional considerations 
include factors that could potentially influence human performance in 
the field and impact, for instance, the design of equipment with regard 
to ergonomics and work station layout, work procedures, training, and 
communication or coordination of work activities. 

At our Wind businesses, the safety of our products, and the people 
who install and maintain them, is a top priority. All our employees and 
contractors are empowered to stop work when something appears to 
be unsafe. The businesses are on a journey to build a world-class safety 
culture and work in different ways at all levels to ensure employees 
have the ability and skills to proactively identify future safety risks and 
develop plans to continue to better integrate safety into our daily work. 

Our Onshore Wind business launched two programs geared toward 
collaborative and practical safe product design, Touch the Turbine and 
Safety by Design. The Touch the Turbine program aims to enhance 
turbine field knowledge and awareness for design engineers. By 
giving more field experiences to engineers, we expect to increase 
their awareness about the risks that design features and rules can 
potentially present for the field teams and, in the long term, reduce 
the injury and illness rate. We are connecting the dots between field 
teams and engineering with the intent to put human factors back 
into our design processes, which is key to ensuring the quality of our 
products and the safety of all team members working in the field. The 
Safety by Design program’s purpose is to reduce injury and illness rates 
attributable to product design by proposing continuous improvement 
of turbine design, in addition to the engineering safety proactive and 
reactive processes. The program is proposing design changes based 
on ergonomics, safety and human factors recommendations, as 
well as the improvement of internal design guidelines. Additionally, 
GE is represented as Chair of the Global Wind Organization (GWO). 

GWO is a non-profit body founded by globally leading wind turbine 
manufacturers and owners. Members strive for an injury free 
work environment in the wind turbine industry, setting common 
international standards for safety training and emergency procedures. 

Our Gas Power business has established product safety procedures 
that apply to all Gas Power business entities, products and services 
to eliminate unreasonable safety risks. General requirements include 
assuring prompt actions addressing product safety issues, a Product 
Safety Review Board (PSRB) to oversee the effectiveness of the 
product safety process, organizations responsible for product design/
engineering and plant engineering establishment of a Safety Program 
Management Team (SPMT). Organizations complete a product safety 
review for Gas Power designed products to identify inherent hazards 
of the system, hazard control measures and risk for harm to occur. 
These reviews are documented in the SAFER database, facilitated by a 
product safety engineer and reviewed by a chief consulting engineer or 
designated controlled title holder. To detect product safety concerns 
for post shipment and installed base equipment, organizations with 
product service responsibilities establish a process for communicating 
with Product Safety Engineering any product safety concerns related 
to Gas Power products and services. The SPMT determines if the 
concern is a valid product safety issue. For any safety event, the issue is 
recorded in the SAFER database, actions necessary to resolve the issue 
are determined, and the issue is tracked to resolution.

COMMITMENT TO QUALIT Y 
In 2021, our Onshore and Offshore Wind businesses launched their 
Root Cause Analysis Quality Suite, a simplified, standardized and digital 
approach for root cause analysis allowing us to record and manage the 
process to correct, identify and remove recurring issues. Another area 

of focus was supplier quality. We are launching a new Supplier Quality 
Management Board and a training webinar to improve quality across 
Renewable Energy.

At our Gas Power business, the Quality Management System (QMS) meets 
all ISO 9001 Standard requirements and is designed to deliver products 
and services that meet our customers’ expectations. The following four 
pillars form the basis of our Quality Policy as described below: 

•  Zero defect culture. We protect our customers through a culture 
that accepts no defects, creates no defects, passes no defects. We 
deliver with focus, using standard work and lean for quality. We 
comply with all applicable requirements and regulations. 

•  Management of change. We protect our customers both internal 

and external by developing a risk-based change management 
program to identify and mitigate potential nonconformances. 

•  Supply base quality. We partner with our suppliers and empower 
our employees to innovate, solve problems rapidly with rigor and 
perform quality stop work when needed to protect our customers. 

•  New product introduction. We deliver products and services right 
the first time, every time. We continuously improve our processes 
and systems leveraging past lessons and implementing sustainably. 

By keeping laser focus on the customer, meeting our QMS 
requirements and the four pillars as our true north, while leveraging 
our lean approach to driving transformational improvements, we 
will significantly decrease our quality escapes, defects and customer 
events, not only improving customer experience but also reducing 
CoPQ (scrap, rework, warranty costs), enabling quality as a competitive 
advantage driving profitable growth. We continue to strengthen our 
Stop Work Program by leveraging the safety behaviors into quality.

ACETONE ELIMINATION TO IMPROVE HEALTH 
AND SAFET Y ACROSS SITES 
At LM Wind Power, safety is our priority and this 
commitment to ensuring safety led us to eliminate the 
use of acetone at all manufacturing and testing facilities, 
laboratories and service departments worldwide. Acetone 
has excellent cleaning performance and was used during 
various stages of the blade production process. 

After careful research and evaluation with favorable 
outcomes, dibasic ester (DBE), a non-flammable, readily 
biodegradable and non-corrosive chemical was selected 
as a replacement and a full-scale rollout followed across 
the company. Now, acetone is fully substituted and the 
environment in the facilities has improved significantly. 
Learn more 

IMPROVING FLEET AVAIL ABILIT Y AT ONSHORE 
WIND
GE has quickly innovated in the fast-growing onshore wind 
industry, introducing larger turbines to provide leading 
performance for customers worldwide. However, like much 
of the industry, such rapid innovation strains manufacturing 
and the broader supply chain. In October 2022, we 
announced we’re simplifying and standardizing our onshore 
wind portfolio into what we call workhorse products, so 
we and our suppliers can implement more repeatable 
manufacturing processes, and thereby enhance product 
quality and reduce cost. In our existing fleet, we’re deploying 
corrective measures, enhancements, and monitor and 
repair programs to improve fleet availability. We expect to 
implement the corrective measures over the next couple of 
years. With fleet availability as our true north, we’ll continue 
to be a leader and deliver for our customers.

60  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  61    

GE Aerospace: Product Safety and Quality 
COMMITMENT TO SAFE T Y 
GE Aerospace has a strong product safety focus, including a voluntary 
Safety Management System (SMS) aligned with the UN’s International 
Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) SMS framework. GE’s SMS was 
assessed and accepted by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration 
(FAA) in December 2017—the first such acceptance granted by the FAA 
for a design and manufacturing company. GE Aerospace SMS is founded 
on four key tenets: 

Internally, GE Aerospace has an open reporting system that provides 
multiple paths to raise safety concerns backed by a Safety Program 
Management Team (SPMT) structure that ensures each and every 
potential safety concern is fully reviewed. Every product has a 
dedicated SPMT tasked with adjudicating potential safety concerns 
spanning all aspects of our products, including manufacturing, field 
performance, and maintenance and repair. 

•  Policy. Embedding top-down commitment to safety in policies and 

review rhythms.

•  Promotion. Creating a positive safety culture in the workforce 

through training, education and awareness.

•  Risk management. Executing independent risk assessments per 

approved FAA process.

•  Assurance. Validating effectiveness of risk-control strategies in 

design, manufacturing, quality and product performance.

GE Aerospace’s safety commitment is further strengthened through 
its organizational structure that ensures the independence of the 
engineering organization. Product-oriented engineering teams 
are separated from the engine product teams. Additionally, the 
Chief Engineer’s Office serves as both a technical resource and an 
independent technical audit function. 

Externally, GE Aerospace is recognized as a safety thought leader 
through partnering with regulators, other manufacturers and key 
industry associations to develop strategies for enhancing overall 
propulsion safety and risk management approaches. 

DESIGNING FOR PRODUCT SAFET Y
Each new engine type developed by GE Aerospace is subjected 
to rigorous testing throughout the development and certification 
process. GE Aerospace has developed unique testing 
capability at the part, module and product levels to ensure 
new technology we bring to the market meets and exceeds 
all safety requirements. Our engine testing facilities have the 
capability to perform rain and hail storm, engine icing and other 
extreme tests. Our 747 flying test bed aircraft provides the 
unique opportunity to flight test engines under a wide range of 
conditions, combined with the ability to gather real-time data via 
specialized instrumentation. 

PRODUCT QUALIT Y 
GE Aerospace operates based on the guiding principle of “safety first, 
quality always.” This principle is embedded in all of our operational 
rhythms and manufacturing systems. All new aircraft engine 
component parts are manufactured under a quality system approved 
by the FAA and certified to meet the most current aviation industry 
standards in AS9100D. 

GE AEROSPACE’S QUALIT Y E XCELLENCE 
PROGRAM 
As part of our quality focus, GE Aerospace launched a Quality 
Excellence Program to build domain expertise that is unique to the 
aviation industry through a combination of training, application and 
certification, and controlled title holder (CTH) experts. 

•  LEVEL I — TRAINING 

Underlying both the civil aviation regulatory approval and industry 
accreditation is the proactive quality framework, a unique strategic 
approach to driving a quality culture at GE Aerospace designed to: 

Customized training including Root Cause & Corrective Actions 
(RCCA), Process Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (PFMEA), 
Advanced Product Quality Planning and Six Sigma. 

•  Create a zero defect culture by setting processes right on day one and 
managing change using an advanced product quality planning (APQP) 
toolkit. 

•  Measure and mitigate risk using predictive quality analytics (PQA) by 

focusing on leading indicators to impact voice of the customer. 

•  Grow our people through a Quality Excellence Program (QEP) with a 

•  LEVEL II — APPLICATION & CERTIFICATION 

Participants move from learners to leaders as they assume 
leadership roles in projects building on their training and perform 
product audits. Following completion of Level I training and 
a portfolio of Level II projects, candidates are eligible for QEP 
certification after a rigorous review process. 

relentless focus on continuing education. 

•  CONTROLLED TITLE HOLDER (CTH) EXPERTS 

Subject matter expert candidates are nominated through our 
technical talent review process for specific quality domain expertise 
areas such as manufacturing, regulatory compliance and quality 
systems. These individuals, following specialized mentoring and 
demonstrated broad project leadership, comprise our Quality 
CTH network and lead training, coaching and consulting across 
the organization. 

CULTURE
Leading with Integrity and The Spirit & The Letter

Integrity is critical in everything we do. This is reflected in our three Leadership Behaviors—act with humility, lead with 
transparency and deliver with focus—always with unyielding integrity. These behaviors, along with our employee 
code of conduct, The Spirit & The Letter, set the foundation for our compliance program, where we expect our leaders and 
all our employees to personally drive a culture of integrity everywhere we do business.

Leadership Behaviors
GE’s Leadership Behaviors form the foundation of our culture. For us at GE, these are more than just words; they are changing the way we work and 
signify a meaningful shift in our culture. These Leadership Behaviors are instrumental in driving engagement throughout our businesses, particularly 
related to lean.

Act with humility

Lead with transparency

Deliver with focus

Humility helps us recognize what we 
do not know. Ask questions, then 
listen carefully.

Transparency makes us call it like we 
see it, highlighting the good and the 
bad in equal measure.

•  We embrace a culture of respect 
which values inclusive teams and 
diverse perspectives.

•  We embrace candor, saying what 
we think, not what people want 
to hear.

•  We actively listen to internal and 

•  We share information so we can 

external sources.

solve problems.

•  We learn from our shortcomings as 
much as we celebrate our wins.

•  We contribute to each other’s 

development in a constructive way.

“ Humility to me is all about 
thinking that the other person 
is also essential to your 
success, regardless of their 
level in the organization. When 
we truly treat others with 
respect, actively listen to them 
and ask for help when needed, 
we strengthen teamwork and 
allow people to feel cared 
about and important.”

“ Learning is critical to our 
success individually and as 
an organization. Both sides of 
transparency, willingness to 
candidly share information 
and creating an environment 
where information flows 
without fear, enable us to 
learn, grow and improve our 
performance.”

Poliana Casal  
Latin America CFO – GE Power 
Conversion, a GE Vernova business

Kim Ravenhall 
Executive Director – CFO Aviation 
Edison Works, GE Aerospace

Focus helps us prioritize what we will 
and will not do.

•  We put safety first.

•  We prioritize our work, maximizing 

our impact.

•  We measure performance through 

the lens of our customers.

•  We are committed to continuous 

improvement always in search of a 
better way.

“ Safety and delivery are first 
principle requirements. Our 
focus is on including quality 
and cost, with the same 
intensity, in the success 
equation to bring long-term 
value to our customers and 
markets served.”

Shanon Lutomski 
Executive Sourcing, Global 
Fulfillment & Logistics Operations, 
Onshore Wind, a GE Vernova 
business

Culture Survey
In the first quarter of 2023, we conducted our third annual enterprise-wide culture survey to gauge our progress on our Leadership Behaviors, as well as 
areas such as integrity, safety and lean. While there was expected variability in the results among our businesses related to certain topics, a company-
wide view of trends confirmed GE’s strong foundation in compliance efforts. In addition, safety questions scored high again this year, yet we are focused 
on driving further action so our front line feels as strongly about our safety efforts as the overall company, including management as described on pages 
82-84. Employees identified progress on personal and career growth, while candor and transparency remain areas of opportunity. We believe listening 
and gaining these insights drive improvement, in both our business and our culture. This year again, the survey reflected improvements in the results on 
diversity and inclusion, underscoring our leadership commitment to both.

62  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  63    

The Spirit & The Letter core policies

ALWAYS WITH UNYIELDING INTEGRITY 
GE’s Ethics & Compliance Program

The Spirit & The Letter
Our integrity anchor is our robust employee code of conduct, The 
Spirit & The Letter (S&L). As the name suggests, this code of conduct 
is intended to hold our employees to a higher standard above and 
beyond simply following the letter of the law. We expect our employees 
and our Board of Directors to comply with the spirit of these policies 
and our company values. Available for download in 21 languages, the 
S&L sets forth core employee and manager integrity expectations 
and summarizes our key company-wide compliance policies. At GE, 
salaried employees are expected to affirm their commitment to abide 
by the S&L by completing The Spirit & The Letter Acknowledgement at 
the time of hiring and then again every year subject to local labor law 
restrictions. In 2022, 99% of eligible employees completed The Spirit 
& The Letter Acknowledgement. GE also requires its third parties—
including distributors, suppliers, agents and partners—to comply with 
relevant aspects of the S&L and, as necessary, will educate those third 
parties about applicable policy requirements.

The S&L and its accompanying policies address the full spectrum of 
integrity and compliance issues across GE’s global value chain. In 
2021, GE published its latest version of the S&L. In response to an 
evolving workforce, we designed the latest S&L to be easy for different 
learners and workers to digest on any device. Accordingly, we made 
the S&L available both for downloading as well as for interactive, 
mobile-friendly browsing. The interactive version is directly accessible 
to employees through our GE Integrity Mobile App and includes 
embedded links to key policies, resources and videos for compliance 
help on-the-go.

Within the S&L framework, there are 19 core policies to help 
employees perform their jobs and navigate key regulatory areas under 
compliance. As these policies are intended for our entire employee 
population, we most recently updated all polices in 2021 to be simpler, 
principle-based, and easier to understand and follow. Our policies 
adopt a practical layout for efficient navigation. The information is 
organized as follows:

•  Acceptable Use

•  Anti-Money Laundering

•  Conflicts of Interest

•  Cybersecurity

•  EHS

•  Fair Competition

•  Human Rights

•  Improper Payments Prevention

•  Insider Trading and Stock Tipping

•  Intellectual Property

•  International Trade Compliance

•  Open Reporting

•  Privacy

•  Quality

•  Reporting and Recordkeeping

•  Respectful Workplace

•  Security

•  Supplier Relationships

•  Working with Governments

Our commitment to integrity and open reporting serves as the 
foundation for GE to deliver on its other commitments and to 
help build a world that works.

Read The Spirit & The Letter 

Read Our EHS Policy 

•  What to Know states GE’s commitments in the specific policy area 

Read Our Open Reporting Policy 

Read Our Respectful Workplace Policy 

and provides helpful context on why the policy matters.

•  How to Comply covers the specific role and responsibilities 

employees need to follow to be compliant with GE’s expectations.

•  Get Help lists valuable, relevant resources for additional guidance on 

the policy topic and information on how to raise concerns.

Key terms in the policies are captured in a dedicated definitions 
section, and all policies contain information on where to go for 
additional assistance.

These policies are augmented by 22 Enterprise Standards, which set 
forth the core programmatic expectations for the businesses in all 
of our significant compliance risk areas. Each Enterprise Standard 
defines the specific risks businesses must document and address, 
outlines auditable controls, and requires, among other things, that the 
businesses have appropriate mechanisms in place to monitor those 
controls. We periodically refresh our policies and Enterprise Standards 
as necessary and appropriate, including to incorporate lessons learned 
and findings from investigations and internal audits.

Vicki Lungford 
servicing a 7HA.03 
gas turbine in 
South Carolina.

GE’s Ethics & Compliance program focuses on prevention, detection 
and response. It begins with GE leadership’s personal engagement on 
integrity. GE leaders across the businesses personally drive a culture of 
integrity everywhere GE operates by leading by example, incentivizing 
compliance and promoting open reporting. This culture is supported 
by a robust Ethics & Compliance program. To ensure the program 
is evolving as new risks emerge, GE relies on a team of legal and 
functional experts to help us stay ahead of significant compliance risks 
and a changing regulatory landscape. 

Compliance Training and 
Communications 

Each GE business uses a focused training and communications plan to 
educate employees about the risks that are associated with their work. 
With a broad, global workforce across multiple business segments, 
plus changing workforce demographics and modes of communication, 
the GE program requires constant reinvention and customization by 
each GE business to stay relevant. Salaried new hires across all GE 
businesses receive a streamlined basic compliance training course. 

Additional training on key risk areas is provided to targeted employee 
groups based on risk. Each GE business also reinforces these learnings 
through a variety of communications, including leadership messages, 
newsletters, integrity campaigns, videos, infographics and embedded 
messaging within various digital tools. We invest in refreshed content 
on an ongoing basis, and business training and communication 
plans are adjusted annually based on the output of our enterprise 
compliance risk assessment. 

Voice of Integrity: Open Reporting 
Open reporting is a cornerstone of GE’s commitment to integrity. Every 
employee is responsible for integrity, and GE expects its leaders to 
foster an environment in which employees are encouraged to raise 
integrity concerns without fear of retaliation. Employees serve as the 
best line of defense for the early detection of potential issues, and open 
reporting activity is one of the best indicators of a culture of integrity 
and employee engagement on compliance priorities. 

GE manages employee concern reporting through its Global Open 
Reporting & Ombuds program. Under the program, employees are 
required to submit concerns regarding potential violations of law, 
regulation or GE policy through one of the available open reporting 
channels, including managers, human resources, legal, compliance, 
internal audit, ombuds and anonymously through webform. The 
program serves as a safe forum for whistleblowers; GE understands 
it can be difficult for some employees to come forward with their 
concerns and the anonymous reporting channel is a critical pillar of 
the open reporting program. Each business has at least one full-time 
ombudsperson and, in addition, a network of part-time employees 
across the globe to whom concerns can be raised. In 2022, 2,288 
concerns were raised, 2,160 of which were closed, with the remaining 
cases pending due to ongoing investigations and further review. 

GE fully examines every integrity concern raised and takes necessary 
remedial actions where appropriate. During the investigation  
process, GE: 

•  Forms an independent and objective investigation team. 

•  Obtains the facts through interviews and/or reviews of documents.

•  Reaches conclusions, whenever possible, from the facts the team is 

able to obtain.

•  Recommends corrective action, if necessary.

•  Provides the person who raised the original concern (if that person 
is known) with feedback on the outcome, while maintaining the 
confidentiality and privacy of all involved to the extent possible. 

Certain cases are treated with special care depending on the 
individuals or content involved. Concerns related to senior executives 
or company officers must be escalated, as must be any complaint that 
could materially impact financial reporting or controls, or that relate to 
federal securities law matters. Finally, the Significant Cases Committee 
(SCC) is responsible for performing monthly reviews of high-risk open 
reporting investigations across the company. The members of the SCC 
include the Chief Audit Executive and Vice President of Compliance 
and Global Investigations. The SCC reviews the significant case criteria 
annually to ensure both internal and external risks are considered. 

64  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  65    

GE measures the strength of its open reporting program using a 
number of metrics, which are reviewed at least monthly throughout the 
year. The program tracks the average number of days it takes to close 
each investigation raised through open reporting, targeting resolution 
within 60 days of being reported. Businesses are required to escalate 
to the SCC any cases open for longer than 90 days that come through 
open reporting channels. The program also measures cases per 
1,000 employees, which enables year-over-year comparisons within 
and across businesses, and enables us to control for any headcount 
changes. In addition, we track confirmation and anonymity rates, which 
are important to understand the health of our program. 

Retaliation for raising a concern or for participating in an integrity 
investigation is strictly prohibited, and violations are dealt with 
seriously and swiftly, up to and including termination. 

Compliance Risk Mitigation 
GE’s Ethics & Compliance team runs an annual assessment that 
focuses on evaluating the inherent risks and the strength of our 
internal controls across all our businesses. The assessment process 
asks each business to benchmark its own compliance programs 
against The Spirit & The Letter policies, which the Ethics & Compliance 
team includes in an overall assessment as to how GE performs in each 
key policy area. Insights from this process are used in many aspects of 
the compliance program including identifying additional training needs, 
control improvements and other areas that may need remediation 
efforts. The compliance risk assessment also feeds into the GE 
Enterprise Risk Management process, as appropriate. 

Aaron Ruth 
and Aric Nutter 
at Long Ridge 
Energy in 
Hannibal, Ohio.

Compliance Governance 
GE has a rigorous compliance governance process, both at a corporate 
and business level. Each business holds a quarterly review board 
meeting, which is attended by the most senior business leaders, 
including the CEO, during which their risk assessment, mitigation 
efforts and other compliance issues are discussed. Additionally, each 
business meets with the company’s Chief Compliance Officer twice 
per year to discuss its risk assessment, any program weaknesses 
or enhancements, and any compliance trends, and reports its most 
significant enterprise risks and compliance issues to the Audit 
Committee on an annual basis. 

At a corporate level, the Chief Compliance Officer holds two to three 
meetings per year with the company’s most senior officers to discuss 
significant program updates, open reporting trends, significant 
investigations and business updates on key risk areas. In addition, 
the Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President of Compliance 
and Global Investigations report on the same issues to the Audit 
Committee regularly. 

Anti-corruption and bribery 

Privacy and Cybersecurity

GE has long taken a leading role in pushing for transparency 
and integrity in the global marketplace. Our stance against 
improper payments in business transactions is a key element 
of our compliance program and represents a core belief in 
how we do business. In short, GE prohibits bribery in all 
business dealings, in every country around the world, with 
both governments and private sector. This prohibition applies 
to GE employees, as well as external parties who work for or 
represent GE. 

We maintain strong controls aimed at preventing and detecting 
bribery. GE’s approach to compliance in this critical area is 
multifaceted. Among its key features are: 

•  Corporate policies and procedures that reflect the 

company’s approach by prohibiting improper payments in 
every transaction, whether with a government or with a 
private party. 

•  Extensive controls, including thorough due diligence, 

careful screening and training on GE policies for third-party 
intermediaries such as distributors, service providers, and 
commercial agents and representatives.

•  Heightened attention to key risk areas such as gifts and 

entertainment, travel and living expenses, donations and 
facilitating payments.

•  Prompt investigation and remediation of any concerns.

•  Extensive training of GE employees on improper payments.

•  Robust internal controls and accounting processes designed 
to detect and prevent violations of company policy relating 
to improper payment risks and to ensure accurate books and 
records relating to transactions.

•  Increased emphasis and enhanced due diligence concerning 
improper risk associated with mergers, acquisitions and 
joint ventures.

Specific expectations of suppliers regarding lawful business 
practices and anti-corruption can be found in the GE Integrity 
Guide for Suppliers, Contractors and Consultants.

THE IMPORTANCE OF STRONG   
ANTI- CORRUPTION COMPLIANCE 
Greater attention is being paid to the effectiveness of corporate 
compliance programs in preventing improper payments. The 
Justice Department and the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission (SEC) have issued a resource guide on the U.S. 
Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) that endorses a strong 
compliance program. The U.K. Bribery Act, the Clean Company 
Act in Brazil, the Sapin II Law in France, the 231 Decree in Italy 
and the U.S. Sentencing Guidelines similarly highlight the need 
for a strong program. As part of the compliance program at GE, 
operating with a strong anti-corruption program is a critical 
component in how we do business. 

Anti-Corruption Policy 

GE is committed to protecting information about our employees, customers, suppliers and company, as well as the 
technology resources GE provides to our employees and contractors. We have adopted a defense-in-depth approach, 
in which multiple layers of security controls are placed throughout our systems, and a security-by-design approach 
to build security into our products, both of which enable GE to proactively protect against and respond to a dynamic 
cyber threat landscape. As such, GE has implemented detailed cybersecurity and information protection policies.

GE’s Cybersecurity Framework
At GE, ensuring the security of our information, systems, products, 
and network is, and always will be, a top priority. GE has adopted 
the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity 
Framework and International Organization for Standardization 27001 
Framework as the basis for our cybersecurity controls framework. 
Each cyber function—identify, protect, detect, respond and recover—
is managed by defined governance, risk assessment, control 
implementation, and control effectiveness monitoring and metrics.

GE has implemented a layered defense approach to security, which 
combines multiple mitigating security controls to protect our resources 
and information and improve our cyber resiliency. Our central 
cybersecurity framework reaches our shared services operations 
and the businesses to optimize our protection based on industry 
specific requirements.

We devote substantial resources to maintaining an information 
technology infrastructure that implements physical, administrative 
and technical controls designed to protect information stored on 
GE’s networks, including customer information, personal information, 
intellectual property and proprietary information. Information that 
could result in a significant harm to GE if lost, or intentionally or 
accidentally misused, is subject to enhanced security controls. GE’s 
most sensitive information is identified and included within the scope 
of GE’s crown jewel program through an annual review and analysis of 
GE’s critical business information and programs.

In addition, we have committed resources and implemented processes 
to more effectively prevent, detect and respond to cyber threats. GE’s 
central cyber crisis management team exercises, tests and continually 
improves our cyber crisis management plan through rigorous tabletops 
and simulations at the enterprise and business levels. Working with 
GE legal, communications, privacy and compliance teams, the central 
cyber crisis management team also addresses any security concerns 
or incidents that could present an enterprise risk to GE, which includes 
third-party supplier incidents. These measures reflect GE’s long-term 
commitment to protecting our employees, serving our customers and 
preserving shareholder value. Despite these measures, GE may not be 
able to successfully prevent or defend against all cyber-related attacks.

GE’s approach to product cybersecurity includes lifecycle management, 
vulnerability management, customer notifications, incident response, 
issuing security bulletins and advisories, and a dedicated channel 
for receiving and responding to vulnerability reports. We have also 
developed secure development lifecycle design practices to secure our 
software designs and connected products.

Protecting GE’s Digital Ecosystem
The increasing degree of interconnectedness among companies and 
their affiliates, partners, suppliers and customers underscores the 
need for companies to evaluate cybersecurity threats not only to their 
own internal networks, but also to the larger ecosystem in which they 
operate. We understand that protecting the confidentiality, integrity 
and availability of information on GE’s network necessarily extends 
to business partners who are afforded access to such information. 
GE contractually requires its suppliers to appropriately secure and 
maintain their information technology systems and protect GE’s 
information on their systems. GE performs security assessments 
on certain suppliers based on a risk assessment and rating process 
performed by GE’s cyber team. Higher risk suppliers are subject to more 
frequent reassessments and on-site assessments.

GE understands our employees serve an important role in helping 
to safeguard GE’s information and systems. At the enterprise level, 
we provide comprehensive security awareness training to help our 
employees understand their information protection and cybersecurity 
responsibilities at GE, identify phishes and other cyber threats, exercise 
vigilance and secure methods when sharing sensitive information with 
third parties, and practice good cyber hygiene in their personal lives 
and when using social media. GE businesses provide additional training 
tailored to their customer requirements, regulatory obligations and 
industry risks.

We recognize technology and the nature of its threats and risks are 
changing, and GE will continue to evolve to meet those changes. 
GE believes collaboration is important for effective cybersecurity 
solutions—bringing together the best minds and the best ideas. Global 
interconnectedness means that no one company or country operates 
alone. We continuously seek to engage with regulators, customers, 
suppliers, employees and industry colleagues to improve cybersecurity 
collaboratively. In addition, we engage in public-private partnerships, 
such as information sharing and analysis centers, to share actionable 
cyber threat indicators. These activities have resulted in improved 
capabilities that are quicker and more effective in responding to 
dynamic threats.

Will Moore 
working on 
data systems in 
South Carolina.

66  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  67    

Cybersecurity Governance and 
Leadership at GE
GE’s Global Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is responsible 
for developing an information security program that enables business 
leaders to make risk decisions while protecting the business from 
security threats and risks. This program is designed to protect GE’s 
products and information resources, and the information contained 
therein, including employee, customer and supplier information 
stored in GE’s systems. The Global CISO works collaboratively with 
business unit CISOs to analyze cybersecurity and resiliency risks to 
GE; consider industry trends; implement controls, as appropriate, to 
mitigate these risks; and enable business leaders to make risk-based 
decisions. As part of its oversight role, the Audit Committee of GE’s 
Board of Directors reviews GE’s practices and programs related to 
cybersecurity periodically throughout the year. The Audit Committee 
is updated regularly on GE’s cyber threats and risk management 
strategy. GE’s Global CISO meets on a recurring basis with our CEO 
and other senior leadership to review and discuss GE’s Cybersecurity 
program, including emerging cyber risks, threats and industry trends. 
The business CISOs conduct business level reviews and discuss cyber-
related issues at regular meetings. In addition, GE periodically engages 
third-party cybersecurity companies to assess GE’s Cybersecurity 
program for maturity, effectiveness and consistency with prevailing 
industry standards and GE’s regulatory requirements, as well as test 
GE’s security posture.

GE’s Privacy Program
GE employs privacy practices based upon its Privacy Enterprise 
Standard, which is designed to support its compliance with GE’s 
Privacy Commitment and applicable laws. The GE privacy program 
includes the appointment of a Global Chief Privacy Officer and a 
network of privacy leaders, education and awareness programs, 
incident response protocols, audit routines, and a privacy-by-design 
approach to process and system development that incorporates 
privacy impact assessments. The program also includes technical and 
organizational information security measures designed to protect 
personal information. Supplier engagements provide for the processing 
of personal information in a manner consistent with the commitment 
and applicable law.

GE’s Privacy Commitment and 
APEC Certification
GE’s Commitment to the Protection of Personal Information outlines 
standards applicable to its processing of personal information. The 
commitment requires GE to adhere to the following principles: 

•  Process personal information fairly and lawfully.

•  Limit the processing of personal information to the fulfillment of GE’s 

specific, legitimate purposes.

•  Limit the processing of personal information to that which is 

adequate, relevant and not excessive.

•  Take reasonable steps to ensure personal information is accurate 

and only retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which 
it is collected.

•  Make privacy practices clear to individuals.

•  Provide for the exercise of individual rights in relation to personal 

information processed by GE.

The commitment establishes the basis for cross-border transfers 
within GE, including where operations adhere to relevant parts of the 
commitment as processors of personal information. GE also maintains  
Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross Border Privacy Rules 
(CBPR) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) certifications as 
granted by accountability agent TRUSTe.

GE’s Privacy Commitment 

GE respects the privacy rights of individuals and 
is committed to handling personal information 
responsibly, in accordance with applicable law, 
and GE’s Commitment to the Protection of 
Personal Information.

HUMAN CAPITAL 
Investing in Our People 

Advanced 
manufacturing at 
GE Aerosapce’s 
facility in Bromont, 
Canada. 

GE’s success starts with its people, and we are committed to making sure our employees fulfill their potential. GE’s 
people reflect the strengths of GE—diversity, dedication and global perspectives, operating with the highest level of 
integrity and focus to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our stakeholders. Our focus on building the best team requires 
regularly investing in the development of our people and ensuring the sustainability of talent and skills. We continue to 
evaluate our benefit offerings to support our employees and their families. 

Performance Management 
Approach

In 2022, we continued to execute our new performance management 
system launched in 2021—People, Performance and Growth—which 
is designed to help employees understand their performance against 
their priorities, as well as their demonstration of GE’s Leadership 
Behaviors. This performance management system is driving greater 
responsibility for performance at an individual level. Outcomes are 
directly linked to incentive compensation. Our executive teams 
conduct regular assessments, including through business reviews, 
talent and performance, particularly in the context of critical roles, 
succession and business goals. We also provide our employees with 
additional resources for training and strive to create a supportive work 
environment to help them manage professional and personal priorities.

GE’s U.S. Family Benefits, 
Including Fertility, Parental 
Leave and Child Care  
GE provides a variety of benefits to employees and their families, 
including several options of medical, dental, vision, life and disability 
insurance, and retirement savings. Specific to family planning and 
benefits, we also offer personalized guidance and resources through 
counselors and online services to help manage challenges, money 
and stress. These counselors are also able to help employees navigate 
adoption, pregnancy and preparing for parenthood, childcare, 
parenting, coping with disability, aging and preparing for retirement. 
Both full-time and part-time employees are offered an Adoption 
Assistance program that provides reimbursement for eligible 
adoption expenses.

Our parental leave includes up to eight weeks of disability for the 
delivery, plus additional paid leave of up to 10 weeks for maternity, 
paternity or adoption. Full-time salaried employees also receive 
permissive leave, which allows them to take time off when needed with 
no predefined limits. To support parents, we offer a number of other 
benefits including:

•  GE Babies. On-demand maternity RNs provide personalized advice, 
tools and resources to guide moms through pregnancy planning, 
post-partum, infertility support, high-risk pregnancy and premature 
birth, and resolution of benefits and claims issues.

•  Maternity Care Select. In certain markets, GE negotiated 

arrangements provide an enhanced maternity benefit for delivery, 
inpatient hospital stays and routine prenatal care.

•  Moms on the Move. GE moms who are nursing and traveling for 

business within the U.S. ship milk back to their babies for free. Moms 
can request milk storage and shipping kits to be sent to their location 
for use with their pump. Milk is delivered back home and costs are 
covered by GE.

GE Vernova 
employee Michael 
Gray enjoying 
paternity leave 
with his son in 
Atlanta, Georgia.

68  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  69    

Flexible Work Arrangements
GE encourages flexible work arrangements that enable employees 
to individualize their schedules to maximize productivity. Among 
the options GE offers are flex-time and part-time opportunities, job 
sharing, reduced hours, telecommuting and remote work.

Betsy Bingham 
hosting a class on 
Lean Lessons.

Global Well-Being
While our employees are busy building a world that works, GE 
understands their personal well-being is essential to that success. 
HealthAhead has been GE’s Global Well-being program since 2009. 
Its mission is to support a culture that inspires and encourages GE 
employees and their families to optimize their health and well-being 
and live a well-balanced life. We are constantly evolving and innovating 
to meet that mission on a global scale. We carefully measure 
engagement and use metrics to inform strategies for future campaigns 
and activities. We partner with GE businesses globally to deliver high 
value, sustainable resources and programs under the philosophy of 
“plan global, act local” to inspire engagement and reflect local cultures. 

All employees have access to well-being benefits such as Employee 
Assistance Programs (EAP), digital tools and mobile apps such as 
meQuilibrium (resilience and stress management) and Grokker (video-
based, holistic well-being and challenge tool). HealthAhead is currently 
operational in over 100 countries and has a network of more than 
300 wellness champions that help us bring the program to life for our 
diverse workforce, whether they work at manufacturing sites, in the 
field, in an office building or are remote.

GE received the 2022 Best Employers: Excellence in Health & 
Well-being Award from the Business Group on Health, a leading non-
profit organization representing large employers’ perspectives on 
workforce strategy through innovative health, benefits and well-being 
solutions, recognizing GE’s efforts to make the health and well-being of 
our employees and their families a top priority. Of the 44 Best Employer 
Award winners, GE was also one of four employers honored with the 
Excellence in Global Health & Well-being Award for demonstrating a 
commitment to equity with a set of standard benefits offered to their 
global workforces.

In addition, in 2022, we:

•  Launched Healthy Bytes, an all-employee communication series, 
focused on wellness topics with short, engaging content tied to 
monthly themes reaching employees with supportive messaging.

•  Provided emotional well-being materials and webinars for people 

leaders to assist them in creating a culture that encourages 

employees to seek help when needed and providing team members 
with support. Content includes GE resources for leaders and their 
teams, such as how to spot warning signs that a team member 
may be struggling, managing team burnout and becoming a 
resilient leader.

•  Presented four global well-being campaigns focused on our 

well-being pillars: Kick off with Kindness (social), HealthAhead 
Day (physical), Financial Fitness (financial) and It’s OK not to feel 
OK (emotional).

•  Hosted over 30 webinars, received more than 85,000 visits to the 
HealthAhead website and logged more than 1 million well-being 
minutes during our Find 5 to Thrive challenge in May. 

•  Donated $20,000 to charities earned by employees during well-being 

campaigns through HealthAhead. 

Respectful Workplace
Providing a safe, fair and respectful work environment is embedded in 
our culture, operations, and policies and procedures. Aligned with our 
Human Rights Statement of Principles, GE prohibits discrimination or 
harassment against anyone based on race, color, religion, national or 
ethnic origin, ancestry, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, 
genetic information, age, disability, military and veteran status, or any 
other characteristic protected by law. GE respects workers’ rights to 
freedom of association, privacy, collective bargaining, immigration, 
working time, and wages and hours, as well as prohibits forced, 
compulsory and child labor and employment discrimination in our 
operations and business partnerships.

Our Respectful Workplace Policy in The Spirit & The Letter details every 
employee’s responsibility and commitment in treating employees, 
applicants, customers, suppliers, contractors, and anyone we 
interact with or providing services to GE, with fairness and respect. 
The Respectful Workplace Enterprise Standard outlines guidance to 
ensure compliance and prohibition of discrimination, harassment or 
bullying against any employee or applicant based on any characteristic 
protected by law. Any employee with compliance concerns can raise 
that concern through open reporting and the Ombuds program.

GE Aerospace 
employees 
in Muskegon, 
Michigan.

Developing Our People 
GE is committed to the sustainable development of our people. A GE 
employee’s learning journey is personalized and begins upon joining 
the organization. In 2022, we continued our on-the-job learning with 
targeted leadership development experiences to equip our leaders with 
the tools and practices to become lean practitioners.  

On-the-job learning is supported by our online training platforms:

•  BrilliantYOU houses our Lean Collection of custom assets—such as 
tools, templates and videos—designed to orient our employees to 
the Leadership Behaviors and lean capabilities required to drive our 
cultural transformation. In 2022, 35,488 hours of Lean Lessons were 
consumed by employees across all levels of the organization with 
80,331 distinct employees engaged with BrilliantYOU resources. 
The Lean Collection is now composed of 457 custom created lean 
assets and 18 structured learning pathways. 

•  GE Learning provides access to on-demand resources and registered 

more than 10 million online course completions from across 
regulatory-required, GE-required and elective courses of interest 
spanning desktop application, soft skills, technical and product 
topics. On average, over 90,000 employees engage with our learning 
management platform monthly.

Michael 
Stuter from 
GE Aerospace 
working on a 
Leap-1A engine.

Frontline Leadership Program 2022

•  Frontline leaders are oriented to GE’s Leadership Behaviors 

while leveraging lean principles and core tools to execute and 
improve processes at the front line in support of our cultural 
transformation. 

•  Facilitated by GE and external experts knowledgeable in 

lean and business fundamentals, and supplemented with a 
Leadership Behaviors simulation and a business simulation, 
along with individual coaching. 

Business Leadership Program 2022

•  Transformational leaders practice and apply their conceptual 

understanding of our Leadership Behaviors and lean 
principles while working to build organizational capabilities 
and deliver results to create client value.

•  Content topics include talent management, lean principles 

and tools, strategy and execution, and financial performance. 

•  Leaders are paired with an executive coach and participate 

in both a Leadership Behaviors simulation and a 
business simulation. 

Learning through others is enabled in peer-to-peer exchanges, coaching 
interactions and in communities of practice. Having employees with 
different perspectives, knowledge levels and development aspirations 
creates a learning environment that is collaborative, creative 
and informal.

Formal leadership development offerings have been designed to 
strategically elevate our talents’ readiness to deliver results while 
driving efficiencies, eliminating waste and generating value for our 
customers. These experiences are structured to challenge leaders as 
they explore complex concepts and the rigorous application of the 
topics being learned. This curriculum includes:

Leadership in Action 2022

•  Operating leaders embrace and demonstrate their role of 
leader as culture shaper, leader as a lean practitioner, and 
leader as a coach to deliver winning business strategies and 
best-in-class results.

•  Content topics include internal leader dialogues, industry 
thought leaders, transformation action planning, and a 
Leadership Behaviors simulation and a strategy simulation.  

BRILLIANT YOU EMPLOYEE FEEDBACK:
Embracing a lean culture and practices is inherent to the learning 
organization. The BRILLIANTYOU team engaged in a number of 
kaizen’s in 2022 to improve the employee learning experience. 
Here are a few of our employees’ comments:

“ No matter where you are in your lean journey, 
‘Beginning Your Lean Journey’ is a really great 
summary of the key principles and behaviors, 
and further reinforces why lean is important in 
everything we do. Throw this learning in your 
backpack and enjoy the journey...”

“ I enjoyed going through this series. It showed, 
step by step, how to have a closed loop customer 
experience process.”

“ Definitely invest eight minutes of your time to 
watch and learn about kaizen preparation. Great 
video and presenting style.”

“ I enjoyed the content. It helped me to refresh, realign 
and keep improving my problem solving skills by using 
the correct tools and following the correct process.”

70  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  71    

Advancing Diversity, Equity 
and Inclusion

At GE, our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) focus is rooted in the belief that 
diverse teams and perspectives are essential to inventing the solutions that 
will shape the energy transition, advance precision health and develop the 
future of flight. By working together, we can foster an inclusive culture that 
ensures every employee feels accepted, respected and sense of belonging. 

GE’s 2022 Workforce Representation Data

Employees Chris Day, Hai Phong, Liz McDonough, Brenda Ewing and Donavan Buckley at work.

Achieving long-term, sustainable DEI progress takes work, and our work has focused on three 
strategic pillars—transparency, accountability and community.

TRANSPARENCY
We know data drives meaningful change in the DEI space—telling the story and laying the 
groundwork for improvement. GE openly shares its diversity data here within, including workforce 
representation data and equitable pay data. This data covers 2022, except as otherwise noted;  
since GE HealthCare completed its spin-off in early 2023, their data is included in this report. 

BRANDI THOMAS 
Chief Diversity Officer &  
VP, Chief Audit Executive

With data, we leverage a lean mindset to better understand and solve for diversity challenges, such as recruitment and retention. For example, in 
this report, we cover how our employee resource groups (ERGs) at GE Digital are using lean to increase their outreach and effectiveness.

ACCOUNTABILIT Y 
Having and tracking data enables accountability. Over the last few years, each of the GE businesses has developed key performance indicators 
(KPIs) for DEI. These KPIs are tracked and owned with the same level of importance and operational rigor as operating KPIs. Lean tools also help us 
measure progress, identify challenges, determine root cause and develop action plans for sustainable change. 

During 2022, we saw growth at the leadership level for women globally (+2.3%). While U.S. race and ethnic minority representation at the 
leadership level remained the same during this timeframe, we saw improvement in some businesses and remain committed to driving progress 
as we move forward.

COMMUNIT Y
At GE, we are firm believers in the importance of fostering community, within our own company and with the local communities where our 
employees, customers and their families live and work. Internally, GE has a number of ERGs, which are vital to our DEI strategy. You can read more 
about our ERGs and their work in the following pages. 

Externally, GE believes in creating more equitable access to STEM education. To that end, we sponsor and participate in many community activities, 
partner with organizations like the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers and recruit top talent across the globe.

GE IS A TRULY   
GLOBAL COMPANY:

66% of our employees are based outside 
of the United States and our workforce 
represents nationalities from ~170 
countries, territories and regions

Board of Directors3 

2 of 4  
Board leadership positions are  
held by women.

Our policy is to build a Board that 
represents a range of backgrounds.

4 Female

40%

2023 is the year of transition for GE, including our successful separation of GE HealthCare and advancing our plans to launch GE Vernova and GE 
Aerospace. While change brings challenge, it also brings empowerment. That’s the very basis of transformative change in the DEI space. 

Racially/Ethnically 
diverse

1

10%

We embrace the evolution into three public companies, and we embrace the opportunity to build a strong foundation through continued efforts 
around representation, inclusion, and ensuring that our ERGs remain a vital and thriving support system for our employees. The individual 
businesses will be accountable for refining and tracking DEI KPIs and owning progress against those metrics.  This focus on activity at the business 
level helps to more closely align to each company’s mission, purpose and employee population. 

We also combined our 2022 Diversity Report this year with GE’s 2022 Sustainability Report. This in no way diminishes our work in the DEI space, 
but rather better aligns with how top companies are sharing their progress. I am pleased to showcase GE’s representation and pay equity data 
and highlight examples of empowerment and progress from across businesses.

I am proud of our progress and feel the unwavering support of GE’s senior leaders, chief diversity officers, ERG leaders, and countless allies and 
advocates. Despite many challenges that threaten DEI around the world, GE perseveres. 

3 Born outside U.S. 30%

The data shared is representative of GE’s workforce on December 31, 2022. In 2021, we 
expanded the data we report to be inclusive of employee voluntary self-identification 
data for disability (U.S.) and U.S. veteran status, as well as equitable pay results related 
to gender globally and U.S. underrepresented minorities for each GE business segment. 
The workforce representation data for gender globally and U.S. race and ethnic minority 
includes the percent change from the prior year’s comparable data.

DISABILITY: according to the U.S. Department of Labor, a disability is when a person has 
a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major 
life activity, or a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition. 

EQUAL PAY: employees who perform comparable work are paid equitably. 

GENDER: all gender data is global. Our hope is to be able to supplement binary gender 
data to be inclusive of the new category and selections for gender identity from our 
updated voluntary self-identification fields for U.S. employees in the future. 

HISPANIC/LATINX: the term Hispanic refers to communities with Spanish-speaking 
origins. Latinx is a broader term that includes anyone of Latin American origin. This term 
is also gender inclusive, and we recognize that another option is Latino/a. In this report, 
we have chosen to use Hispanic/Latinx to be inclusive of both communities. 

LEADERSHIP: encompasses the top 1.5% of all active employees.

MULTIRACIAL: a standalone category in our data that represents a person who 
identifies as “two or more races” as categorized by U.S. government reporting standards.

PROFESSIONAL: accounts for all active non-production employees. 

RACE/ETHNICITY: all race/ethnicity data is U.S. only. 

ROUNDING: all percentages have been rounded to the nearest tenth. 

UNDERREPRESENTED MINORITIES (URM): U.S. employees who identify as Asian, 
Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, American Indian/Alaska Native, Native 
Hawaiian/Pacific Islander or Multiracial. 

U.S. VETERAN4: inclusive of those who identified as a U.S. military veteran or as one or more of 
the classifications of protected veterans (disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active 
duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and/or Armed Forces service medal veterans).

72  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  73    

3 
4 

Reflects Board composition as of May 3, 2023.

The data for U.S. veteran and U.S. disability reflect responses from employees who voluntarily updated these self-identification fields as of December 31, 2022.

Data from our EEO-1 Component 1 Report (EEO-1 Report) is available here. The EEO-1 Report mandates the use of specific job categories, which differ from how our 
workforce is structured. While we are making data from our EEO-1 Report available, we believe the diversity representation data as presented in our Sustainability 
Report and our website is the most meaningful measure of our diversity progress.

  
GE6

LEADERSHIP 7

PR OF E SSION AL 8

ALL  EMPL OY EE S

A
T
A
D

L
A
B
O
L
G

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

29.5%
+2.3%
Female

26.9%
+0.5%
Female

22.8%
+0.5%
Female

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

3.2%

-0.5% 
Disability (U.S.)

10.2%

+0.1% 
U.S. Veteran Status

A S IAN
10.8%
-0.2%
11.2%
-0.3%
8.5%
-0.1%

BL ACK/
AFRIC AN 
AM ERIC AN
3.7%
-0.4%
4.9%
+0.4%
7.1%
+0.4%

HIS PANIC/
L ATINX
4.9%
+0.9%
5.7%
+0.3%
7.3%
+0.5%

AMERIC AN 
INDIAN/AL A SK A 
NATIVE
0.2%
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%
0.3%
0.0%

NATIVE 
HAWAIIAN/ 
PACIFIC ISL ANDER
0.0%
-0.1%
0.1%
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%

MULTIR ACIAL
0.9%
-0.1%
1.9%
+0.2%
1.9%
+0.2%

TOTAL R ACE 
& E THNIC 
MINORIT Y
20.5%
+0.0%
24.1%
+0.6%
25.2%
+1.0%

Leadership7

Professional8

All Employees

2021 

GE Aerospace6

LEADERSHIP 7

PR OF E SSION AL 8

ALL  EMPL OY EE S

A
T
A
D

L
A
B
O
L
G

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

26.9%
+1.2%
Female

22.6%
+0.7%
Female

18.4%
+0.8%
Female

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

3.4%

-0.6% 
Disability (U.S.)

11.1%

0.0% 
U.S. Veteran Status

A S IAN
7.3%
-0.1%
7.4%
-0.1%
5.4%
+0.2%

BL ACK/
AFRIC AN 
AM ERIC AN
4.9%
-0.2%
4.9%
+0.3%
6.7%
+0.2%

HIS PANIC/
L ATINX
5.4%
+2.2%
4.8%
+0.4%
5.8%
+0.5%

AMERIC AN 
INDIAN/AL A SK A 
NATIVE
0.2%
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%
0.3%
0.0%

NATIVE 
HAWAIIAN/ 
PACIFIC ISL ANDER
0.0%
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%

MULTIR ACIAL
0.2%
-0.3%
2.0%
+0.4%
1.7%
+0.3%

TOTAL R ACE 
& E THNIC 
MINORIT Y
18.1%
+1.8%
19.4%
+1.0%
20.1%
+1.2%

Leadership7

Professional8

All Employees

2021 

Corporate6

LEADERSHIP 7

PR OF E SSION AL 8

ALL  EMPL OY EE S

A
T
A
D

L
A
B
O
L
G

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

37.5%
+2.2%
Female

34.0%
+1.0%
Female

35.2%
+0.8%
Female

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

4.2%

-0.3% 
Disability (U.S.)

4.4%

+0.1% 
U.S. Veteran Status

A S IAN
12.8%
-0.5%
22.5%
+0.3%
20.0%
+0.1%

BL ACK/
AFRIC AN 
AM ERIC AN
3.7%
-0.4%
4.9%
+0.5%
4.8%
+0.3%

HIS PANIC/
L ATINX
2.2%
+0.1%
5.0%
+0.6%
5.0%
+0.5%

AMERIC AN 
INDIAN/AL A SK A 
NATIVE
0.0%
0.0%
0.3%
+0.1%
0.3%
0.0%

NATIVE 
HAWAIIAN/ 
PACIFIC ISL ANDER
0.0%
-0.2%
0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%

MULTIR ACIAL
1.5%
+0.6%
1.8%
0.0%
1.7%
0.0%

TOTAL R ACE 
& E THNIC 
MINORIT Y
20.2%
-0.5%
34.6%
+1.4%
31.9%
+1.0%

Leadership7

Professional8

All Employees

2021 

GE Vernova

Power 6

A
T
A
D

L
A
B
O
L
G

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

LEADERSHIP 7

PROFE SSIONAL 8

ALL EMPLOYEE S

20.7%
+1.3%
Female

21.3%
+0.4%
Female

17.2%
+0.5%
Female

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

3.6%

-0.4% 
Disability (U.S.)

11.2%

-0.3% 
U.S. Veteran Status

A SIAN
9.2%
-1.1%
10.0%
0.0%
7.6%
0.0%

BL ACK/
AFRIC AN 
AMERIC A N
5.0%
+1.6%
6.0%
+0.2%
8.3%
+0.1%

HISPANIC/
L ATINX
6.1%
+0.7%
6.2%
+0.2%
5.9%
-0.4%

AMERIC A N 
INDIAN/AL A SK A 
NATIVE
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
0.2%
0.0%

NATIVE 
HAWA IIAN/ 
PACIFIC ISL ANDER
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%
0.1%
0.0%

MULTIR ACIA L
0.8%
0.0%
1.9%
+0.1%
1.7%
+0.1%

TOTAL  R ACE 
&  E T HNI C 
M INOR IT Y
21.0%
+1.1%
24.4%
+0.7%
23.8%
-0.1%

Leadership7

Professional8

All Employees

2021 

Renewable Energy 6

LEADERSHIP 7

PROFE SSIONAL 8

ALL EMPLOYEE S

A
T
A
D

L
A
B
O
L
G

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

25.4%
+3.7%
Female

22.6%
+0.6%
Female

18.1%
+0.6%
Female

A
T
A
D

.

S

.

U

2.4%

-0.7% 
Disability (U.S.)

10.8%

+0.3% 
U.S. Veteran Status

A SIAN
10.1%
+1.0%
9.7%
-0.1%
6.8%
-0.2%

BL ACK/
AFRIC AN 
AMERIC A N
3.4%
-2.3%
3.9%
+0.5%
8.2%
+0.9%

HISPANIC/
L ATINX
4.5%
-2.3%
8.6%
+0.4%
16.0%
+2.8%

AMERIC A N 
INDIAN/AL A SK A 
NATIVE
1.1%
0.0%
0.4%
+0.1%
0.8%
+0.2%

NATIVE 
HAWA IIAN/ 
PACIFIC ISL ANDER
0.0%
0.0%
0.1%
+0.1%
0.3%
-0.1%

MULTIR ACIAL
0.0%
0.0%
1.7%
+0.2%
2.2%
+0.3%

TOTAL  R AC E 
&  E T HNI C 
M INOR IT Y
19.1%
-3.6%
24.5%
+1.3%
34.3%
+3.9%

Leadership7

Professional8

All Employees

2021 

6 

7 
8 

Data representative of GE’s workforce as of December 31, 2022. System exports show percentages out to several decimal points. Due to this precision, totals may 
not sum due to rounding differences.

Leadership encompasses the most senior 1.5% of all active employees.

Professional accounts for all active non-production employees, excluding leadership.

74  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  75    

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Equal Pay for All

At GE, we are proud of our long-standing commitment to fair and competitive pay practices. Being transparent about our 
progress is a critical component to driving a more inclusive culture and helping us attract and retain top talent. 

ACHIE VING 100% PAY EQUIT Y 
Here are three key steps we’re taking to achieve and drive pay equity across GE:

Our compensation philosophy reinforces GE’s culture 
of respect and fairness. 

We establish consistent pay ranges and structured bonus 
plans that promote employee engagement and high 
performance.   

We review pay on a regular basis to ensure our pay 
practices are competitive and equitable. 

Meet Our Employee Resource Groups
GE’s employee resource groups (ERGs) bring together individuals with common backgrounds and experiences to connect, grow and advocate for 
their communities. They engage diverse talent and create spaces where ideas are welcome, individuality is celebrated and contributions are valued.     

ERGs break down barriers and provide education on a clear and strong DEI strategy. They prompt meaningful, necessary and sometimes 
uncomfortable conversations about equity, opportunity, inclusive leadership and accountability among managers. These are the areas where DEI 
progress is made. 

Moving forward, our ERG leaders and members are committed to ensuring a strong but separate DEI focus as part of GE Aerospace and GE Vernova.

AFRICAN AMERICAN/AFFINIT Y FORUM 
(AAF)
The AAF has a deep-rooted history and culture within GE as the 
oldest ERG. Born out of activism, the AAF was founded on the 
principle of community, attracting, promoting and developing 
diverse talent in America and across GE’s global operations. As 
the group evolves from awareness and allyship to advocacy, they 
remain committed to driving transformative growth.

ASIAN PACIFIC ALLIES & FRIENDS   
(APAF)
APAF was founded to support GE’s Asian Pacific Islander 
(API) employees and offers global education, mentoring and 
networking opportunities to grow leadership abilities. The group 
promotes the value of the API community and works closely with 
API students interested in pursuing GE careers.

0.5% 

On average, men and 
women are paid within 
a half of a percent of 
each other in each 
GE business and 
corporate.

DISABILIT Y ADVOCAC Y NE T WORK (DAN)
The DAN’s mission is to provide support and resources that 
enable people with disabilities, their families, and allies to 
connect and thrive. With nearly 2,000 members, DAN raises 
awareness and fosters a sense of inclusion in our communities 
through events, education and advocacy efforts.

GREEN TEAM NE T WORK (GTN)
Through education, action and best practice sharing, the Green 
Team Network takes a grassroots approach to supporting and 
furthering GE’s sustainability goals, including GE’s commitment 
to achieve carbon neutrality in its operations and facilities by 
2030. Members work across businesses, locally, regionally and 
nationally, to connect and align objectives aimed at lowering GE’s 
carbon footprint.

“ We continue to make 
progress towards 
achieving our goal of 
100% pay equity across 
each of our businesses 
and remain committed 
to fair pay and equal 
opportunities for all 
employees, regardless of 
gender, race or ethnicity.” 

Kevin Cox 
Chief Human Resource Officer, 
GE & Chief Administrative 
Officer, GE Aerospace

MAINTAINING 
PAY EQUIT Y IS A 
PRIORIT Y FOR GE. 

We will continue 
to monitor and 
communicate our pay 
equity results on an 
ongoing basis in order 
to hold ourselves 
accountable.

Angie Foli works on a CFM LEAP turbine center in Terre Haute, Indiana.9

Our pay equity results include gender and U.S. underrepresented minorities. For example, in our Aerospace business, women make on average 
100% of what men make. Furthermore, U.S. underrepresented minorities make on average 101% of what non-underrepresented minorities make. 

BASED ON 2022 SAL ARY DATA

GE A ERO SPACE

CORPOR ATE 10

GE VERNOVA 11

100%

101%

2022 GLOBAL DATA 
Gender Pay Equity

100%

2022 U.S. DATA 
U.S. Underrepresented Minorities Pay Equity 12

101%

99%

101%

9 

The LEAP engine is a product of CFM International, a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines. LEAP is a registered trademark of 
CFM International.

Includes corporate functions, international markets, digital technology and global research.

10 
11 
12  Underrepresented minorities (URM) are U.S. employees who identify as Asian, Black/African American, Hispanic/Latinx, Native American/Alaskan Native, Native 

Includes the portfolio of energy businesses: Digital, Gas Power, Renewables, Steam, Nuclear, Power Conversion and Energy Financial Services. 

HISPANIC FORUM (HF)
The HF is committed to creating an inclusive environment 
where Hispanics can thrive and become a culture catalyst for 
GE and our communities, through promoting Hispanic heritage, 
showcasing Hispanic talent, and enabling strong networks and 
alliances across ERGs. HF draws upon the talents and passions 
of its members to explore and share Hispanic culture, elevating 
important conversations on social and economic issues, as well 
as community support.

PRIDE ALLIANCE (PRIDE)
The Pride Alliance is welcoming of employees who identify as 
part of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, asexual, 
and intersex (LGBTQAI+) community and their allies. The group 
raises awareness around LGBTQAI+ issues and provides support 
and advocacy for creating inclusive work environments. The Pride 
Alliance promotes GE’s commitment to developing LGBTQAI+ 
talent and engages in meaningful conversations with senior 
leadership.

VE TERANS NE T WORK (VN)
Building on GE’s strong commitment to military veteran 
recruitment and development, the Veterans Network was 
established in 2009 to make GE an employer of choice for 
veterans, reservists and guardsmen. The Veterans Network 
creates a GE community of veterans and veteran leaders to 
support and encourage the career development and growth of all 
members.

WOMEN’S NE T WORK (WN)
The WN was created in 1997 to attract, develop, inspire and 
retain female professional talent. It is all about growth. It exists 
for the women working at GE to cultivate their leadership skills, 
business practices, personal contacts and career opportunities. 
By engaging and developing their membership in areas such 
as technology, operations and commercial roles, the Women’s 
Network helps develop leaders who are better prepared for 
career success and to help the company grow.

Hawaiian/Pacific Islander or Multiracial.

76  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  77    

COLIN PARRIS NAMED BL ACK ENGINEER OF 
THE YEAR 
Dr. Colin Parris leads strategy and approach development 
where GE’s physical technologies intersect with digital 
capabilities. His cross-industry impact on GE’s digital 
transformation has been impressive—seen, felt and 
celebrated by colleagues, cohorts and industry leaders alike. 

Colin’s contributions to science and engineering were 
recognized by US Black Engineer & Information Technology 
magazine when he was named the 2023 Black Engineer 
of the Year. Colin learned of the recognition during GE’s 
2022 Diversity, Equity & Inclusion Symposium; the official 
presentation occurred at the 37th annual Black Engineer of 
the Year Award (BEYA) STEM Conference, produced by Career 
Communications Group (CCG). 

In addition to this honor, Colin was elected to the prestigious 
National Academy of Engineers in 2022 and received a BIG 
Innovation Award from the Business Intelligence Group.  
Learn more 

AN INTERNATIONAL , HANDS-ON GLOBAL LEAN 
CHALLENGE 
GE teamed with Enactus, the largest experiential learning 
platform for university students worldwide, to host 191 future 
leaders from four countries—Brazil, China, Ghana and India—
for a six-week Global Lean Challenge. Students learned about 
lean management concepts from GE lean experts, visited a 
local GE plant and worked through projects linked to GE’s 
enterprise climate goals.

Students were guided by GE mentors as they mapped their 
sustainable lean solutions for their respective GE plants. Their 
work culminated in national competitions with winners from 
each country moving on to the virtual global competition. A 
four-student team from Brazil was crowned global champion. 
Their plan to make induction engines more sustainable 
addressed the challenge at a systemic level, an approach that 
impressed the judges. 

This immersive and enriching experience was well received 
by all. One student from Enactus Brazil even joined GE for an 
internship at the site where her lean challenge project was 
based. Learn more 

DEI SYMPOSIUM EMPOWERS, INSPIRES AND 
REINFORCES OUR COMMITMENT
In 2022, GE hosted a Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) 
Symposium that brought together 180 GE employees 
representing 21 countries, every GE business and all eight 
ERGs. Initially created as a space for learning and candid 
conversation, the event became so much more.

Attendees were inspired by each other and GE senior leaders 
as they heard about the positive impact DEI is having at GE. 
They discussed successes, opportunities, priorities, and how 
to support a workplace culture where individual differences 
are embraced, everyone feels safe and empowered to 
contribute, and where the best ideas win.

Achieving sustainable improvements in diversity and equity 
requires a truly inclusive culture. The DEI Symposium explored 
this idea and sent attendees home with a lot to reflect 
on. They gained a better understanding of the role data 
transparency and accountability play in DEI, the importance 
of advocacy in the DEI space and the value ERGs have in 
activating DEI allies.

BELONG 2022: INCLUSION, DIVERSIT Y & EQUIT Y 
CONCL AVE
More than 6,000 employees from 15 offices across India 
participated in BELONG 2022, a three-day DEI gathering, full of 
online events and presentations, in-person activities, awards, 
and more. 

Daily videos raised excitement virtually with content about 
DEI objectives and strategies, insight from global leaders, and 
workshops on important topics like mental health and gender 
diversity at GE. These conversations continued during in-
person events that celebrated site culture. GE India recognized 
individuals and initiatives driving impactful change in the DEI 
space. They also leaned into DEI ambassadors who took to 
social media to post about the importance of DEI at GE.

One exciting takeaway from the conclave was the launch of 
South Asia’s I&D Playbook. This comprehensive document 
is intended to guide GE business leaders, HR managers, 
talent acquisition, and DEI practitioners in I&D framework 
development and program management.

BUILDING THE FEMALE TALENT OF TOMORROW 
One way GE is tackling gender imbalance within the STEM 
community is through our partnership with the Society 
of Women Engineers (SWE), an organization focused on 
empowering women to achieve their full potential as engineers 
and leaders. Twenty years ago, GE was a founding member of 
SWE’s Corporate Partnership Council; today, the relationship 
remains strong and impactful.

Many GE employees are involved in the 40,000-member 
organization, taking part in local networking, outreach and 
education events. At the senior leadership level, Dayna Johnson 
(GE Gas Power) currently serves as SWE President and Bianca 
McCartt (GE Aerospace) serves as a Senator and are also part of 
the Women of Color in Engineering Collaborative (WCEC).

The SWE-GE partnership is mutually beneficial. GE employees 
lean into SWE for professional growth, building skillsets 
to become more equipped leaders. GE also supports and 
recruits talent through SWE, namely students and early 
career engineers. 

The GE Women’s Network funds SWE scholarships, which 
are awarded to female students who are studying, or will 
study, STEM at accredited U.S. universities. Scholars become 
part of GE’s network; they are matched with a mentor 
within the company, invited to partake in professional 
development activities, and given line of sight to internship and 
employment opportunities.

Together, SWE and GE are building a strong pipeline of female 
talent and a future for innovation through diverse teams 
and perspectives.

CLIMATE ACTION CHALLENGE SPARKS 
GRASSROOTS PROJECTS 
Small actions can have great impact; bring these actions 
together and we change the world. That was the idea behind 
our 2022 Climate Action Challenge, a collaboration between 
GE’s Green Team Network and climate action advocate and 
author Joan Gregerson. Employees were challenged to work in 
teams and come up with projects that align with their personal 
passions and GE’s sustainability goals. Teams worked on their 
projects weekly, reporting their impact at the end of 90 days.

Some 400 GE employees from offices in 20 countries 
participated, working on everything from reducing food waste 
and tree planning projects, to building community compost 
bins. Among the initiatives’ impact—a projected reduction 
in landfill waste of 12.5 tons in a year. At the close of the 
challenge, the Green Team Network selected nine teams—three 
from each of GE’s planned future companies—to receive $1,000 
to continue their efforts.

A Climate Action Challenge team from GE Vernova worked with 
a community organization called Rise High near Schenectady, 
New York. They presented material on renewable energy and 
climate change and had 10th and 11th grade students come 
up with creative solutions to proposed problems. The team was 
selected to receive $1,000, which they used to purchase KidWid 
Kits for the organization. Learn more 

RACIAL JUSTICE CHAMPION AWARD
Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of 
GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, was recognized 
with a Racial Justice Champion Award for his work to advance and 
enforce environmental protections for vulnerable populations, his 
efforts at GE to help solve global sustainability challenges, and his 
first-of-its-kind International Environmental Law and Justice class 
at Howard University Law School. Announced by the Racial Justice 
Institute, the award honors companies and individuals who are 
committed to advancing racial justice through diversity, equity, 
inclusion, antiracism or racial justice work. Learn more 

78  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  79    

 
 
A LEAN APPROACH TO BUILDING MORE 
IMPACTFUL ERGS
As GE’s widely leveraged continuous improvement approach, 
lean is helping our DEI teams better understand and solve 
for diversity challenges. GE Digital, for example, is leveraging 
lean to boost the effectiveness of their ERGs by using data 
to drive more objective decision making. The transformation 
commenced with a meeting of the minds—strategic planning 
sessions to evolve the ERGs’ monthly operating reviews into a 
place for group co-leads to collaborate with business diversity 
stakeholders to exchange ideas and facilitate best practices. 

From these sessions, each of Digital’s five active ERGs defined 
key performance indicators (KPIs) that align with areas they can 
impact, such as culture and retention. These KPIs include inbuilt 
flexibility to fit each group’s stage of maturity. Moving forward, 
these KPIs will be tracked through bowler charts to map actual 
versus target performance and to identify areas where problem 
solving can be beneficial.

Standard work to deliver a more effective operational 
cadence for ERG events is also being developed, including a 
comprehensive plug-and-play calendar with planning guidance 
established through best practice sharing and collaboration. 
ERGs can customize this standard work to fit with their 
individual needs. 

While still early in the rollout process, the GE Digital team is 
confident this lean approach will deliver more impactful ERGs 
across the business.

IMMERSIVE STEM EXPERIENCES FOR 
FUTURE GENERATIONS
Many of GE’s community outreach initiatives aim to empower 
young people through curated experiences focused on science, 
technology, engineering and math (STEM). In 2022, two such 
events in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey (MENAT) 
region gave students a first-hand look at GE’s technology, 
people, potential careers, and how we’re building a world 
that works.

GE Turkey and the GE Turkey Women’s Network hosted  
nearly 100 college students at our site in Istanbul for Gelecek 
Yüzümüz (Our Future Face). Attendees heard about the energy 
transition and GE’s sustainability strategies. They explored GE’s 
support of early career engineers and were empowered by the 
idea that their own passions and projects could contribute to 
an improved society. 

Student groups were then paired with GE mentors for an 
innovation competition. Groups had to think through and 
present an impactful sustainability project. Learn more 

In Saudi Arabia, GE partnered with Saudi nonprofit Mawhiba 
to host 150 high school students for STEM Future Generations 
at the GE Manufacturing & Technology Center (GEMTEC) in 
Dammam. Students tested their critical thinking and problem-
solving skills as they worked to identify innovative solutions 
to help the Kingdom achieve net zero emissions by 2060. 
Members of the winning team were awarded mentorship and 
development opportunities with GE and Mawhiba.

By hosting this event at GEMTEC, students were able to see 
firsthand how STEM knowledge contributes to the reliable 
supply of electricity in Saudi Arabia and around the world. 
Learn more 

PART III 

|  OUR COMMITMENTS

GE Respects Our People, 
Our Planet and Our 
Communities 

As a global company that serves customers in ~170 countries, we 
are mindful of the impact our actions have on the world—whether 
it be the people who make up our global workforce or those of our 
suppliers, the communities where we live and work, or the planet 
itself. In line with our sustainability efforts toward continuous 
improvement for purposeful outcomes, we have prioritized the 
following commitments:

•   Protect the safety of our people and those who do work on our behalf.

•  Be responsible stewards of the environment.

•  Maintain a strong EHS and environmental compliance program.

•   Make progress toward our climate change emission goals and ambitions for Scope 1, 

2 and 3 emissions.

•  Reinforce our commitment to product quality and safety.

•   Pursue environmental stewardship and circular economy in the design of our 

products.

•   Invest in returning contaminated properties to protective reuse for communities 

with a priority on environmental justice communities.

Our commitments start on the shop floor and grow to encompass 
commitments that reach into our communities and across the planet. 
With every decision, we seek to lead with integrity in all that we do.

•   Respect the human rights of our own workforce and all of those in our value chain.

•  Hold suppliers accountable for an ethical supply chain.

•  Respect employees’ rights to freedom of association.

•   Transform our communities through healthcare and humanitarian support and 

shape the diverse workforce of tomorrow by leveraging the power of GE through the 
GE Foundation.

80  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  81    

 
Safety

LEADING WITH SAFE T Y

Our ultimate responsibility in every business, at every site, is to make sure 
that anyone who works for GE or does work on our behalf goes home safely 
at the end of the day.

In 2022, we made important strides in improving our safety performance 
and continued to drive a culture of safety. We experienced a collective 
20% reduction in our injury and illness total recordable rate, further 
contributing to an overall downward trend over the past decade. In 
addition, the decrease in non-fatal serious incidents was significant for 
GE, going from 10 such cases to two. All of our key safety performance 
indicators compare favorably with U.S. Occupational Safety & Health 
Administration benchmarks.

Safety

Injury & Illness Total Recordable Rate1

Days Away from Work Incident Rate2

Fatalities — Employees (count)3

Fatalities — Contractor Workers (count)4

2 0 20

2 02 1

2 02 2

0.53

0.29

3

4

0.60

0.32

0

4

0.47

0.21

0

3

FRANCISCO BENAVIDES
Chief Safety Officer

1 

2 

Number of injury and illness cases globally per risk population year to date, based on 100 employees working 200,000 hours annually, as measured against 
OSHA recordability criteria.

Uses OSHA calculation for recordable days away from work cases (transfer or restricted cases are excluded), based on 100 employees working 
200,000 hours annually. 

GE employees, leased workers, wholly owned affiliate employees and majority-owned, joint-venture employees.

3 
4  Workers under GE EHS coordination which may include GE-hired contract workers, consortium partner workers and sub-contractors. 

Regrettably, however, three contractor lives were lost in 2022. The number of fatal events has decreased over the past two years and was the lowest 
it’s been in five years. But because each fatality is a tragedy that impacts the lives of family members, friends and colleagues, there’s more we need to 
do to ensure those who work for us or do work on our behalf make it home safely. Our focus on preventing fatalities and severe safety events, largely in 
projects and services in developing nations, remains a top priority.

Formed in 2021, the GE Safety Council—which is led by GE’s Chief Safety Officer and includes business and corporate EHS leaders—coalesced around a 
shared set of priorities in 2022, which focused on improving our cross-business, read-across process when there is a serious safety incident or fatality; 
driving more rigor around how our life-saving principles are consistently followed and executed; and improving our safety audits. To help drive these 
priorities and further support the efforts of the businesses, we strengthened core capabilities in our Corporate Safety Office in 2022, particularly in the 
areas of contractor safety, critical risk, auditing, ergonomics, and data and analytics. 

Driving safety improvements and creating a culture of safety requires both a top-down and bottom-up approach—with CEO level accountability for the 
safety program of each business and every worker feeling empowered to help create a safe and healthy work environment. 

GE’s Life Saving Principles (LSPs) illustrate critical steps to 
strengthen our defenses when performing high-risk work 
activities to prevent potentially severe events and injuries. 
These requirements are never to be circumvented. All 
employees and contractors are empowered and expected to 
stop work if they have any concerns about the task they are 
performing. These LSP documents, represented visually and in 
more than 20 languages, are widely available, posted throughout 
our operations, and are used to orient our contractors and 
partners to GE’s most fundamental expectations.

G E   L I F E   S A V I N G   P R I N C I P L E S

LIFTING 
OPERATIONS

Follow the Lift Plan, and stay clear of suspended loads

3

4

3

2

2

1

1

G E   L I F E   S A V I N G   P R I N C I P L E S

WORK AT  
HEIGHT

Hook on where there is a risk of falling

2

1

5

1

3

4

D O

1

4

Do follow the lift plan

2

Do perform a daily pre-use visual 
inspection and operational check

3

Do check that load does not exceed 
equipment load capacity

Do only use lifting equipment or 
accessories for which you have 
been trained and authorized

D O N ’ T

1

Don’t allow yourself or anyone else 
to be under a suspended load

2

Don’t position yourself between 
the load and a fixed object you 
could get crushed by 

3

Don’t use any damaged lifting 
equipment or accessories 

D O

1

4

Do use appropriate personal fall 
protection

Do review, understand and follow 
the suspension rescue plan

2

5

D O N ’ T

1

Don’t work on a vertical lifeline if 
anyone else is on the same line

Do make sure it is in good condition

3

Do make sure it is attached to  
a suitable anchor point 

Do verify working platforms, fall 
arrest systems and lanyards are 
anchored securely

S T O P   W O R K

You are the last line of defense.

S T O P   W O R K

You are the last line of defense.

Sample of GE’s Life Saving Principles posters  
available in several languages.

Managing Health and Safety Risks Wherever We Work

GE’s expectations to maintain a safe, healthy work environment extend well beyond our own operations to all places where we work—customer sites, 
field services, and at our project installation and construction locations—and to all those who work with us and on our behalf. 

We have implemented a set of core requirements and technical standards as part of a system to manage the contractor safety process globally. 
Our process includes strict criteria to vet our contractors and sub-contractors focused on their EHS performance metrics, training and competency 
processes, and how well their internal EHS programs align with our own requirements and performance expectations. We closely scrutinize their 
programmatic elements for high-risk activities such as working at heights, electrical work, energy isolation, excavations and lifting operations. We 
have increased our focus on ancillary work and better partnering on safety with companies we hire to do work on our behalf.

Using this safety management system, we can assess contractor capabilities and help drive safe work execution. When we find defects in contractor 
programs or competency, we will collaborate with the contractor to develop risk mitigation plans that must be implemented prior to being qualified 
to proceed. Prior to the start of work, we develop detailed EHS plans based on the scope of work to identify risks and controls to safely execute each 
task. Throughout work execution, we monitor contractor performance and adherence to requirements, intervening and adjusting the plan as needed 
in cooperation with the contractor.

We have also reinvigorated our incident investigation process, including conducting detailed reviews of incidents with leaders in all of our 
businesses. Ensuring we are recording and learning from both employee and contractor events, as well as putting action plans in place at the 
business level to prevent them from recurring, are part of our overall commitment to a safe working environment for all.

We will continue working tirelessly to enhance our contractor management processes and work hand in hand with our contractor partners to drive 
performance improvements. The benefit is greatest when we share our learnings and elements of our program to prevent injuries or events for 
all—employees and contractors alike. 

GE’S CONTINUED RESPONSE TO COVID-19
In 2022, our enterprise-wide, cross-functional internal COVID-19 Task Force, 
led by GE’s Chief Safety Officer, continued to work to protect the health and 
safety of our employees globally, while maintaining business continuity.

A key focus area of our task force was closely following the changing 
landscape of COVID-19 regulations and monitoring evolving conditions 
across the globe. As the COVID-19 situation became more nuanced over 
the course of 2022, in close coordination with the businesses and regions, 
we evolved our GE Site Safety Roadmap—first introduced in 2020—to give 
many of our sites more discretion in managing COVID-19 aligned to local 
conditions, while ensuring compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.

We continued our efforts to engage employees in educational dialogue on a range of topics through regular communication updates from 
our Chief Safety Officer and our Chief Medical Officer. Our communications helped keep employees informed and aware of the COVID-19 
situation globally, including any changes to policies, while locally, our sites communicated frequently about safety practices and protocols, 
particularly as local regulations changed.

82  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  83    

 
IMPROVING ERGONOMICS IN GE’S FACILITIES
Aligned to GE’s goal of further reducing our overall injury rate, there was an 
increased focus on ergonomics in 2022, leveraging technology, innovation 
and lean to help mitigate ergonomic risk.

A pilot program was launched to deploy industry leading EHS software to 
help support ergonomic risk assessments. Used at nine locations globally, 
148 evaluations were completed using this video computer vision and 
artificial intelligence software. As a result, 16 ergonomic improvement 
projects were implemented over the course of the year. For example, at the Power Conversion site in Nancy, France, the use of an overhead lift 
eliminated the heavy lifting tasks associated with manually lifting and turning a reel, reducing the overall ergonomic risk score by more than 50%. 

At the GE Aerospace location in Rutland, Vermont, the team completed two wearable sensor technology projects. The wireless sensors are 
attached to an employee and continuously measure dynamic changes in motion, muscle efforts and fatigue. Wearable sensor data provides a 
more accurate representation of the risk of a job and illustrates subtle differences that cannot be detected by human eye or computer vision/AI 
systems. This data is helping to identify appropriate job rotation schedules and engineering improvements. 

In addition, a new ergonomic kaizen playbook was developed to be used by teams to address ergonomic issues during process improvement 
lean events. The playbook includes eight tools and methods to identify ergonomic risk (including a revised GE risk evaluation method), pinpoint 
root causes, evaluate solutions and calculate ROI. The playbook was successfully launched at GE Aerospace in 2022.  

EHS Program
HOW WE WORK FOR SAFE T Y AND THE 
ENVIRONMENT: OUR EHS PROGRAM 
At GE, we are committed to EHS excellence to protect people, our 
communities and the environment. We manage our EHS performance 
and compliance by holding ourselves to the same high standards 
globally, often in places where the expectations we set and enforce 
exceed local regulations. 

GE’s EHS program is built on a spirit of transparency, data and 
continuous improvement. Our EHS principles include: 

•  Complying with EHS laws and GE standards.  

•  Managing and reducing risk. 

•  Reducing our environmental footprint. 

•  Monitoring and evaluating performance. 

•  Driving operational accountability. 

We maintain a Global EHS Policy and an EHS Enterprise Standard, 
which set expectations for the GE businesses with responsibility for 
day-to-day environmental risk mitigation, compliance assurance 
and EHS culture. Layered on this foundation are core requirement 
and technical standard documents that cover specific safety risk 
areas, such as work at height, confined space, electrical safety, 
and environmental risk areas, including air emissions, spill and 
release management, prevention and response, and waste and 
water management. 

GE’s EHS Framework 2.0 is a risk-based key element of our EHS 
management system and measures individual operations against 
a series of self-assessment questions on environment, health and 
safety topics. 

The implementation of these expectations is carried out by a robust 
network of EHS professionals supporting our sites, services and 
projects across the globe. Compliance is monitored by these teams 
of EHS professionals and through a robust reporting and metrics 
structure. GE drives an open reporting culture across compliance 
and controllership functions, including EHS, for issues to be elevated 
and addressed.

Our employees completed nearly 800,000 EHS courses covering 
regulatory and non-regulatory topics. The courses are translated 
into appropriate languages, and designed and maintained centrally 
by a team that ensures accuracy, accessibility and compliance with 
EHS regulations and GE’s standards. Courses are assigned locally 
by EHS professionals who develop targeted, roles-based training for 
relevant employees. 

We evaluate the EHS impacts of our businesses globally through several 
different mechanisms: 

•  Risk Assessment. We assess the EHS risks of any new activity—

whether designing a new product, selling in a new market, building 
a new factory or buying a new business—and prepare our teams and 
sites accordingly. 

•  EHS Performance. We review EHS performance data using an 

enterprise-wide system of record for the majority of our EHS data, 
allowing for robust analysis and trending to learn and improve. Our 
EHS data is published internally at least quarterly and is available in 
real time through a system of dashboards maintained at the company 
and business levels. We track industry standard key performance 
indicators (KPIs), such as injuries, illnesses, significant environmental 
events, training completion, and regulatory findings and closures. 

 > Performance on key metrics such as spills and releases, air 

exceedances and wastewater exceedances are reported to our 
public stakeholders on our ESG website no less than annually. Our 
commitment to continuous improvement and risk reduction is 
underscored by our proactive use of KPIs and drives us to analyze 
EHS events to identify corrective actions and prevent recurrence. 

 > EHS performance is reviewed by senior leaders across the 

company, by our CEO in strategy sessions and by the Board of 
Directors through the Governance Committee. This layering of 
review ensures visibility and accountability, cornerstones of our 
EHS program. 

AUDITING AND SELF-ASSESSMENTS 
GE businesses are expected to plan and execute regulatory and risk-
based audits and inspections, and to ensure auditor competence. 
Audits are conducted at a frequency that reflects the inherent risk and 
performance of the operation. Types of EHS audits performed include 
site level self-assessments using EHS Framework 2.0, and business 
level audits reviewing compliance and EHS Management systems. 

Environment
Our Environmental Program 
As with safety, our Environmental Compliance Assurance program includes multiple levels of assessment, including self-inspections, environmental 
program reviews and audits, and permit reviews, which are conducted jointly by operations and EHS professionals. Operations are expected to 
review all environmental permits annually and confirm compliance with all permit conditions. In addition to ongoing management of change, 
each operation is also expected to confirm permit coverage, applicability decisions and exemption criteria, if applicable, at least every three years. 
Environmental inspections or investigations by regulatory agencies are reported as “events” and findings are tracked to closure. 

Reporting and escalation are required in the event of permit limit exceedances or other emission/discharge standards; failure to obtain, modify or 
renew existing permits; or discovery of a GE operation, process or source that should be, but is not, covered by a permit.  

In the environmental defenses element of GE’s EHS Framework 2.0, organizations are self-evaluated on air emission sources, air pollution control 
equipment, water sources and discharges, wastewater treatment equipment and operating conditions, hazardous and industrial waste collection, 
and management and shipping practices.  

Environmental key performance indicators (KPIs) are reported and tracked at the site, business and company levels for the purpose of monitoring 
performance and ensuring compliance. KPIs include EHS framework scores, regulatory finding closure rate, regulatory training completion, severe 
environmental events, notices of non-compliance, penalties paid, and spills and releases. 

Environment

ISO 14001 Sites

Global Penalties Paid (in $ thousands) 

Spills & Releases (count)

Air Exceedances (count)5

Wastewater Exceedances (count)

5 

Increase from 2021 to 2022 due to minor, unrelated incidents across global operations.

2 0 20

97

25

24

10

11

2 02 1

111

2 02 2

148

63

27

1

35

13

19

3

18

Water

In 2020, GE met its goals to reduce freshwater use by 20% compared 
to 2011. GE has continued this trend in 2022. Water usage captured 
includes potable, process and sanitary water, as well as once-through 
cooling water from freshwater sources.

To track GE’s water usage, GE facilities use a robust, global database 
to manage our reporting, including quantities of water withdrawn from 
each of the following source categories:

•  Public/commercial.

•  Fresh surface water.

•  Rainwater.

•  Brackish surface water or seawater.

•  On-site groundwater well.

Water

To learn more about our water inventory methodology, please see Appendix III in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

Total Freshwater Use (billions of gallons)

Once-Through Cooling Freshwater (billions of gallons)

2 0 20

2 02 1

2 02 2

5.12

1.85

4.93

1.69

4.29

1.30

84  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  85    

Climate Change

Hydro Wudongde 
in China.

-28%

Climate change is an urgent global priority. As a company whose technology helps generate approximately 30% of the 
world’s electricity, we are committed to decarbonizing the energy sector while increasing access to more sustainable, 
reliable and affordable electricity, including for the nearly 775 million people who lack access. 
Carbon Neutrality for Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 Emissions by 2030
Having met our 2020 emissions reduction targets 
ahead of schedule, we set a new goal to achieve carbon 
neutrality within our own operations (i.e., Scope 1 and 2 
emissions) by 2030. To achieve this goal, our businesses 
are making operational investments in energy efficiency, 
reducing emissions from the grid through smart power 
sourcing and using lean practices to eliminate energy 
waste. While we are focused on driving absolute 
reductions to achieve carbon neutrality, where necessary, 
we will balance remaining emissions with carbon offsets.  
GE internally tracks progress to established targets versus a 2019 baseline. 
Ambition to be a Net Zero Company 
by 2050 for the Scope 3 Emissions 
from Use of Sold Products
In 2021, we set an ambition to be net zero by 2050 for the Scope 3 emissions 
associated with the use of our sold products. We are collaborating closely 
with our customers, suppliers, policymakers and other companies to turn 
net zero engineering challenges into business opportunities. GE Vernova and 
GE Aerospace’s efforts toward the Scope 3 ambition for their sold products 
are described in detail on pages 32-35 and 44-47, respectively.  

of more than 80 organizations across the U.S. driving 

Challenge, committing to reduce Scope 1 and Scope 

10 years. As a partner in DOE’s Challenge, GE is one 

2 greenhouse gas emissions by at least 50% within 

In February 2022, GE was proud to join the U.S. 

real-world action toward a low carbon future.  

Department of Energy (DOE) Better Climate 

vs. 2019 
baseline 

Learn more  

Climate Change and Energy6

BA SELIN E

2020

2021

2022

GE Operational GHG Emissions (million metric tons of CO2 equivalent)  
(market based)7

2.27

Scope 1 Emissions (million metric tons of CO2 equivalent)

Scope 2 Emissions (million metric tons of CO2 equivalent) (market based)

Direct SF6 Emissions (thousand metric tons CO2 equivalent)
Scope 3 Net Emissions from Sold Products (million metric tons of CO2)  
(net, new units, absolute)

1.90

0.73

1.16

138

1.81

0.74

1.07

131

28

477

1.63

0.67

0.96

105

34

320

7,360,000 5,870,000 5,990,000 5,670,000

3,040,000 3,030,000 2,950,000

53,000

63,100

141,000

GE Aerospace8

GE Vernova9

GE Operational Energy Use (MWh)6

Total Electricity (MWh)

Renewable Energy Used (MWh)

6 

7 
8 
9 

Per the WRI/WBCSD GHG Protocol, GE adjusts its 2019 base year GHG and energy data annually to reflect changes in structure or calculation methodology, 
improvements in accuracy of emission factors or activity data, and discovery of error. Interim years are not adjusted except upon discovery of significant error. 
Scope 1 and 2 emissions may not sum to total due to rounding.
For more details on GE Aerospace’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 44-47.
For more details on GE Vernova’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 32-35.

86  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

assessments of the largest suppliers. After the launch with our Onshore 
Wind business in 2021, our Offshore Wind business and LM Wind 
Power followed suit in 2022. Today, over 220 suppliers have been 
enrolled in the program, representing more than 72% of the businesses’ 
strategic spend. Transparency and baselining are critical components 
that have allowed us to kick off corrective actions with our strategic 
low-scored suppliers. Only through collaboration on corrective actions 
can we drive sustainable improvements in the value chain, helping us 
to build resilience and supporting business development.

At our Gas Power business, approximately two-thirds of its operational 
emissions are Scope 2, arising from purchased electricity used in 
manufacturing. The remaining third is mainly related to natural gas used 
in the testing of gas turbines, gas for heating and liquid fuel use. 

With a continued focus on reducing overall energy consumption, our 
Gas Power business is taking a lean approach. In 2022, teams across 
24 sites focused on energy outputs from lighting, HVAC, compressed 
air, welding, large equipment, transport and recycling, as well as the 
culture of energy savings. At the end of the kaizen weeks, we achieved 
an average savings of 9% energy usage per site, with combined savings 
of 43 million KWH of energy, which equals $4 million in energy costs 
saved per year. To put it in perspective, over the course of a week, our 
teams found energy savings equivalent to 30,000 metric tons of CO2, 
which can power nearly 3,800 U.S. homes10.

GE Scope 1 & 2 Efforts 
by Business
GE VERNOVA
GE Vernova’s portfolio of energy businesses is working toward GE’s 
carbon neutral commitment described on previous pages. 

Our Wind businesses have leveraged advanced business engagement 
over the past years and implemented dozens of impactful emission 
reduction projects in pursuit of their Scope 1 and 2 emission reductions 
goals. Supported by a central team and with energy managers in their 
most energy-intensive operations, the teams have deployed and 
maintained two key green lean workstreams:

•  Reducing emissions and optimizing energy use in global 

manufacturing facilities worldwide through the installation of newer, 
more efficient equipment or by changing processes to emit less or 
require less energy overall. For example, the Grid Solutions team in 
Villeurbanne, France, upgraded sensors that detect leakages of SF6, a 
greenhouse gas with 23,500 times the comparative global warming 
potential of CO2, and was able to deliver an impressive SF6 reduction 
equivalent to more than 750 tons of CO2.

•  The green electricity drive that paces and pushes the pursuit of on-
site renewable energy opportunities and signing of Power Purchase 
Agreements (PPAs) from new renewable energy assets. In 2022, 
we signed a European virtual PPA with its partner Forestalia, which 
contributes to the development of a 21 MW wind farm in Zaragoza, 
Spain, powered by our onshore wind turbines. In addition to the carbon 
savings, the PPA is expected to deliver significant positive financial 
impact, demonstrating how decarbonization and reducing the cost of 
electricity are part of strengthening industry competitiveness.

To strengthen the ability to drive sustainable progress across the 
value chain, our Wind businesses partnered with EcoVadis, a leading 
global company that facilitates individual sustainability performance 

ENERGY EFFICIENCY INITIATIVES
LM Wind Power has implemented energy efficiency projects 
and controls in its plants to achieve an 8.3% reduction in 
energy consumption in kWh per cubic meter of operations. 
Some of the key projects included the replacement of old 
chiller pumps with IE4 pumps, adiabatic cooling systems for 
chillers and added variable frequency drives (VFD) to its old 
dust extraction systems. Based on the results, the company 
extended the replacement of conventional blower fans 
with belt drives to EC fans in a number of air handling units, 
resulting in 20% reduction and replacement of conventional 
induction lamps by LED which achieved a ~30% reduction 
in consumption. LM Wind Power also introduced automatic 
ventilation control system in Ponferrada, Spain, and is now 
planning to expand these features to other locations as well.

KAIZEN IS HELPING GE VERNOVA’S GAS POWER 
BUSINESS WITH CARBON EMISSIONS AND 
ENERGY COSTS
From February 28 to March 4, 2022, a global kaizen event 
took place at our Gas Power factories around the world to 
find practical ways to cut energy costs and help with carbon 
emissions. GE’s commitment to achieve carbon neutrality in 
its own operations by 2030, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 
emissions, along with rising energy costs and natural gas supply 
issues in Europe, gave the work extra urgency. The exercise 
took place in 20 Gas Power facilities and the result could deliver 
a projected annual energy reduction of 35 million kWh—the 
equivalent of 25,000 metric tons of CO2—and cost savings of an 
estimated $3 million.  

At our Gas Power headquarters in Schenectady, New York, the 
team turned its attention to steam generation and compressed 
air leaks, cooling and heating issues, all while changing long-
held behaviors. Following the kaizen exercise, the site reported 
an annual energy reduction of 12,583 MWh, which equates to 
$320,000 in cost savings, lowering the site’s annual usage by 
8%—well above the original 3-5% target.  
Learn more  

10  According to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Greenhouse Gas Equivalencies Calculator.

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  87    

GE AEROSPACE
In 2022, GE Aerospace continued to measure, track and progress toward decarbonizing its facilities and operations to align with the 2030 carbon 
neutral pledge for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions. 

GE Aeropace’s long-term strategy to meet its 2030 carbon neutral commitment is focused on the following areas: 

•  Energy-efficient infrastructure investments and optimization. 

•  Using lean practices to identify and reduce waste energy. 

•  Exploring the use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel and other low carbon fuels at engine testing operations. 

Also in 2022, GE Aerospace identified opportunities to improve energy efficiency at 18 of its major sites and is creating a long-term roadmap to meet 
its carbon neutral commitment. 

EVENDALE’S NORTH UTILIT Y PL ANT UPGRADES
As part of efforts to upgrade GE Aerospace’s headquarters campus 
in Ohio, a new North Utility Plant (NUP) was opened in 2017 to 
centralize cooling, heating and water. New equipment installed at 
the utility plant was designed to decrease energy consumption and 
provide more efficient and reliable utility services.

Since then, work continues to be done in phases to replace water 
heating and cooling systems operated by the plant to buildings 
across the site.

Over the last five years, 16 chillers of various age and tonnage have 
been replaced with eight new 1,000-ton magnetic-bearing chillers 
and 10 high-efficiency hot water boilers (5 MMBTU) designed to 
replace steam heating to a significant portion of the plant. The 
chilled and hot water systems are paired with energy delivery 
stations throughout the campus for distribution and metering. 
The new chillers and boilers significantly reduce the amount of 

EMISSION REDUCTION ASSESSMENT
In 2022, GE Aerospace conducted an emission reduction 
assessment to identify opportunities for reducing 100,000 metric 
tons of CO2 equivalent emissions across 18 of the business’ 
highest emitting sites. The 18 sites selected for this study account 
for two-thirds of GE Aerospace’s emissions. Reducing emissions at 
these locations is a top priority for GE Aerospace to reach its goal 
of carbon neutral operations by 2030.

The outcome of the study allowed us to create a decarbonization 
strategy based on four pillars:

•  Energy efficiency.
•  Electrification.

•  Low carbon fuels and renewables.

•  Carbon offsets/removals.

LIGHTING UPGRADES IN RUTL AND CUT SITE 
CARBON LEVELS
Over the past 15 years, GE Aerospace’s Rutland, Vermont, team 
has worked with Efficiency Vermont to implement energy and 
cost-saving measures throughout two manufacturing facilities in 
the Green Mountains.

The Rutland facilities team has overseen a project to switch 
lighting across the Rutland facilities to LEDs with controlling 
options. Lighting upgrades at the first Rutland site were 
completed in 2022 and the second, larger facility is 80% complete. 

The new lights provide an estimated cost savings of more than 
$175,000 at the Rutland facility. In addition, the mercury-free LEDs 
help reduce the amount of hazardous waste in the waste stream. 

energy required for heating and cooling applications as compared 
to the previous systems.

Peebles Test Operation, Ohio.

To support the energy efficiency program, in 2023, the plan is to 
deploy energy management best practices and key performance 
indicators (KPIs) for energy usage across all supply chain and engine 
maintenance sites globally, including the 18 top emitting sites.

GE Aerospace’s Rutland facilities manufacture compressor airfoils 
for multiple engine platforms.

Policy Engagement and Thought Leadership on Climate Action 

GE Chairman 
and CEO and GE 
Aerospace CEO 
Larry Culp joins 
CTV News journalist 
Jeanne Meserve 
for a Washington 
Post Live discussion 
on the future of 
aviation. U.S. 
Transportation 
Secretary Pete 
Buttigieg and 
United Airlines CEO 
Scott Kirby also 
joined the event.

As described in this report, GE’s focus on sustainability 
is to innovate technology to lift up the quality of life for 
people everywhere. While our focus is on technology 
and innovation, we know strong policy, engagement and 
partnership are critical to success of these shared goals. 

CLIMATE POLIC Y ENGAGEMENT 
GE’s efforts on climate change and the energy transition start with 
GE’s strong support for the Paris Climate Agreement commitments 
and other ambitious targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, 
including GE’s climate change goals. Below we describe GE’s direct and 
indirect policy engagement and lobbying on climate change, which we 
believe are in alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement goals. We 
have been proud to play a visible role in advancing policy and action 
for climate change, energy transition and sustainability solutions. 2022 
was a landmark year for stronger emphasis on action and partnership; 
following on the heels of the successful COP27 in Egypt—referred to as 
the implementation summit—now is the time to accelerate progress in 
emerging markets and around the globe.

Doing so will require continued partnership across governments, 
business and civil society. As a company with a 130-year history of 
working with our customers and other stakeholders to lift the quality of 
life for people, we are deploying our global reach, expertise and depth 
of engineering capabilities to address this urgent challenge. 

Throughout 2022, we engaged in the public domain to advance thought 
leadership on how to achieve climate goals for the energy sector 
through strong policy, technology and investments. For example, GE 
sponsored events with the Washington Post, Atlantic LIVE, Techonomy 
Climate, Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum and Abu Dhabi 
Sustainability Week focused on collaboration between the private and 
public sectors to succeed in the energy transition and decarbonization 
efforts. Learn more 

We also launched a public advocacy campaign urging the U.S. Congress 
and Biden administration to pass a comprehensive package of clean 
energy tax credits to ensure success in decarbonization efforts and 
continued U.S. leadership in energy manufacturing and jobs—both 
today and in the future. Ultimately, the United States passed the 
Inflation Reduction Act—the nation’s first comprehensive climate 
change law—aligned with GE’s advocacy. Learn more 

Our heightened engagement is continuing throughout 2023 to help 
formulate and support policies that advance a just transition and 
sustainability goals globally. We will continue to offer constructive 
input to the leaders charged with translating ambitious climate targets 
into laws, regulations and policies. As part of these efforts, we’re 
highlighting the ways the energy transition is making a difference in local 
communities. This is where change happens, and to reach the ambitious 
goals set, we must show the progress we’re making—and the benefits 
that are accruing—across the globe. 

REINVENTING THE FUTURE OF FLIGHT 
In his role as CEO of GE Aerospace, Larry Culp joined 
Washington Post Live to discuss how the company is innovating 
technology to help meet historic demand while decreasing 
emissions today and in the future. Watch here 

BREAKING THROUGH TO A NEW ERA 
Scott Strazik, CEO of GE Vernova, joined the Atlantic LIVE’s 
“The Next Scientific Revolution” event to interview 
Starwood Energy Group CEO Himanshu Saxen about the 
hydrogen, carbon capture and other breakthrough technologies 
that will play a key role in this new energy era and how 
companies, governments and other stakeholders must work 
together to make it a reality. Learn more 

INNOVATING THE TECH THE WORLD NEEDS   
At the Techonomy Climate 2022 conference, Roger Martella, 
GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE 
Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, examined 
how established companies and startups present a “best of 
both worlds” opportunity to innovate the technology the world 
needs to succeed in the energy transition. Watch here 

REDEFINING OUR ENERGY FUTURE THROUGH 
BREAKTHROUGH TECHNOLOGIES
Larry Culp, Chairman and CEO, GE, and CEO, GE Aerospace, 
discussed how GE’s breakthrough technologies are redefining 
the future of energy with CNBC’s Brian Sullivan as part of The 
Milken Institute’s Global Conference. Larry also joined a panel 
discussion with experts in energy production, investment, 
research and public policy. Watch here 

ACCELERATING ASIA’S ENERGY TRANSITION 
During the Economist Impact’s second annual Future of Energy 
Week, Shantanu Som, President, Engineering, Asia, GE Gas 
Power, joined the Decarbonizing the Energy Sector panel to 
discuss how GE is working with customers and stakeholders 
to help the region on its path towards decarbonization and net 
zero. Learn more 

BAL ANCING CLIMATE SUSTAINABILIT Y & GROW TH 
Mahesh Palashikar, President, GE South Asia, joined the India 
Economic Conclave, which brings together policymakers, 
companies and key influencers to discuss critical challenges and 
opportunities. Mahesh highlighted the role of wind, solar, hydro 
and natural gas to help transition India to cleaner energy.  
Watch here 

88  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  89    

COP27 
At the 27th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework 
Convention on Climate Change (COP27) meeting in November 2022, 
global leaders in government, non-profits and industry gathered in 
Sharm El-Sheikh, Egypt. Taking to heart Egypt’s focus on COP27 as the 
“implementation summit,” GE prioritized action with a focus on three 
proof points—emphasizing the importance of emerging economies; 
demonstrating the feasibility of breakthrough technologies; and 
strengthening public-private partnerships. Learn more  

A NEW COALITION TO HELP COUNTRIES MEET 
THEIR CLIMATE CHANGE GOALS   
Announced at the COP27 opening ceremonies at the 
U.S. Center, the Corporate Coalition for Innovation & 
Technology toward Net Zero (CCITNZ) will help countries 
meet decarbonization and climate change goals through 
innovation and technology. Founding members of the cross-
sector business alliance include Bechtel, GE, GM, Honeywell, 
Invenergy and Johnson Controls. Watch here 

SHOWING A PATH TO A LOW CARBON FUTURE   
In a first for the African continent, during Energy Day at 
COP27, a GE LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine at the Sharm 
El-Sheikh power plant was run on a hydrogen/natural gas 
fuel blend. This pilot project demonstrated the important role 
emerging economies play in demonstrating breakthrough 
technologies and our collective responsibility to ensure a just 
energy transition. Learn more 

ENSURING A JUST ENERGY TRANSITION   
In an Atlantic Council Global Energy Center fireside chat 
with Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice 
President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, 
he detailed why a just energy transition requires both meeting 
our climate change goals and expanding access to the nearly 
775 million people who don’t have access to sustainable, 
reliable and affordable electricity today. Watch here 

READY TO SCALE CLIMATE SOLUTIONS
At the U.S. State Department’s Connecting Climate 
Entrepreneurs (CCE) pitch competition, Rania Rostom, GE’s 
Head of Communications and Marketing for International 
Markets, helped judge pitches from startups around the world 
with the winner receiving a range of prizes. Watch here 

ACCELERATING BREAKTHROUGH TECHNOLOGIES 
ACROSS INDUSTRIES
Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice 
President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, 
highlighted for a panel hosted by Center for Climate and 
Energy Solutions the transformational nature of the last 
two years for the company’s customers, and how they are 
incorporating breakthrough technologies into their net zero 
plans. Watch here 

JOINING FORCES TO ADDRESS GLOBAL 
CLIMATE CHANGE
During the conference, GE and the International Renewable 
Energy Agency (IRENA) signed a framework agreement to 
collaborate on a plan that will support both climate change 
and energy security. Remarking on the agreement, U.S. State 
Department Assistant Secretary Geoffrey R. Pyatt said, “The 
United States strongly supports private sector-led industrial 
decarbonization efforts, and we look forward to working closely 
with GE and other cutting-edge industry players to advance 
these initiatives.” Learn more 

ACTIONS AND INVESTMENTS NEEDED TO ADDRESS 
CLIMATE CHANGE 
In partnership with the Atlantic Council, GE leaders detailed 
key learnings across our business including: 

•  Scott Reese, GE Digital President and CEO, who 

discussed how software is the key to the energy transition. 
Learn more 

•  Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and 
Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and 
Sustainability, who talked about the role of partnerships and 
proof points in the energy transition in the emerging market. 
Learn more 

PUBLIC ADVOCACY FOR CLIMATE CHANGE AND CLEAN ENERGY
GE strongly advocated for the inclusion of multiple provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act, including 
clean energy tax credits to ensure success in decarbonization efforts and continued U.S. leadership in 
energy manufacturing and jobs—both today and in the future.

Throughout the summer of 2022, GE launched a grassroots public advocacy campaign, which delivered 
nearly 1,300 letters to members of Congress representing 34 states. The campaign urged Congress and 
the Biden administration to pass a comprehensive package of clean energy tax credits, including wind 
production tax credit (PTC) and 45Q tax credit for carbon sequestration, as well as tax credits to support 
diverse generation sources, such as wind, solar and nuclear. 

During a four-month digital advertising campaign, GE also shared information with key stakeholders 
strongly supporting these issues, including members of Congress, Congressional staff, policymakers 
across Washington, D.C., and the general public. Learn more  

90  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

Launch of 
Corporate Coalition 
for Innovation 
& Technology 
toward Net Zero at 
COP27 in Sharm 
El-Sheikh, Egypt, in 
November 2022.

ROAD TO COP28 
The world is now three years into the “decade of action” on climate 
change, reinforcing the imperative for progress. With the shared 
goals of decarbonizing the energy sector, while at the same time 
growing resiliency to ensure everyone has access to more sustainable, 
reliable and affordable energy, we are transitioning from discussion to 
implementation. Taking action now will set us up for success when we 
meet again in the United Arab Emirates for COP28 in November. 

Atlantic Council 
Global Energy 
Forum in Abu 
Dhabi, United 
Arab Emirates, in 
January 2023. 

SETTING THIS YEAR’S GLOBAL ENERGY AGENDA 
At the Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum, participants 
including Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer 
and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and 
Sustainability, examined the variety of immediate challenges 
to action, including the need to develop a full-fledged 
ecosystem to operationalize climate change commitments 
into action. Watch here 

NET ZERO PATHWAYS IN THE DEVELOPMENT WORLD 
Otmane Benamar, Chief Technology Officer of GE Gas 
Power EMEA, joined an Atlantic Council Global Energy 
Forum panel to discuss the elevated importance in the 
developing world and global responsibility for all to solve the 
energy trilemma of economic development, reliability and 
sustainability. Watch here 

LOBBYING   
Advocacy Through Organizations and Associations
We support associations that are leading on climate change solutions, 
policies and technologies, including nonprofit organizations and trade 
associations. We partner formally and informally with numerous 
associations and NGOs around the world that share the mission of 
addressing climate change, decarbonizing industrial sectors and 
promoting sustainable development. For example:

•  GE is one of the founding strategic partners of the non-profit Center 
for Climate and Energy Solutions (C2ES), an original member of its 
Business Environmental Leadership Council and a member of its Board 
of Directors. GE participates in C2ES research and supports C2ES’ 
mission to “advance strong policy and action to reduce GHGs, promote 
clean energy and strengthen resilience to climate impacts.” 

•  GE is an active member of the American Clean Power Association 

(ACP) and sits on its Board of Directors. ACP is the leading federation 
of renewable energy companies expediting the advancement of clean 
energy in the United States.

•  GE is a member of the Carbon Capture Coalition, a nonpartisan 

collaboration of more than 80 businesses and organizations building 
federal policy support to enable economy-wide, commercial-scale 
deployment of carbon capture technologies.

Examples of collaboration with diverse public and private stakeholders in 
2022 and 2023 are summarized on pages 31 and 43. 

Trade Associations
As one of the largest and most diverse companies in the world, GE 
belongs to many associations in which we work with our industry 
partners. These associations engage in advocacy at the state and 
federal levels in key jurisdictions around the world on a range of 
policy topics including energy and climate. Consistent with our direct 
lobbying, we believe our work with trade associations is in furtherance 
of, and consistent with, GE’s climate change goals, including the goals 
of the Paris Climate Agreement.

COLLABORATION WILL ACCELERATE PROGRESS 
Joining the Abu Dhabi Sustainability Week Summit, Roger 
Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President 
of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, detailed 
the fundamental importance of public-private partnerships in 
accelerating the energy transition. Watch here 

INCLUSION IS THE KEY TO SUSTAINABILITY 
During Abu Dhabi Sustainability Week, GE participated in the 
Youth 4 Sustainability (Y4S) and Women in Sustainability, 
Environment and Renewable Energy (WiSER) conferences. 
Speakers Noora Abdullatif Al Kheily, Belgin Ertam, Sandra 
Helayel and Nithin Murali addressed diverse audiences about 
the challenges and opportunities of the energy transition.

As a general proposition, we are seeing our trade associations 
increasingly move in constructive directions toward rallying their 
members toward climate change and energy transition solutions. In 
many cases, GE’s policy team works with our trade associations on 
a regular basis to influence constructive action toward these goals. 
Annually, we meet with our major U.S. trade associations to review our 
policy priorities, including stressing the importance of each to align 
with the Paris Climate Agreement goals and be a force for positive 
action toward decarbonization and sustainable development goals.

This is not to say that all trade associations are moving at the same 
pace, that we expect them to necessarily agree on all policy positions 
set forth, or that GE agrees fully on all views and positions. There 
is room for a reasonable divergence of views on various policies 
and approaches while still constructively advancing efforts toward 
decarbonization. GE’s role in these circumstances is to be a force 
of positive direction and to express the views of a multinational 
industrial company in promoting constructive engagement by the trade 
associations on these issues. To be clear, GE does not and will not use 
trade associations as a cloak for climate change policies inconsistent 
with our own positions detailed above.

Where we see trade associations potentially advocate for a position 
different than ours with regard to climate policy, including if a position 
is misaligned with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, we 
begin by reaching out to the trade association to assert influence 
toward alignment. Our goal is to communicate in real time and 
express our positions toward positive change. On these occasions, we 
have typically found fair reception of our input by the relevant trade 
associations. We believe this is a better approach than withdrawing 
membership when disagreements arise as our continued membership 
in the trade association usually positions us to influence the trade 
association’s policy positions in ways that better align with our 
objectives. We believe our continued work with trade associations 
will help advance other important policy objectives aligned with our 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  91    

 
interests. At the same time, we would reserve the option of terminating 
our membership and/or withdrawing financial support if the 
misalignment with a particular position the trade association supports 
outweighs the overall benefits to GE of being a member.

GE’s Position on Climate Disclosure Regulations
GE supports efforts to improve climate disclosure—including 
emerging regulations in the United States, European Union and other 
jurisdictions—that focus on material information, help align existing 
reporting frameworks, and recognize the evolving maturity of this type 
of information and reporting across companies broadly. GE aspires to 
be a constructive and positive voice toward advancing informative and 
pragmatic disclosure regimes that are effective and meaningful for our 
stakeholders while promoting consistency in various regimes to reduce 
confusion and undue burdens. GE has also expressed these views to 
several of our trade associations engaged in commenting and engaging 
on these rules with the goal of aligning on transparent and pragmatic 
disclosure requirements. We have encouraged our trade associations to 
be supportive of such disclosure generally while recognizing that some 
trade associations may express constructive points of views, feedback 
and concern on elements of these proposals.

Positions of GE Trade Associations with Key Roles  
on Climate
As part of this ongoing engagement, during the past year, GE undertook 
an effort to centrally compile a global inventory of trade associations and 
other relevant organizations that GE was a member of in 2022 and that 
engaged in policy advocacy related to climate change. For each of those, 
we conducted analysis of how much work GE does with the organization 
and the organization’s level of policy engagement in this space.

From this broader list, we identified several trade associations with key 
roles on climate where we conducted a deeper analysis of each trade 
association’s specific positions on climate change, and how well those 
positions aligned with GE’s own policy positions and with the goals 
of the Paris Climate Agreement. We chose these trade associations, 
listed below, as the most relevant to consider for a more detailed 
climate position analysis based on factors such as the association’s 
level of activity or influence on climate-related topics, the relevance of 
the association’s work to particular GE businesses or markets, and our 
judgment about the association that would be of greatest interest to 
stakeholders regarding potential Paris Climate Agreement alignment 
or misalignment. The table below provides a summary of the alignment 
analysis, based on reviews of available policies and positions published 
by the trade associations.

The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is a leading voice in the aircraft, space and defense industries. 
The organization advocates for effective federal investments; accelerated deployment of innovative technologies; 
policies that enhance the aviation industries global competitiveness; and recruitment and retention efforts that 
support a capable and diverse 21st century workforce.

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
AIA is committed to playing its part in reducing the climate, noise 
and air quality impacts of the aviation industry. In October 2021, AIA 
announced a net zero by 2050 target for the U.S. aviation sector’s 
carbon. In support of this goal, AIA spearheaded a study with 
Accenture to analyze the state of sustainable aviation technologies 
and identify the types of public policies and investments necessary 
to achieve its net zero goals. Issued in April 2022, the report, 
“Horizon 2050: A Flight Plan for the Future of Sustainable Aviation,” 
is a comprehensive guide to decarbonzation solutions based on 
technology-specific data and analysis, including changes to airport 
operations and infrastructure, offsets and Sustainable Aviation Fuel 
(SAF), and cutting-edge aerospace technologies emissions.

Additionally, AIA aims to play a role in decarbonizing aviation by:

•  Expanding investments in leading-edge technology like advanced 

and zero emission propulsion.

•  Advocating for policies that facilitate the increased use of 

Sustainable Aviation Fuel across the globe.

•  Partnering with the government to enable and accelerate 

advancements in technology.

•  Collaborating with the government to develop the proper 
regulatory framework to enable commercialization of new 
technologies.

•  Partnering with other stakeholders to realize efficiency 

improvements through the modernization of our airspace.

•  Advancing climate action under the International Civil Aviation 

Organization (ICAO), which relies on a global approach to address 
aircraft emissions.

•  Working with international partners toward our common goal 
by sharing information and resources, and coordinating with 
governments around the world.

AIA recognizes a coordinated federal response is crucial to meeting 
the industry’s critical environmental goal of net zero emissions by 
2050 and will continue to engage with policymakers in the FAA, 
NASA, DOE, USDA and DOT to coordinate federal investment in 
crucial programs like the Continuous Low Energy Emissions and 
Noise (CLEEN) program.

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
AIA has set a target to be net zero by 2050 and has committed to 
decarbonize through investing in technology, advocating for SAF, 
and promoting global standards and international agreements on 
aviation emissions. We believe these commitments are consistent 
with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

AIA is also aligned with GE, as GE continues to develop technologies 
to reduce CO2 emissions for the future of flight through current 
advancements in engine architecture, aerodynamics and materials, 
along with the next suite of engine technologies—including open 
fan architectures, hybrid electric and electric propulsion concepts, 
and advanced thermal management concepts. GE Aviation is also 
supporting industry initiatives to approve and adopt 100% SAF and 
investigating hydrogen as the zero carbon fuel of the future. GE’s 
efforts to innovate toward a net zero 2050 ambition for aviation are 
further described on page 44.

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of America’s leading companies working 
to promote a thriving U.S. economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound policy.

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
BRT believes addressing climate change and its impacts demands 
a robust, coordinated effort with a sound policy portfolio. To avoid 
the worst impacts of climate change, the world must work together 
to limit global temperature rise this century to well below 2 degrees 
Celsius above preindustrial levels, consistent with the Paris Climate 
Agreement, and the U.S. and the international community must 
aggressively reduce GHG emissions and create incentives for 
developing new technologies to achieve this goal.

BRT notes that in 2018 the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate 
Change reported that limiting warming to no more than 1.5 degrees 
Celsius compared to preindustrial levels will be necessary to avoid 
some of the most severe risks associated with climate change.

BRT supports a goal of reducing net U.S. greenhouse gas emissions 
by at least 80% from 2005 levels by 2050.

Building on its September 2020 publication of principle and policies 
for addressing climate change, in April 2022, BRT issued a Roadmap 
for U.S. Energy Policy, putting forward 10 policies to advance 
decarbonization, including expanding use of a diverse energy 
portfolio and clean energy technologies, enacting clean energy 
incentives, accelerating permitting of energy infrastructure, and 
establishing a price on carbon that provides a clear long-term signal 
and incentivizes the development and deployment of technologies 
to lower emissions. 

BRT also recognizes for the U.S. to reach net zero carbon emissions 
by 2050, an unprecedented amount of new infrastructure must be 
planned, permitted and built within the next decade. With that in 
mind, BRT has advocated for bipartisan legislation reforming the 
permitting process for energy infrastructure projects to reduce 
emissions, uphold environmental protections and pave the way for 
the U.S. to become a clean energy powerhouse.

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
GE continues to work with BRT to ensure U.S. business leaders 
support ambitious policies in line with the U.S. commitment to the 
Paris Climate Agreement. BRT opposed the Inflation Reduction 
Act (IRA) for reasons that were unrelated to the clean energy 
tax incentives. The reasons were grounded in broadly applicable 
tax policies that affected many of its members. GE discussed 
the importance of the clean energy tax incentives with BRT and 
confirmed BRT staff understand these tax incentives will help keep 
the U.S. a leader in clean energy technology and innovation toward 
decarbonization goals. Since the enactment of the IRA, BRT has 
supported policies to enable the success of the IRA tax credits 
through being a constructive voice on permitting reform.

The Canadian Chamber of Commerce represents over 200,000 businesses with a mission to drive change, 
partner broadly, and be the undisputed champion and catalyst for the future of business success in Canada. 

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
The Canadian Chamber of Commerce supports the need for Canada 
to adopt an efficient and cost-effective approach to climate change. 
The organization has stated the 2050 net zero target is a necessity. 

In support of that position, in October 2022, the organization and 
its Net Zero Council released a report, “How We Get There Matters: 
Establishing a Path to Net-zero in Canada,” which highlights 
how Canada’s business community must play a key role in our 
sustainable future and responds to the Canadian government’s 
major climate change initiatives, specifically Environment and 
Climate change Canada’s (ECCC) 2030 Emissions Reduction Plan. 
The Canadian Chamber used this report and its recommendations 
in testimony before the Senate Standing Committee on Energy, the 
Environment and Natural Resources in December 2022 to highlight

the importance of Canada’s energy sector to meet both economic 
and environmental objectives.

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
In August 2021, the Canadian Chamber of Commerce created the 
Net Zero Council. GE Canada President and CEO Heather Chalmers is 
co-chair of the NZC. The NZC meets monthly to support research and 
advocacy to shape Canada’s pathway to net zero. Membership on the 
council is for businesses, like GE, that have made public declarations 
to achieve net zero in their operations by 2050 or sooner. The NZC is 
dedicated to advancing business leadership on climate change and 
intends to release a report on effective cross-sectoral pathways to net 
zero in 2022.

92  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  93    

EUTurbines is a gas and steam turbine industry association aimed at integrating all European manufacturers 
of the sector, covering all relevant applications. The organization promotes the role of turbine-based power 
generation in a sustainable, decarbonized European and global energy mix.

The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) represents 14,000 member companies, both large and 
small, across industry sectors to advocate around the four values of free enterprise, competitiveness, individual 
liberty and equal opportunity.

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
EUTurbines supports a sustainable transition of the energy system 
aimed at decarbonizing the energy sector and has expressed its 
support of the European Green Deal. EUTurbines advocates for 
solutions such as renewable-based turbines to help achieve a well-
functioning energy system in a future climate neutral economy, 
and believes all economic sectors need to swiftly adapt and 
drastically reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, starting with 
the energy sector.

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
EUTurbines supports dramatically reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions and swiftly transitioning to sustainable energy. We believe 
these commitments are consistent with the goals of the Paris 
Climate Agreement.

EUTurbines is aligned with GE policy, as GE agrees that the world 
must act quickly to decarbonize every aspect of modern life and that 
lower carbon solutions, such as switching gas turbines from natural 
gas to hydrogen, can lead to low or near zero carbon emissions. GE 
offers the industry’s most experienced gas turbine fleet in hydrogen 
and similar low-BTU fuel operations and continues to invest in 
research and development into hydrogen pathways towards zero 
CO2 emissions. GE was involved in the development of EUTurbine’s 
H2-readiness definition, which provides a common understanding of 
hydrogen readiness for new gas power plants.

GE’s efforts to innovate toward a net zero 2050 ambition for aviation 
are further described on page 44.

The Gas Turbine Association (GTA) is an association composed of large and small gas turbine manufacturers, 
associated equipment manufacturers and leading research universities. GTA’s primary focus has been on 
technology programs designed to increase turbine efficiency. GTA advocates for public policies and regulations 
that support and promote the expanded use of gas turbine technology in all relevant sectors of the economy. 

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
GTA supports developing and implementing a strategy for 
ensuring reasonable and responsible environmental practices for 
gas turbines, as well as environmental policy recommendations 
for communication to regulators and legislators. GTA conducts 
dialogue regarding the development of a regulatory climate that 
encourages the use of clean efficient gas turbine applications in 
new and retrofit installations. 

GTA’s advocacy focus is on federal research and development 
funding to drive carbon emissions out of gas turbines. GTA is 
currently taking a broader look at hydrogen and carbon capture 
funding opportunities that allow further decarbonization of gas 
turbine technology. 

In addition, GTA supports enhanced investment in research and 
development at minority institutions and Historically Black Colleges 
and Universities (HBCUs) with programs advancing technology in 
clean energy, energy efficiency and climate programs geared to 
underserved communities.

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
GE believes when it comes to gas power, coal-to-gas switching can 
represent a fast and effective approach for emissions reduction 
in many regions around the world. In addition, switching turbines 
from natural gas to hydrogen, and introducing carbon capture 
solutions, can lead to low or near zero carbon emissions. GE Gas 
Power is currently the Committee Chair of GTA’s Environmental 
Affairs Committee, a position we use to encourage GTA to advocate 
for policies that make continued progress on carbon capture and 
hydrogen, which will decarbonize gas turbines in the future. 

GE’s efforts to innovate toward a net zero 2050 ambition for power 
are further described on page 32.

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
NAM believes an environment and climate change agenda for 
the future must recognize manufacturers as the solution to 
emerging environmental challenges and build on the strong steps 
manufacturers have already taken to become more sustainable and 
tackle climate change; apply sound science and evidence-based 
approaches in new proposals; and appropriately balance the United 
States’ economic and environmental interests so that achieving 
one goal does not mean ignoring the other.

NAM recommends commencing negotiations to improve on the 
Paris Climate Agreement and achieve a binding global climate 
treaty that keeps postindustrial warming of the planet to well 
below 2 degrees, and approaching 1.5 degrees. This position is 
memorialized in NAM’s 2021 comprehensive climate blueprint, The 
Promise Ahead, which also outlines a broad manufacturers’ plan 
for action, supporting both “an international, rules-based system 
that is consistently applied to bind all emitters and ensure a level 
playing field, and a unified domestic framework that applies to all 
emitters and harmonizes GHG regulation.”

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
NAM supports a binding climate treaty to keep postindustrial 
warming of the planet to well below 2 degrees, and approaching 1.5 
degrees. We believe these ambitions are consistent with the goals of 
the Paris Climate Agreement.

GE plays an active role on NAM’s Environment Committee and 
worked to update NAM’s policy on climate in 2020, which brought 
it more closely aligned to GE’s climate policy position and the 
Paris Climate Agreement. Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability 
Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and 
Sustainability, is NAM’s Sustainability & Environmental Quality 
Committee Chair and Pat Byrne, Senior Vice President of Operational 
Transformation at GE, serves on NAM’s Board of Directors. 

NAM opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons that 
were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives. The reasons were 
grounded in broadly applicable tax policies that affected many of 
their members. GE discussed the importance of the clean energy tax 
incentives with NAM and confirmed their leadership understands 
these tax incentives will help keep the U.S. a leader in clean energy 
technology and innovation toward decarbonization goals. Since the 
enactment of the IRA, the NAM has supported policies to enable the 
success of the IRA tax credits through being a constructive voice on 
permitting reform.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce (Chamber) is the world’s largest business organization representing all sizes of 
businesses to advocate, partner and network on a range of topics. The Chamber advocates for policies that help 
businesses create jobs and grow the United States economy.

CLIMATE CHANGE POSITION
The Chamber engages on climate change policy approaches 
that acknowledge the cost of inaction and the competitiveness 
of the U.S. economy and advocates for durable solutions that 
leverage innovation. The Chamber has stated it supports the Biden 
administration’s decision to rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement.

The Chamber’s climate policy principles are:

•  Support a market-based approach to accelerate greenhouse gas 

emissions reductions across the U.S. economy.

•  Leverage the power of business.
•  Maintain U.S. leadership in climate science.
•  Embrace technology and innovation.
•  Aggressively pursue greater energy efficiency.
•  Promote climate resilient infrastructure.
•  Support trade in U.S. technologies and products.
•  Encourage international cooperation.
•  Inaction is not an action.

In furtherance of these principles, the Chamber was one of a coalition 
of organizations representing the business community that supported 
the successful ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal 
Protocol for the economic and environmental benefits associated 
with phasing down the production and use of hydrofluorocarbons in 
February 2022. More recently, the Chamber has called on Congress 
to enact a bipartisan permitting modernization bill to accommodate 
growing demand for, and investments in, solar and wind power to 
accelerate the clean energy transition. 

ALIGNMENT TO THE PARIS CLIMATE AGREEMENT AND 
GE’S CLIMATE POSITIONS
We believe the Chamber has progressed on its climate change position. 
This includes putting forth a comprehensive climate position that 
includes supporting U.S. participation in the Paris Climate Agreement, 
as well as calling on policymakers to act on climate. Additionally, the 
Chamber has launched a task force open to its membership to inform 
the organization’s climate policy. In 2019, GE joined the U.S. Chamber’s 
Task Force on Climate Action. This group was focused on helping the 
Chamber understand the impact of existing and future policies on 
businesses and how to proactively address climate change.

The Chamber has made progress in recognizing the Paris Climate 
Agreement and being a convenor of companies and governments in 
pursuit of solutions to climate change at global venues such as COP27, 
where the Chamber facilitated engagement between American 
companies and the Egyptian government. Activities following COP27 
have shown the Chamber’s continued commitment to global climate 
efforts, including hosting a high-level roundtable discussion among U.S. 
and UAE officials and the private sector focused on the Partnership for 
Accelerating Clean Energy, an initiative announced in November 2022 
that aims to catalyze $100 billion in financing, investment and other 
support to deploy 100 new gigawatts of clean energy by 2035. 

The Chamber opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons 
that were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives. The reasons 
for this opposition were grounded in broadly applicable tax policies 
that affected many of their members. GE discussed the importance 
of the clean energy tax incentives with the Chamber and confirmed 
their leadership understands these tax incentives will help keep 
the U.S. a leader in clean energy technology and innovation toward 
decarbonization goals. Since the enactment of the IRA, the Chamber 
has supported policies to enable the success of the IRA tax credits 
through being a constructive voice on permitting reform.

94  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  95    

In addition to the trade associations discussed above, the following trade associations and other relevant organizations were considered as part 
of our global inventory of groups engaged in policy advocacy related to climate change. As noted above, we conducted an analysis of each of these 
organizations related to their climate positions and GE’s level of engagement with them.

ORGANIZATION
•  Airlines for Europe (A4E)

•  Clean Energy Council - Australia

•  Gridwise Alliance

•  Associação Brasileira da Infraestrutura e 

•  Clean Hydrogen Future Coalition

•  Hydrogen Europe

Indústrias de Base (ABDIB)

•  Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG)

Brazil

Argentina (IDEA)

•  CNI (National Industry Confederation) - 

•  Institute for Business Development of 

•  Aerospace Industries Association (AIA)

•  Comex - Peru

•  American Clean Power

•  Comité de prospective de la CRE 

(Prospectvie Committee of the Energy 
Regulation Commission) - France

•  International Emissions Trading 

Association (IETA)

•  Louisiana Oil & Gas Association*

•  National Association of Manufacturers 

•  American Chamber of Commerce 

European Union

•  Australian Energy Council

•  Australian Industry Group

•  Business Council of Canada

•  Business Europe

•  Business Roundtable

•  Confederation of Indian Industry (CII)

(NAM)

•  Consumer Energy Alliance

•  National Foreign Trade Council

•  Council of American Enterprises (CEA) - 

•  Nuclear Energy Institute

Colombia

•  Energy Solutions

•  ETN (European Turbine Association)

•  Ohio Business Roundtable

•  Roundtable for Europe’s Energy Future

•  Russian Union of Industries and 

Entrepreneurs

•  Business Unity South Africa (BUSA)

•  EurElectric

•  California Energy Storage Alliance

•  Canadian Chamber of Commerce

•  Canadian Council for Sustainable 

Aviation Fuel

•  European Association for Storage of 

•  SER (Syndicate for Renewable Energies)

Energy (EASE)

•  Singapore Business Federation

•  European Suppliers of Waste to Energy 

Technology (ESWET)

•  T&D Europe

•  Canadian Manufacturers & Exporters

•  EUTurbines

•  Thai Wind Energy Association

•  The Federation of Industries of the State 

•  The National Hydropower Association

•  Canadian Nuclear Association (CAN)

•  Carbon Capture Coalition

•  Carbon Utilization Research Council

•  Consejo Coordinador Empresarial (CCE) 

- Mexico

of São Paulo (FIESP)

•  Gas Turbine Association

•  General Aviation Manufacturers 

Association (GAMA)

•  Global Wind Energy Council (GWEC)

•  Consejo Ejecutivo de Empresas Globales 

(CEEG) - Mexico

•  Greater New Orleans, Inc

•  Turkish Wind Energy Association

•  United States Council for International 

Business

•  U.S. Chamber of Commerce

•  WaterPower Canada

•  WindEurope

* 

The Louisiana Oil & Gas Association opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons that were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives. The 
reasons for this opposition were grounded in broadly applicable tax policies that affected many of their members. GE discussed the importance of the clean 
energy tax incentives with the organization and confirmed their leadership understands these tax incentives will help keep the U.S. a leader in clean energy 
technology and innovation toward decarbonization goals.

As with climate policy generally, we recognize there is room for a reasonable divergence of views on specific elements and approaches of various 
proposals that may warrant constructive comment and engagement to find the appropriate balance between disclosure, transparency, regulatory 
burdens and material information.

Product Stewardship
Product stewardship represents the responsibility borne by GE for the environmental and safety impacts of our products across their lifecycle. 
Product stewardship focuses on managing the energy, water and materials that are utilized in the production, use and disposal of a product, along 
with managing product safety, at all stages of the product lifecycle.

In relation to product stewardship, circular economy is the enabling methodology to manage resources efficiently in a regenerative and restorative 
way. Viewing waste streams as inputs across the product lifecycle reduces dependency on virgin materials by recapturing lost materials and 
redirecting them back into the economy.

GE’S PRODUC T STE WARDSHIP APPROACH
In response to increasing scarcity of resources and the expectations from customers, investors and regulators for producers to take heightened 
responsibility for the impacts of products across their full lifecycle, GE developed product stewardship and circularity goals in 2021. In 2022, GE 
businesses made progress towards achieving those goals while continuing to assess how to strengthen our efforts going forward.

GE’s businesses continue to pursue the safety, environment and external engagement goals identified on these pages. Over the past year, more than 
100 personnel in over a dozen different functions were activated in the businesses to both assess the progress of existing circularity and product 
stewardship initiatives, and to draft objectives and roadmaps to further incorporate circularity and stewardship steps into the business strategy.  
This responsible approach to both our operations and products allows us to build upon the goals we’ve identified and continue to rise to the challenge of 
building a world that works. 

Com

m

u
nic

a

ti

o

FETY

A
S

n

EXTE

R

N

A

L

E

N

G

A

G
E
M
E
N
T

P
a
r
t
n
e
r
s
h
i
p

ENVIRON M E N T

M

aterials

W a t e r

Circular          E c o n o m y

96  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  97    

 
Product Safety

External Engagement: Partnerships and communication

Goal: Build on our existing safety culture to manage and mitigate product safety risks, meet or 
exceed compliance, and contribute to evolving more ambitious industry standards.

Partnership Goal: Leverage our market position to build partnerships 
within and across industries to deliver innovative solutions.

Communication Goal: Continue to strengthen our communication 
and demonstrate clear progress towards meeting our goals.

2022 PROGRESS

2022 PROGRESS

GE Vernova: Hydro  
Inspection Robot  
In 2022, GE Hydro introduced an Inspection Robot that can perform underwater 
maintenance inspections of the turbine runners, eliminating the need for maintenance 
operators to dewater, open and enter the turbine, which requires work at height and in 
confined areas. The robot will help identify failures before they happen, save on maintenance 
and repair cost, and reduce unit downtime at plant sites. This innovative solution to mitigate 
safety risk has been rolled out as a pilot program to select customers.

GE Aerospace: 
Digitizing Safety Solutions 
In 2022, our Digital business launched a solution to provide the aerospace industry with a 
new digital portal for safety analytics and flight data. This Aviation Insight Portal provides 
airlines and operators with a dedicated system that translates complex data into clear 
and navigable outputs. The insight is designed to help minimize the risk of human error by 
automating data digestion and reporting—allowing for quicker and more reliable responses 
to be made. This service is currently deployed with 37 customers, with a goal of 48 by end 
of 2023.

Environment: Water and materials

Water Goal: Establish a defined strategy to minimize the water 
footprint of our products and build on our approach towards water 
conservation throughout our operations.

Materials Goal: Develop a deeper understanding of the 
environmental impacts of our products through mapping material 
flows, volumes and composition to inform strategy and actions.

2022 PROGRESS

GE Vernova: Hydro 
Advanced Wastewater Treatment System 
GE Hydro’s Tianjin manufacturing facility in China uses an advanced water treatment 
system to clean water used in production. The waste treatment system uses 70% less 
energy compared to a standard installation and reduces 90% of hazardous liquid waste 
at the source. The system runs automatically without use of any chemicals or secondary 
pollution and reduces water consumption by 102 tons each year. The cost of handling 
hazardous liquid waste is also reduced significantly. 

GE Aerospace:  
Eliminating Waste Through Quality Enhancements  
At our site in Lynn, Massachusetts, kaizen events have helped to improve the quality of 
production parts and reduced scrap. One example is the T700 engine B-sump part. The 
B-sump operation previously had a first-time yield (FTY) of 50%, some of which could 
be reworked, but still resulted in significant amounts of scrap. Following a kaizen event 
in October 2021, we were able to improve the FTY of this operation and thus reduce 
the amount of scrap created. Quality was increased by improving hole preparation and 
cleaning before the weld operation. This improved FTY from 50% to 80% as of April 2023. 
Further improvements are being made, with a long-term solution created to redesign the 
process to eliminate the need for the weld all together.

GE Vernova: Gas Power  
Caustic Waste Reclamation  
Our Gas Power business partnered with Veola to identify third-party companies 
interested in purchasing waste caustic effluent to be used for acid neutralization. This 
initiative brings circularity to hazardous chemicals by providing an end-of-life solution for 
problematic chemicals and substances, which can mitigate impacts on human health. 

GE Aerospace:  
Open MRO Model 
GE Aerospace and CFM International11 support an open maintenance, repair and 
overhaul (MRO) network model, enabling airlines and third-party providers to offer 
maintenance, repair and overhaul on their engine models. For example, in 2022, Air 
France Industries KLM Engineering & Maintenance (AFI KLM E&M) signed a CFM Branded 
Service Agreement (CBSA) for LEAP-1A and LEAP-1B engines.  Under the terms of the 
CBSA, AFI KLM E&M will provide the full scope of LEAP MRO services for operators 
worldwide. Demand for LEAP MRO services is expected to grow rapidly in the coming 
years. The open MRO model provides a way for third parties to offer engine services 
meeting original equipment manufacturer standards.

11  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

Circular Economy

Goal: Increase the circularity of our products through reclamation, refurbishment and 
recycling initiatives, and evaluate the design of our products to incorporate circular thinking.

2022 PROGRESS

GE Vernova: Gas Power  
Extending Lifetime of Tobago’s Penal Power Station  
At the combined-cycle power plant, GE modernized components that were over 
30 years old, with the first flange-to-flange parts replacement project in Latin America. 
GE integrated two new gas turbines that have the potential to improve the heat rate of 
the plant by 2.25%. The project led to an additional 236 MW of capacity, the addition of 
26 MW of output and created a 25-30 year asset life extension.

GE Aerospace:  
Used Serviceable Material Extends Part Life 
When an aircraft engine arrives at a GE Aerospace shop for maintenance services, the 
engines are disassembled into modules and components to be repaired or replaced 
with a new or used serviceable part to enable the engine’s continued operation. GE 
continually invests in the development of repair capability and capacity to allow those 
components to be repaired to serviceable condition during engine restoration. This repair 
capability allows used serviceable material (USM) to be used as an alternative to new 
material during that maintenance event.

GE Aerospace has been committed for more than 20 years to supporting the demand for 
USM. The supply of USM is sourced from supply material at GE overhaul service shops, 
as well as used engines externally purchased by GE from asset owners. Through GE’s 
engineering organization, new repair processes are developed to repair components 
using advanced inspection technologies and techniques, improving component repair 
yields to support global GE and CFM International12 MRO customers. Each year, GE has 
thousands of used components physically inspected to determine if USM can be repaired 
and used in an engine maintenance event or if the material needs to be scrapped and 
potentially recycled for reapplication into manufacturing of new parts.

12  CFM International is a 50-50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

98  |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABIL IT Y R E PORT 

GE  202 2 S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  99    

Biodiversity
Biodiversity refers to the variety of plants, animals, habitats and ecosystems across the world. It is vital to ecosystem health and productivity. There 
is a growing recognition of the role and importance that biodiversity plays in allowing businesses to sustain their operations and their supply chains, 
as well as providing opportunities for employee engagement in site and business programs. 

Recent policy developments, such as the Kunming-Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework adopted during the 15th Conference of the Parties for the 
Convention on Biological Diversity, are shining a spotlight on the importance of biodiversity conservation and why the global community, including 
businesses, should assess and strengthen how we interface with biodiversity. 

GE understands the health and preservation of biodiversity are fundamental to ensuring a sustainable future for communities, nature and business 
alike. In 2023, GE is piloting business level biodiversity assessments within selected business segments. This work will help our businesses identify 
opportunities to protect and enhance biodiversity. GE has also begun to assess the relevant voluntary frameworks and potential future legislation related 
to biodiversity. The goal of these early efforts is to broaden business and functional teams’ understanding of nature impacts and positive solutions.

While our businesses work to understand their biodiversity impacts and opportunities at a holistic level, GE’s employees are actioning projects 
globally at the local and site levels through GE’s Green Team Network (GTN). Through the 2022 GE Climate Action Challenge, the GTN supported over 
85 employee-led environmental projects that will benefit the environment and communities where GE operates. 

NATIVE SPECIES RESTORATION
Planting of native Ohio prairie species
The GE Aerospace Evendale Native Prairie team set out a 90-day 
challenge to convert one-third of an acre back to native prairie, 
primarily through the removal of invasive species and planting 
of 24 Ohio prairie species of grasses and wildflowers. Native 
prairies not only provide habitat for birds, butterflies, insects, 
reptiles and other small wildlife, but are also more drought 
resistant and less water intensive than many invasives, and 
help to stabilize soils. Over 200 hours of volunteer time from 40 
employees was provided during six events resulting in a new 
prairie habitat and over 80 new members joining the local Green 
Team Network. 

REMOVAL OF INVASIVE SPECIES
GE Aerospace, Aero Engine Operation division formed a team 
that educated over 100 employees about invasives and their 
impact on the environment. Partnering with Cincinnati Parks 
Department, Civic Garden Center of Greater Cincinnati and 
Cincinnati Recreational Commission, the team committed 
50 volunteer hours to remove 55 invasive honeysuckle 
trees from approximately 1 linear mile of the Caldwell bike 
trail with the goal of allowing native species to repopulate. 
This effort improved the use of the recreational trail and 
employee engagement with climate change and nature, and 
demonstrated the importance of partnerships. 

TREE CENSUS AND PL ANTING
The Avio Energy site in Pomigliano d’Arco, Italy, formed a 
Tree Team which conducted a tree census to document 
trees on campus, define their characteristics and estimate 
CO2 removal rates from existing plantings. This information 
informed new tree planting at the site. A second team used 
the Lean Digital Moonshine process to create a mobile phone 
app which allowed site employees to participate in the tree 
mapping exercise and to view the characteristics of tree 
species. It also enables employees to monitor site garden 
watering and vegetables on an ongoing basis; on average 
40 employees use the app daily.

Also, with donations from the Gas Power plant in 
Veresegyház, Hungary, site employees collaborated with the 
local municipality in October 2022 to plant 40 trees and 90 
bushes within the city center. A Green Team hub formed at 
the site location as a result of this event and has continued 
working to improve the local community. Between employee 
holiday donations and business hub funding, the team was 
able to purchase and donate an additional five trees and 25 
bushes for planting in the city, as well as plant three trees at 
the GE Veresegyhz property in February and March of 2023. 

GE Aerospace and GE Gas Power employees at the GE 
Infrastructure Queretaro (GEIQ), Mexico, site collaborated 
to raise awareness of what a reforestation program entails. 
The team partnered with local environmental agency, 
Ecosistemica, and public park steward, Caja Gonzalo Vega 
(CGV), to plant 80 trees in a rural area (Amealco de Bonfil) 
of Querétaro, México, and developed a proposal to plant 50 
native trees inside the GEIQ campus, which was approved 
and implemented.

Environmental Justice
RE VITALIZING DISADVANTAGED 
COMMUNITIES

GE implements its commitment to environmental justice in 
several ways. 

First, we are committed to ensuring all communities where we operate 
realize the strongest environmental protection from our activities. 
Thus, we work to achieve environmental protection standards for all 
communities to the same extent regardless of the scope of applicable 
local regulations, if any.

Second, we strongly believe access to more sustainable, reliable and 
affordable electricity is critical to reducing poverty and hunger and 
promoting access to education and healthcare for all people. As described 
on page 20, we are passionate about succeeding in the energy transition 
in a way that brings reliable electricity to everyone in a sustainable way. 
Our technology plays a key role in helping governments reach their Paris 
Climate Agreement goals, while also promoting the UN SDGs, which we 
believe are the blueprint to achieving a better and more sustainable future 
for all. See pages 7-10 to read about how our strategy and sustainability 
priorities align with the UN SDGs.

Third, we support policies to clean up and redevelop idle contaminated 
properties into new hubs of economic growth and job creation. As 
described below, we are implementing an initiative to invest in remediating 
brownfields—contaminated vacant properties that could serve better 
purposes once cleaned up—particularly for public benefit in impacted and 
underserved communities.

Brownfields

As with any long-standing industrial company, GE owns many former 
manufacturing properties that are no longer core GE assets. These 
properties can be found anywhere from thriving manufacturing hubs 
to small towns and rural areas. GE has committed to stewarding these 
unused properties responsibly back to productive reuse in a way that 
stimulates economic growth and community development, avoids 
blight and redirects GE’s financial assets back to GE’s operations. For 
certain parcels with lengthy operating histories, this commitment can 
prove costly and time consuming due to obsolete infrastructure and 
environmental impacts.

Beginning in 2012, GE founded its Brownfields program to focus on 
repurposing the company’s former industrial assets. The team categorizes 
its sites for action into two groups—those properties with minimal impact 
that can be repurposed quickly, and those properties requiring demolition, 
remediation, regulatory engagement or other substantial work to promote 
meaningful reuse. Using these categories, the team takes strategic action 
and makes investments following a brownfields’ pipeline to ensure that all 
sites move successfully through the process.

GE’s Brownfields program has advanced GE’s property stewardship 
while bringing value to GE and local communities. Since 2012, GE has 
sold more than 350 properly prepared industrial sites, double GE’s pace 
before the program. Almost 70% of these sites required substantial work 
to allow appropriate reuse, compared to 52% pre-program. By coupling a 
data-driven approach to site preparation with an increased sales rate, GE 
Brownfields program has repurposed 1.9 times more challenging sites than 
GE’s previous approach. Simultaneously, the team has increased average 
property sales values by 18%, allowing the team to recoup $1.4 billion in 
sales proceeds. This is more than 2.5 times the sales value received over a 
comparable prior timeframe. Moreover, by repurposing these idle assets, GE 
has shifted approximately $40 million that would have been paid annually 
to maintain these vacant properties back into core business operations, 
freeing up $235 million over the life of the program.
GE’S ENVIRONMENTAL JUSTICE INITIATIVE 
AND FOCUS ON BROWNFIELDS
Beginning in 2019, GE enhanced its Brownfields program to prioritize 
cleanup and redevelopment of idle contaminated properties in 

environmental justice (EJ) communities. The White House and 
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) have defined EJ 
neighborhoods as those with disadvantaged populations that are most 
heavily impacted by historic industrial activity and least able to bear 
this burden. In many EJ communities, financial investment falters and 
commercial opportunities lag despite property cleanup. This leaves 
neighborhoods with vacant buildings or empty parcels that create 
blight and reduce further investment.

GE is committed to remediating and repurposing its contaminated vacant 
properties in EJ communities to help establish new hubs of economic 
growth that create jobs and to assist EJ communities to remove barriers 
that hamper realization of community benefits. Using EJSCREEN (a 
software developed by the EPA) and the Climate and Economic Justice 
Screening Tool (released by the Council on Environmental Quality), GE 
reviewed its full inventory of more than 100 owned, underused properties 
in the U.S. to identify the 53 parcels that are located in EJ communities. 
Focusing on these parcels, we have worked to define those barriers that 
discourage reinvestment and meaningful reuse, seeking community 
partners to help define local needs.

Local EJ community leaders have shared one of their most pressing needs 
is financial investment to remove obsolete buildings and infrastructure. 
In response, GE has committed more than $40 million to demolish 
its obsolete structures in EJ neighborhoods. Demolition is complete 
in Goldsboro, Kansas City, and St. Louis, Missouri, and is underway in 
Memphis, Tennessee. Remaining projects will continue through 2023.

EJ community leaders also identified site remediation and real 
estate repurposing as primary community needs. GE has undertaken 
environmental investigation and cleanup at more than 45 of its 
highest priority EJ properties. GE will work hand in hand with local 
governments, private groups, property experts and technical resources 
to define reuse plans that buttress community goals and catalyze 
sustainable economic development. Strategies under consideration 
include improved neighborhood drainage and flood relief, green energy/
electric car infrastructure, industrial repurposing and community 
solar installations. 

EUCLID, OHIO – CLEVEL AND WIRE WORKS – 
COOPERATIVE SITE REPURPOSING   
Disadvantaged Community (EJScreen)
This 27-acre property with 354,000 square feet of 
manufacturing space supported GE’s lighting business from 
1931 until August 2017. The plant manufactured tungsten 
wire used in electric bulbs and electronic tubes, as well as 
tungsten and molybdenum powders, thoriated wire, tungsten 
ingots and pressed tungsten products. After shutdown, GE 
decommissioned the buildings following Ohio’s EPA Cessation 
of Regulated Operations (CRO) protocols and received a 
notice of compliance in December 2018. Subsequent Phase I 
and Phase II environmental investigations identified areas of 
concern. In 2022, Ohio awarded a $4.5 million Brownfields 
grant to Weston, Inc. to demolish the buildings and perform 
additional remediation. Weston purchased the GE property 
to bring jobs by developing an industrial campus with 
manufacturing and warehouses. 

10 0   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  101    

 
 
 
CLEVEL AND, OHIO (E. 152 ND STREET) — 
DECONSTRUCTION AND SITE PREPARATION   
Disadvantaged Community (EJScreen)
This parcel is one of GE’s most significant EJ priorities. From 
1913 through 2009, GE operated the 800,000-square-foot 
Lamp Plant on more than 22 acres in Cleveland’s Collinwood 
Village neighborhood. As one of GE’s original lighting 
facilities, the plant primarily manufactured incandescent 
lamps, while also developing manufacturing processes 
and equipment that GE used at other facilities. After plant 
shutdown in August 2008, GE decommissioned the buildings 
following Ohio’s EPA Cessation of Regulated Operations 
(CRO) protocols. Phase I and Phase II environmental 
investigations identified areas of concern associated with 
the plant’s long operating history. Beginning in 2019, GE 
undertook a real estate process to identify potential users 
for the existing buildings. Many developers and real estate 
professionals concluded the buildings did not meet modern 
reuse standards. In 2022, GE coordinated with the city and 
obtained a demolition permit to remove existing structures—a 
project that will finish in 2023. Meanwhile, GE seeks potential 
collaborators for property cleanup, development and 
long-term reuse.

FORT WAYNE, INDIANA — ELECTRIC WORKS — 
REDEVELOPMENT    
Disadvantaged Community (EJScreen)
From 1892 until January 2015, GE operated the 31-acre 
Fort Wayne Electric Works Plant to produce commercial 
refrigeration units, lighting and rotating machinery, and 
small electric motors. During WWII, the facility supplied 
superchargers for military aircraft. Beginning in May 2016, 
GE initiated an extensive marketing process in cooperation 
with real estate experts, various community focus groups, the 
state of Indiana, the city of Fort Wayne and the Fort Wayne 
economic development community to identify beneficial site 
reuses and capable purchasers with the capacity to realize 
them. This extensive effort culminated in the 2017 property 
sale to create the Electric Works campus. Five years later, with 
more than $250 million in investments and tax credits, the 
owner has transformed 10 buildings on the campus’ west side 
to support innovative uses including the Union Street Market 
Food Hall and the new corporate headquarters for Do It Best 
Corp. The transformation will continue across other portions 
of the Electric Works campus. 

OUR GLOBAL IMPAC T 

YOGYAKARTA , INDONESIA 
As part of GE’s former Lighting manufacturing business, we leased 
a site near Yogyakarta, Indonesia, from the Sambirejo Village 
administration for solid waste storage (i.e., broken glass from lamp 
manufacturing). Following GE’s exit from the site, the Village of 
Sambirejo initiated preparation activities at the site to facilitate 
redevelopment as a soccer pitch. As part of the redevelopment 
effort, the Ministry of Environment and Forestry (MoEF) requested 
that GE develop a remedial action plan to address site conditions. 
The approved plan included the installation of a protective multi-
layered cap over the site. GE was able to work closely with regulators 
and the village to incorporate the construction of a soccer pitch into 
the final site restoration plans. 

Work to provide a viewing plaza, spectator benches, access 
pathways and a parking lot was completed in February 2023. Final 
site handover to the Sambirejo Village occurred in 2023.

Remediating Legacy Sites
We are committed to managing sites that are, or may be, impacted with 
legacy contamination arising from current or former manufacturing 
operations with the utmost care, ensuring the health and safety of our 
workers, the communities in which these sites are located and the 
environment. Further, we manage our remedial actions at these sites 
in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, as 
well as applicable federal financial reporting and reserve requirements. 
In most cases, we work in collaboration with the appropriate federal, 
state or global environmental regulatory authorities charged with 
management oversight of these sites, and also work with other 
key stakeholders (e.g., local municipalities, the public) to encourage 
dialogue and communications that can be factored into our remedial 
decision making. 

We employ a matrixed resource approach to remedial site management, 
utilizing a wing-to-wing team of in-house and external environmental 
professionals and other subject matter experts (i.e., technical, legal, 
scientific, finance and communications personnel) to manage the 
full lifecycle of a remedial project, from investigation, to remedy 
implementation, to potential maintenance and monitoring obligations. 

We draw upon the experience and expertise of this team of experts to 
develop strategies that utilize state-of-the-art technologies and best 
management practices necessary to remediate and, in some cases, 
redevelop these sites and return them back to the local communities for 
productive reuse. From a program management perspective, we utilize 
lean principles to drive long-term solutions for the environment and 
company; help identify process and programmatic issues that present 
opportunities for improvement; and help drive more accountability 
across the team. 

GE recognizes contaminated sites can be concerning and controversial 
issues for impacted communities. GE works to develop solutions in 
consensus with key regulators and the public, to the fullest extent 
possible. For a certain subset of GE-owned legacy contaminated 
sites (i.e., brownfields), GE is also focused on cleaning up those sites 
to facilitate redevelopment and repurposing in the communities 
where those sites are located. Once a remedy is decided, GE aims to 
exceed expectations on timing of implementation and efficacy of the 
outcome. Some of our most significant projects that were designed and 
implemented in close collaboration with government agencies and other 
stakeholders are reflected below. 

HOUSATONIC RIVER: REMEDY DESIGN 
EFFORTS UNDERWAY 
In addition to more than $500 million of environmental 
projects that we’ve completed in the Pittsfield, Massachusetts, 
area over the years, GE is currently working to design the 
Housatonic River (Rest of River) in-river dredging and adjacent 
soils remedy. Remedy design activities include submitting 
various site-wide work plans, as well as implementing reach-
specific sediment, riverbank and floodplain soil sampling 
efforts that will culminate in a conceptual design plan for 
the first five-mile reach that will likely be submitted to U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in late 2023. As 
part of the site-wide work plans required for this project, we 
submitted a Sustainability and Climate Adaptation Plan to the 
EPA in September 2022, in which we committed to considering 
potential sustainability practices and methods as they pertain 
to reducing or minimizing GHG emissions to the extent 
applicable and practicable. In addition, we continue the design 
activities for the Upland Disposal Facility that will be utilized 
for the protective disposal of up to 1.3 million cubic yards of 
lower polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentration material. 
GE is committed to moving forward with the work required 
to address the environmental condition of the river and the 
surrounding areas.

‘’It’s a settlement that supports health and restoration and 
sustainability... (and) ensures the Housatonic River is enjoyed 
by future generations, not just through the history books.”

— Sen. Edward Markey, 
D-Massachusetts

HUDSON RIVER   
In 2022, following years of close coordination with the EPA 
in the cleanup of the Hudson River, GE and the EPA reached 
another voluntary agreement to collect environmental data 
in the Lower Hudson. The dredging of 40 miles of the river 
north of Albany, New York, removed most of the PCBs in that 
area and sharply reduced the flow of PCBs into the lower 
river. PCB levels in water have dropped at every monitoring 
station. The EPA concluded the dredging project was effective 
in reducing PCB levels and said these declines are expected 
to continue. The Upper Hudson has been extensively studied 
and monitored for years. Less is known about environmental 
conditions in the 150 miles of the Hudson between Albany, 
New York, and the Battery (New York City) and about the 
many sources of industrial and municipal contamination 
that has been released in that part of the river. As part of the 
2022 agreement with the EPA, GE will collect data under the 
EPA’s supervision to better inform the decision of whether 
additional investigation or other actions are appropriate and 
if additional parties should be included in any future response 
actions. GE continues to work with the state of New York 
on the remediation of our former manufacturing properties 
in Fort Edward and Hudson Falls. GE and the EPA are also 
assessing Upper Hudson shorelines to determine whether, 
where and what form of remediation may be appropriate to 
address the environmental condition of the floodplains. 

“The Hudson River PCB Superfund dredging project has 
been a success... This project is the most extensive dredging 
project undertaken in the nation and its success is a historic 
achievement for the recovery of the Hudson River.”

— U. S. Environmental Protection Agency

10 2   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  103    

Human Rights

People are at the heart of GE’s operations and strategy. We released our 2021 GE Human Rights Report in 2022 to provide greater transparency into 
how we run our Human Rights program, from our suite of governance documents to our Due Diligence program. This report details our program with 
respect to our own workers, those of our suppliers and the communities affected by GE operations and business relationships. Read our 2021 GE 
Human Rights Report here.

In 2006, GE was among the first American companies to issue a Human Rights Statement of Principles reflecting our commitment, among 
other things, to respect fundamental labor rights including the prohibition of forced and child labor in GE operations and those of 
our suppliers. It is the cornerstone of our global program, grounding our commitment to human rights in the United Nations Guiding Principles 
on Business and Human Rights, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact. 
Driven by those standards, we strive to respect the fundamental dignity of everyone we might affect directly through our operations, products 
and services, and indirectly through our business relationships across the globe. Our ideals flow from the International Bill of Human Rights, the 
International Labor Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the UN Sustainable Development Goals. We seek 
to treat everyone affected by our business and value chain—including employees (see page 70), workers, customers and communities—with fairness 
and dignity.

“ At GE, we’re focused on 
improving our impact on our 
people, communities and planet. 
Respecting human rights around 
the world has long been a part 
of our culture of unyielding 
integrity and is embedded in 
our environmental, social and 
governance priorities.”

Larry Culp  
Chairman and CEO, GE  
CEO, GE Aerospace

“ A strong sustainability and human 
rights program is critical to our 
mission. It is also professionally 
and personally important to 
our employees, communities, 
customers, investors and 
business partners. We strive for 
transparency with our stakeholders 
to hold ourselves accountable and 
to drive continuous improvement.”

Tran Che  
Global Human Rights Counsel, GE

GE and Friends of the 
Global Fight

In 2022, GE joined Friends of the 
Global Fight, an organization 
dedicated to ending the epidemics 
of AIDS, tuberculosis (TB) and 
malaria. Friends of the Global 
Fight works in partnership with 
the Global Fund, a public-private 
partnership, advocating for U.S. 
investment and programming to 
eradicate AIDS, TB and malaria. 
Since March 2020, the Global 
Fund has expanded its scope 
to include U.S. and other donor 
support for the fight against 
COVID-19 by providing critical 
medical equipment and supplies 
such as diagnostic tests, personal 
protective equipment and medical 
oxygen. GE is proud to support 
Friends of the Global Fight in 
its mission.

GE HUMAN RIGHTS ENTERPRISE POLICIES 
AND STANDARDS
For our employees, directors and officers, GE’s The Spirit & The Letter 
(S&L) details our human rights expectations within the GE Human 
Rights Policy along with other related policies and procedures such as 
our Environment, Health and Safety Policy and Respectful Workplace 
Policy. We use enterprise standards and policy documents to embed 
our human rights expectations and principles throughout GE’s business 
operations and value chain.

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENTS
GE engages with external stakeholders to identify human rights risks 
throughout our value chain and collaborates with peers, experts and civil 
society groups to seek practical solutions. As a founding member of the 
Global Business Initiative on Human Rights, GE works with multinational 
corporations through a cross-industry peer learning platform to 
embed respect for human rights into business operations, drive 
improvements with peer learning, bring focus to emerging challenges 
and identify solutions.

GE has implemented operational requirements for businesses 
known as the Human Rights Enterprise Standard, which helps 
businesses identify and understand the salient human rights risks 
across the company and how they are expected to respond to those 
risks. The Enterprise Standard sets out minimum requirements 
that businesses must adhere to regarding risk assessment and 
identification, due diligence of third parties, and escalation and 
remediation of any concerns related to human rights. It provides 
practical guidance and best practices for business implementation to 
mitigate human rights risk within our operations.

The Human Rights Working Group, led by our Global Human Rights 
Counsel, meets regularly to discuss the implementation of the standard 
and the evolving landscape of human rights issues and risks in the 
communities we serve. To read more about our governance process, 
please see our GE Human Rights Report.

SALIENT RISKS
A recent company-wide global human rights assessment conducted by 
a leading human rights advisory firm identified four priority issue areas 
for salience and impact—climate and energy; product stewardship; 
worker welfare; and community welfare.

Both worker welfare and community welfare capture the rights of 
stakeholders upstream and downstream throughout the value chain; 
they each also capture the potential to shape the world for good 
through the lens of the UN SDGs.

The analysis of worker and community welfare across our value chain 
resulted in seven salient rights:

•  Modern Slavery.

•  Child Labor.

•  Freedom of Association.

•  Just Working Conditions.

•  Right to Health: Environment.

•  Right to Security of the Person.

•  Indigenous Rights.

We detail our salient risks in our 2021 GE Human Rights Report.

Rachel Stagnitti 
working in 
Schenectady,  
New York.

Based on our engagement with the Leadership Group for Responsible 
Recruitment (LGRR), GE adopted and implemented the Employer Pays 
Principle with respect to any recruitment fees and prohibits the types 
of actions associated with the most common forms of modern slavery, 
including the withholding of immigration documents and misleading 
recruitment tactics. As one of its initiatives, LGRR works with GE and 
member companies to create demand for responsible recruitment by 
raising awareness about the benefits of ethical practices and developing 
tools to help companies implement the Employer Pays Principle.

Since 2008, GE has been an active participant in the United Nations 
Global Compact (UNGC) aligning with the Ten Principles of the UNGC 
around human rights, labor, environment and anti-corruption. Over 
the years, GE partnered with the UNGC on initiatives such as the 
Human Rights Dilemmas for Multinational Corporations in Emerging 
Markets and participated in its Young Sustainable Development Goals 
Innovators Program.

Our Human Rights program depends on the practical understanding of 
our people and business partners. Taking a multifaceted approach helps 
to address the human rights challenges GE faces in the various markets 
we serve and operate in. We provide employees with learning modules 
on human rights and forced labor; company-wide policies and programs; 
the causes and global footprint of forced labor; and, most important, 
how they can serve a role in identifying and reporting possible signs of 
human rights issues when they are at GE operations, supplier facilities 
or customer sites. GE strives to continuously improve our procedures to 
identify, prevent, mitigate and remedy our salient human rights impacts. 
To learn more about our program, see our GE Human Rights Report.

Ethical Supply Chain and 
Responsible Mineral Sourcing

GE is committed to unyielding integrity and high standards of 
business conduct in our dealings with suppliers. Since 2002, GE has 
implemented an extensive Supplier Responsibility Governance (SRG) 
program to build and strengthen an ethical, sustainable and 
transparent global supply chain and establish clear social and 
environmental responsibility requirements for suppliers.

All suppliers must contractually commit to the GE Integrity Guide 
for Suppliers, Contractors and Consultants, which requires suppliers 
to strictly comply with laws and lawful business practices, provide 
a safe and healthy work environment, and meet GE’s standards of 
ethical conduct relating to human rights, the fair treatment of workers, 
environmental protection and resource conservation. The guide also 
provides a strict prohibition on bribery and any form of improper 
payment in connection with any GE procurement, transaction or 
business dealing. Other topics addressed by the guide include supplier 
responsibilities regarding responsible mineral sourcing, trade controls, 
privacy and security. 

10 4   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  105    

GE explicitly prohibits suppliers from using child, prison, forced or 
indentured labor and subjecting workers to any form of compulsion, 
coercion or human trafficking. We further require that our first-tier 
suppliers cascade the requirements of the GE Integrity Guide to 
their sub-tier suppliers. Under this multifaceted ethical supply chain 
program, suppliers are prioritized for detailed pre-engagement and 
periodic follow-up, on-site assessments based on country risks 
(including human trafficking risk), supplier past performance and other 
factors, such as media reports or supplier employee complaints.

The SRG program uses a systematic approach for assessing risks in our 
supply chain, monitoring and improving supplier performance. For more 
information on our SRG program, please see page 11 of GE’s Human 
Rights Report.

Our approach includes:

•  A country risk assessment, updated every two years, incorporating 
manufacturing risk along with human rights risk assessments lifted 
from third-party data and risk indices. For more information on our 
Supplier Due Diligence program, please see pages 11-13 of GE’s 
Human Rights Report. 

•  Clear risk assessment criteria to prioritize suppliers for audits 

depending upon factors such as their location, if they are producing 
parts that will be incorporated into GE products and/or if they use 
labor brokers to recruit migrant workers.

•  A rigorous auditing program using trained and certified SRG auditors, 
to assess conformance with our requirements prior to onboarding.

•  Monitoring the continued compliance and improvement of existing 
suppliers using thorough on-site audits or remote audits at a typical 
frequency of one to five years based upon the supplier’s risk profile.

•  Recording, tracking and monitoring all SRG audit findings in our 

proprietary reporting tool. Suppliers must rectify issues in a timely 
manner. We track all issues to closure, with verification of the 
elimination or appropriate mitigation of such risks. GE will suspend or 
terminate a supplier relationship should the supplier fail to mitigate 
or eliminate issues as required by the corrective action plan.

•  Continual evaluation of new methods to assess and manage risk in 

our supply chain and effectively address the evolving challenges and 
risks. For example, GE allows the option of desktop remote audits for 
suppliers so our auditing program could continue during the height 
of COVID-19 pandemic. Applying the same scope and questionnaire 

used in the on-site audits, our remote audits rely on digital tools to 
allow suppliers to provide supporting documentation and to verify 
the closure of audit findings.

AUDITING GE’S GLOBAL SUPPLY CHAIN
Our goal is to work with suppliers to bring them into compliance and 
drive sustainable improvements in their operations and practices. 
However, in the event of a serious violation of law, human rights 
or GE’s code of conduct, GE will act to immediately cease the 
business relationship.

The SRG program drives GE’s ability to continuously assess, monitor 
and drive improvement in its supply chain. More important, through 
our regular communication and engagement with our suppliers, we can 
build their capability to improve their compliance, environment, health 
and safety practices, and respectful workplace practices, and reduce 
human rights and modern slavery risks.

RESPONSIBLE MINERAL SOURCING
Aligned with GE’s SRG program, GE strives to assure our supply chains 
are ethical and sustainable when obtaining products containing tin, 
tantalum, tungsten, gold (known collectively as 3TG), which are common 
constituents of many of our products from aircraft engines to wind 
turbines. GE is committed to working to eliminate from our products all 
3TG minerals that potentially finance armed groups in the Democratic 
Republic of Congo (DRC), or its adjoining “Covered Countries”. GE’s 
Responsible Mineral Sourcing Principles outline GE’s commitment to 
respecting human rights through responsible sourcing practices when it 
comes to sourcing products containing these minerals.

GE prohibits use of forced or child labor in its operations and supply chain 
and proactively addresses these concerns through its Ethical Supply 
Chain program. We recognize conflict is just one of the risks related to 
mineral sourcing where critical issues such as poverty, environmental 
degradation, child labor and general inequality must be addressed as well.

Each year, we undertake reasonable due diligence to determine if any 
of our products containing 3TG originated in the DRC or other Covered 
Countries. We then file a report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange 
Commission on the use of 3TG in our products and the outcome of our 
3TG sourcing due diligence. For additional information, see our most 
recent Conflict Minerals Report here.

Auditing GE’s Global Supply Chain

Total Global Audits14

202013

2021

2022

1,286

1,115

1,233

Total Suppliers Approved15 (new, existing and from acquisition)

1,039

966

1,014

Total Suppliers Rejected15 (new, existing and from acquisition)

71

26

44

Total Findings16

7,348

6,031

6,482

13 

14 

Beginning with the 2020 metric year, our supply chain metrics reflect changes and improvements in GE’s Supplier 
Responsibility Governance (SRG) program. 

The number of Total Global Audits is greater than total suppliers reviewed as some suppliers were audited twice (i.e., 
desktop audit due to COVID-19 restrictions followed by on-site visits) or there were return visits to confirm corrective 
actions were completed.

15  New metric reported in 2020 from SRG program and audits.
16 

Findings identified vary from policy improvements to process changes. GE tracks all issues to closure with verification 
such issues were properly addressed. GE will suspend or terminate a relationship should the supplier fail to implement 
adequate measures as required by the corrective action plan.

Learn more 

Freedom of Association

GE Vernova 
employee in Birr, 
Switzerland.

Respect for freedom 
of association is 
one of GE’s core 
commitments to 
all employees.

As of December 31, 2022, GE has approximately 5,745 union-represented 
manufacturing and service employees in the United States. Following the spin-off of GE 
HealthCare, GE has approximately 4,670 union-represented manufacturing and service 
employees in the United States. GE has a long history of industrial peace and comity 
with its unions, in part because freedom of association is a core value. Consequently, GE 
has enjoyed respectful and successful negotiations with its labor unions for many years. 
Here are some of the labor unions representing U.S. employees—the International Union 
of Electronic, Electrical, Salaried, Machine and Furniture Workers - Communications 
Workers of America; the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace 
Workers; the United Auto Workers; the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers; 
and the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers.

The majority are covered by four-year collective bargaining agreements that were 
ratified in 2019 and are scheduled to terminate in 2023. GE is holding negotiations to 
enter into new agreements on or before their termination dates. As of the date of this 
publication, the IUE-CWA overwhelmingly ratified a two-year extension of their current 
national labor contract with GE. While the outcome of the remaining 2023 negotiations 
cannot be predicted, GE’s past negotiations have resulted in agreements that provide 
employees with good wages and benefits while addressing the competitive realities 
facing GE.

GE’s relationship with employee-representative organizations outside the U.S. takes 
many forms, especially in the European Union. We estimate our employees are 
represented by approximately 150 representative bodies throughout the EU. Social 
dialogue is a key component of doing business in Europe and a driver of sustainable 
business growth for GE in the region. GE values a positive and constructive relationship 
with its social partners. Information exchange and consultation occur through works 
councils, trade unions and employee-representative bodies at various levels of the 
business organizations in accordance with national laws.

For transnational matters, in 2018, we put in place a new GE European Works Council 
(EWC) structure; it comprises a Central Committee focused primarily on enterprise-
wide issues, together with three business-specific committees reflective of our GE 
Renewable Energy, Power and Aerospace divisions. Those committees enable the 
exchange of information and input between senior leaders of the company and 
European employees’ representatives. Together, GE EWC now covers approximately 
99% of our European workforce, providing a voice to more than 40,000 employees.

In China, 14 of our 26 GE legal entities have unions representing nearly 5,000 
employees, all affiliated with the All-China Federation of Trade Unions, including our 
corporate employees in China. In Latin America, many of our employees are represented 
by unions. 

10 6   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  107    

            
100 Years
For 100 years, the GE Foundation has been committed to transforming our communities and shaping the diverse workforce of tomorrow by 
leveraging the power of GE. Today, Next Engineers is increasing the diversity of young people in engineering. In our hometown of Boston, we are 
working to improve workforce diversity, attack the opioid crisis and drive STEM education in public schools. We are also inspiring others to act by 
connecting GE people with communities through our Disaster and Humanitarian Relief program. The GE STAR Awards provide financial support to 
eligible children of GE employees for their achievements. The following are just a handful of the many highlights from the past century.

To experience the full interactive timeline, including photos spotlighting GE’s impact over the past 100 years, visit the GE Innovation Timeline here.

The GE Foundation

100 YEARS OF AN ENDURING IMPACT
The GE Foundation recently celebrated 100 years of an enduring impact globally. 
Since our founding in 1922 as the Charles A. Coffin Foundation, honoring the 
retirement of GE’s first president, we have been committed to transforming our 
communities and shaping the diverse workforce of tomorrow by leveraging the 
power of GE.

This year, the foundation’s signature program, Next Engineers, also celebrated 
one year of inspiring the next generation of engineers and innovators across four 
global cities—Cincinnati, Ohio, and Greenville, South Carolina, in the U.S., along with 
Johannesburg, South Africa, and Staffordshire, England. With a focus on increasing 
the diversity of young people in engineering, this global college and career readiness 
program successfully facilitated more than 12,000 student engagements since the 
program began, thanks to our program leaders, local partners and GE volunteers.

LINDA BOFF 
President, GE Foundation and 
Vice President, GE

In our home state, we joined forces with the Massachusetts Maritime Academy to launch the GE Fellows Program and build a diverse pipeline 
of students pursuing clean energy careers. The endowed scholarship program will fund career exploration programming for middle and high 
school students, scholarships for undergraduate and graduate students, and offshore wind training and certification program for adult learners. 
What’s more, the grant fulfills our $50 million philanthropic commitment to the city of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in STEM 
education, community health and workforce diversity. 

Just as we’re proudly looking back on the foundation’s history in celebration of its 100 year anniversary, we are looking ahead to what’s next. 
Given GE’s plans to launch three independent, industry-leading companies focused on energy, flight and health, our team at the GE Foundation 
has been supporting leadership in each future company as they establish their own structures for giving and identifying key focus areas. 

I’m excited to see what these incredible teams have planned to build the world of tomorrow by leveraging the power of three independent 
companies. Our team is grateful to our partners and GE employees who have made a century of an enduring global impact—and what’s to 
come—possible.

Next Engineers’ 
Engineering Camp 
in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Next Engineers’ 
Engineering 
Academy in 
Staffordshire, 
England  
(photo credit: 
Erica Spangler).

10 8   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  109    

1922Charles A. Coffin, GE’s co-founder and first President, retires and the Charles A. Coffin Foundation is created. The foundation aims to encourage and reward service in the electrical field by giving prizes to its employees; recognition to lighting, power and railway companies for improvement in service to the public; fellowships to graduate students; and funds for research work at technical schools and colleges.1952The GE Education Fund is renamed the GE Foundation in 1952. In 1954, the foundation creates the concept of corporate gift-matching—still in practice today—to support employees in their personal philanthropy by providing a 1:1 match. This is the first corporate matching gift program for colleges and universities, which over time revolutionized corporate giving and empowered employees and corporations to team up and leverage their higher education donations.1984The GE Foundation establishes the GE STAR Awards program to provide competitive scholarships to children of eligible GE employees around the world. The program awards more than 15,000 scholarships worldwide, totaling more than $21 million. The winners are chosen based on their academic record, extracurricular activities and community service, and personal experiences and goals as described in personal essays.2004The GE Foundation launches Developing Health Globally (DHG) to increase access to quality healthcare in underserved communities around the world. DHG invests $145 million to train more than 2,000 healthcare workers in many disciplines, including biomedical technicians across 16 countries. In 2015, the foundation launches Safe Surgery 2020, a $25 million investment, to drive improved access to surgery in low-income countries. The program delivers leadership and team training, education for hundreds of nurses to provide anesthesia, and access to vital medical oxygen for over 30 million people in low-income countries.2021The GE Foundation launches Next Engineers, a college and career readiness program aiming to increase the diversity of young people in the engineering industry in four global cities—Cincinnati, Ohio; Greenville, South Carolina; Staffordshire, England; and Johannesburg, South Africa. The program provides students ages 13 to 18 with first-hand experiences in engineering concepts and careers, and ultimately awards partial scholarships to pursue higher education in engineering.Investing in Boston and Massachusetts
When GE moved its headquarters to Boston in 2016, the GE Foundation set out to become a true partner in the community, committing $50 million 
to charities in the city and across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts. 

Here’s a look at what we’ve been working towards alongside our neighbors, colleagues and partners.

A special thank you to our partners in Boston and across Massachusetts who have made this work possible. We’re proud to support this 
incredible community.

Developing Engineering and Other Technical Skills

Next Engineers’ 
Engineering Camp 
participants 
work together in 
Johannesburg, 
South Africa 
(photo credit: 
Protec).

STEM EDUCATION 
Increase access to STEM education in Boston public schools.

•  Mobile STEM Labs:  

Providing access and exposure to digital fabrication tools

 > Reached over 6,100 students across 36 schools

•  Science Education:  

Building a foundation for STEM learning

 > Reached 54,000 students with access to digital learning platforms 

•  COVID-19 Acceleration Academies:  

Helping to close learning gaps caused by the pandemic

 > Supported 8,000 students across 66 schools

WORKFORCE DIVERSITY
Promote workforce diversity and economic opportunity for underrepresented and 
underemployed populations.

•  Advanced Manufacturing Training Expansion  

Program (AMTEP):  
Helping to address the North Shore’s skills gap in partnership with the Baker-
Polito Administration

 > Goal: Reach more than 900 high school students and adult learners by 2025

•  GE Fellows Program with Massachusetts Maritime Academy Foundation:  

Supporting students and adult learners pursuing renewable energy careers

 > $150,000 in scholarships awarded annually

 > Nearly 50 scholarships every year

COMMUNITY HEALTH 
Support community health initiatives statewide, with a particular emphasis on the 
opioid crisis.

•  Project HERE:  

Providing substance use prevention education in Massachusetts middle schools

 > Reached over 350 schools across the Commonwealth 

•  Massachusetts League of Community Health  

Centers & Boston Medical Center:  
Training more providers in addiction medicine to fight the opioid crisis

 > 105% increase in trained providers

 > 59% increase in patients seeking care for addiction

•  Primary Care Leadership Program (PCLP):  

Connecting diverse students to U.S. community health centers, including 
in Massachusetts

 > Supported 665 scholars

 > 93% are racially and ethnically diverse

JFK-GE Foundation STEM scholarship recipients

GE Fellows Program launch

Primary Care Leadership Program

In October 2022, the GE Foundation’s Next Engineers, a global college and career readiness program to increase the diversity of young people in 
engineering, celebrated its first anniversary. The program provides students ages 13 to 18 with first-hand experiences in engineering concepts and 
careers and ultimately awards partial scholarships to pursue higher education in engineering. The Next Engineers program is located across four 
cities—Cincinnati, Ohio, and Greenville, South Carolina, in the U.S., along with Johannesburg, South Africa, and Staffordshire, England.

Next Engineers offers three inspiring programs to engage students on their paths to engineering studies:

•  Engineering Discovery is the first pillar of the Next Engineers program for students ages 13 to 14. The purpose of this program is to expose 

students to the basic fundamentals of engineering through multiple, one-hour exploratory experiences and hands-on activities. Students also have 
the unique opportunity to connect with real GE engineers who inspire young learners and highlight the array of engineering careers.

•  Engineering Camp is for students ages 14 to 15 to help them develop engineering identities through a weeklong immersive camp experience. 
Students interact with experienced engineering faculty and staff, complete design challenges, work to solve real-world problems, and interact 
directly with professional engineers and business leaders. During our first year, we reached 630 students.

•  Engineering Academy is a three-year program for students ages 15 to 18 to learn to think and act like engineers and prepare to advance to post-
secondary education; it kicked off in all four locations during Next Engineers’ second quarter, January-March 2022. Thanks to the recruitment 
efforts of our community partners University of Cincinnati, Clemson University, Connectr and PROTEC, a total of 382 15-year-olds from 119 
schools applied to the academy, and 204 students began the program this year with approximately 50 students enrolled in each location.

Reflecting on the past year of Next Engineers, we have an opportunity to look at our progress and continue building on the momentum while simultaneously 
seeing where we can enhance the program for the betterment of our students long term across all four cities. One of our Engineering Academy students in 
Staffordshire, England, said it best: “I thought if I could enroll in the academy, I would be one step closer to my dream.” Next Engineers wouldn’t be what it is 
today without our employees, partners and communities. Thank you for helping us reach our goal of increasing the diversity of young people in engineering 
and, more important, building a world that works—for everyone. Learn more 

ENGINEERING DISCOVERY   
Greenville, South Carolina 
In May 2022, GE volunteers and community partner Clemson 
University PEER & WISE hosted an Engineering Discovery 
event. In small teams, students took on the tall tower 
challenge and worked together to create the tallest tower 
possible using only straws, pipe cleaners and paper clips. 
The goal of this challenge was for the tower to support the 
weight of a golf ball for two minutes. This discovery challenge 
gave the students an engaging and fun hands-on project to 
learn more about civil engineering in a team-based learning 
environment.

ENGINEERING CAMP   
Johannesburg, South Africa   
In July, 208 students from schools around Johannesburg 
participated in a five-day engineering camp session at 
Witwatersrand University. Students resided on the university 
campus while participating in an array of activities, challenges, 
and inspirational talks in a team-building and interactive 
environment. In one of the design challenges, learners 
were divided into teams of five, in which each member was 
responsible for one of the following—project management, 
financial management, civil engineering, design management 
and quality assurance. Throughout the week, learners spent 
time with university students experiencing campus life, 
getting them excited about their future opportunity to attend 
university to study engineering.

11 0   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  111    

ENGINEERING ACADEMY   
Cincinnati, Ohio   
Mya, a sophomore high school student from outside of 
Cincinnati, Ohio, comes from an academically driven family 
and was encouraged by her favorite math teacher to apply 
for the Next Engineers’ Engineering Academy program. For 
their first project, students worked on desalinating salt water 
to make it drinkable. She appreciates the program’s design 
challenges, which are focused on solving real-world problems, 
saying, “I’m always learning something new. Engineering 
intersects with everything.”

ENGINEERING ACADEMY   
Staffordshire, England 
Engineering Academy students visited GE Grid Solutions 
where GE volunteers shared how they are an important 
part of the world’s transition to clean, renewable energy. 
The GE volunteers presented what they do in their roles and 
provided examples of problems they tackle as part of their 
jobs. Following the presentation, students took tours learning 
about grid automation and transformers, and participated 
in a workshop covering employee expectations, soft skills, 
personal branding and the power of networking. The following 
day, they had the chance to take part in a hydropower design 
challenge at Staffordshire University.

PROGRAM HIGHLIGHTS
October 2021 to December 2022

12,000+

student engagements in 
Engineering Discovery events

205

Engineering Academy students in 
year one

65%

Engineering Academy applications 
from diverse backgrounds

Workforce Diversity and Economic Inclusion

Education is a significant driver of economic inclusion. With a long history of education and workforce diversity programs, the GE Foundation made 
a $2 million commitment between 2020 and 2021 to support organizations focused on training and education. Six of these organizations focus on 
diversity and equipping young people with the skills, knowledge and leadership abilities to enable them to become global leaders as they enter the 
engineering workforce.

National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), Jackie Robinson Foundation (JRF), Advancing Minorities’ Interest in Engineering (AMIE), 
National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering (NACME), Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) and Society of Woman 
Engineers (SWE) were funded by the GE Foundation to provide scholarships, leadership development and mentoring programs to help diverse 
high school students pursue higher education in STEM fields, in most instances, in an engineering major. To date, these organizations awarded 51 
scholarships to students studying engineering, ranging from $5,000 to $40,000.

“ I am a female Latin American who desires to 
change the world one day. My overall goal is 
to make an eco-friendly car or aircraft that is 
affordable for everybody. Once I receive my degree 
as a mechanical engineer at Texas A&M, I intend to 
work in a renewable industry, such as automotive, 
aircraft or nuclear power plant industry. I also 
plan to attain my master’s degree in mechanical 
engineering and business to expand my ideas and 
convert them into reality.” 

Dana Jaime  
Mechanical Engineering 

The GE Foundation is also supporting an innovative development 
program with the National Minority Supplier Development 
Council (NMSDC) called CyberReadyMBE™. The cyber program 
will help prepare minority business enterprises (MBEs) for contract 
opportunities with the U.S. government and with corporations across 
the U.S. The cyber program aims to improve MBEs’ capabilities in a 
growing industry by helping companies get designated as cyber ready, 
provide them with cyber readiness pathways and connect designated 
MBEs to contract opportunities.

After a successful pilot program with 23 MBEs in 2021, the first 
cohort of the program was officially launched in 2022. Over 240 small 
businesses attended virtual and on-demand sessions with curated 
content designed to prepare MBEs to protect their corporations from 
cybercrimes by obtaining a cybersecurity pathway to close cyber gaps 
and build opportunities with federal and corporate stakeholders. To 
date, 81 MBEs or 16% have earned their certificate of completion and 
eight MBEs have earned their CyberReadyMBE® designation. The first 
cohort closed on February 21, 2023.

ENABLING HIGHER EDUCATION

“ As a technology provider to small and 
medium-sized businesses, many with limited 
cybersecurity knowledge, it’s critical to highlight 
our cybersecurity competency. Completing the 
CyberReadyMBE® program helps to demonstrate 
our cybersecurity competency.” 

John Mendes  
Vice President, Information Security, PamTen, Inc.

Developing Health
The GE Foundation, through its signature Developing Health Globally™ 
program, has a long history of increasing access to quality healthcare in 
underserved communities around the world. Through its collaboration 
with national ministries of health, public and private health facilities, 
non-governmental organization and academia, the GE Foundation 
continued to see its multi-sector effort improve surgical capacity and 
training with its Safe Surgery 2020 initiative. Access to safe, affordable 
surgical and anesthetic care is a pressing issue in global health. There 
are currently 5 billion people across the world who lack access to 
the safe surgical care they need. The $25 million commitment has 
supported a five-year initiative that focuses on transforming the 
accessibility, quality and safety of surgical care in low and middle-
income countries (LMICs), leading to reductions in maternal and 
trauma-related mortality and stronger health systems. 

The GE Foundation’s Safe Surgery 2020 and its partners continued 
increasing medical oxygen accessibility to patients around the globe, 
improved anesthesia training across East Africa, expanded medical 
tele-education and tele-mentoring for in-service training, and 
strengthened health facilities through biomedical technician training.  

Safe Surgery 
2020 in Cambodia 
(photo credit: 
Harvard Medical 
School).

The GE Foundation established the GE STAR Awards program in 
1984 to provide competitive scholarships to children of eligible 
GE employees around the world. Since then, more than 15,000 
awards have been given worldwide, totaling more than $21 
million. The winners are chosen based on their academic record, 
extracurricular activities and community service, and personal 
experiences and goals as described in personal essays.

OXYGEN ACCESS
The GE Foundation’s investments in oxygen access led to: 

•  Direct provision of medical oxygen to approximately 167,000 patients 
with over 170,000 cylinders of oxygen (over 1 million cubic meters 
of oxygen). 

•  Development of a curriculum to install, maintain and repair pressure 
swing adsorption (PSA) oxygen plants, with the goal of strengthening 
local capacity to sustain medical oxygen production by preserving 
life-saving equipment.

•  Publication of key learnings and cost analysis from oxygen programs 
across Kenya, Rwanda and Ethiopia in an academic journal so other 
practitioners can capitalize on lessons learned. 

•  Evaluation of 28 PSA plants across five countries—Burkina Faso, 

Burundi, Ethiopia, Ghana and Rwanda—to source parts, repair plants 
and restore oxygen production capacity.

•  Provision of the first public-sector training on PSA oxygen system 

maintenance in Mongolia to 110 biomedical technicians, which will 
be crucial to sustaining access to medical oxygen in Mongolia. 

•  Creation of new tools for modeling medical oxygen production and 

demand, including oxygen accessory and consumable demand, at the 
national and regional levels.

HEALTH TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT 
PROGRAMS
Having reliable, functional medical equipment ready to treat patients 
is imperative to saving lives and providing high-quality patient care. 
However, the World Health Organization suggests that without trained 
biomedical technicians, up to 70% of medical equipment in low and 
middle-income countries is nonfunctional and not available to care 
for patients. The GE Foundation’s investment in biomedical technician 
training strengthens the Tanzanian and Cambodian health systems by:

•  Increasing the functionality of medical equipment across a network 

of hospitals by creating a biomedical service hub that trained 
biomedical technicians and provided them with tools, test equipment 
and spare parts.

•  Investing in the first biomedical service hub model in Tanzania which 

serves a network of 10 hospitals and increased the percentage 
of functional equipment from 63% to 84%. 

11 2   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  113    

ANESTHESIA ACCESS THROUGH 
IMPACT AFRICA
Safe anesthesia is critical to filling the unmet global need of 143 million 
surgical procedures each year. However, across sub-Saharan Africa there 
are not enough anesthesiologists or nurse anesthetists to meet the 
surgical need. The GE Foundation’s long-standing investments in global 
anesthesia led to the development of the ImPACT Africa Anesthesia 
Curriculum, written by Vanderbilt University Medical Center and AIC 
Kijabe. In 2022, the GE Foundation’s investments directly led to:

•  Strengthening Tanzania’s anesthesia training capacity at three major 
medical education institutions by upskilling both nurse and physician 
anesthesia educators and installing state-of-the-art simulation 
labs where students can get hands-on experience in a low stakes 
environment.

•  Providing in-service simulation training to more than 448 obstetric 

surgical team clinicians across 10 hospitals in surgical team 
techniques that improve responses in obstetric emergencies.

•  Capitalizing on existing GE Foundation investments in educator 

training and simulation labs at two anesthesia training centers in 
Ethiopia to launch two new physician residency programs, even in 
the midst of civil conflict and a global pandemic. These residency 
programs are the second anesthesia residency programs outside of 
Addis Ababa, which will bring increased quality of anesthesia care to 
the Amhara and Tigray regions.

“ [Through this program] we were kind of onboarded 
with new teaching methods that can be applied 
globally regardless of resource as long as there is 
internet! I was allowed to use the resources from  
the Learning Resource Center (LRC) freely. The 
participants are clamoring for refresher sessions and 
are practicing what they learned. We had practical 
sessions during the training. Their practice has 
changed! It’s a great way to reach the underserved 
and the unserved for equity regardless of setting. It’s 
a good adaptation to the ‘new normal’.” 

Dr. Datti  
Aminu Kano Teaching Hospital, Nigeria

TELE-MENTORING TO E XPAND   
HEALTHCARE ACCESS
When the COVID-19 pandemic began in March 2020, clinicians around 
the globe needed evidence-based strategies for treating very ill 
patients, keeping themselves safe and maximizing local resources in 
a world where scientific information was changing daily. In response 
to this need, the Oxygen Therapy and Critical Care Extension for 
Community Healthcare Outcomes Hubs were born, capitalizing on 
existing equipment and expertise funded through the GE Foundation’s 
Safe Surgery 2020 Tele-Mentoring program. Even after the immediate 
needs of the pandemic, teams found that using a tele-mentoring, hub-
and-spoke model quickly disseminated important clinical information, 
built a clinical peer support system and developed a network of clinical 
trainers across the globe. Since the spring of 2020, in partnership 
with Stanford Anesthesia’s Division of Global Health Equity and Assist 
International, the following tele-mentoring milestones have been 
achieved:
•  An open-access course platform, the Global Anesthesia and Critical 
Care Learning Resource Center has been created and accessed by 
more than 3,000 users.

11 4   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

Safe Surgery 2020 
in Tanzania (photo 
credit: Harvard 
Medical School).

•  Development of  an implementation manual to share information on the programs and how to deploy them effectively with country policy makers 

for scaling up within the country. 

•  Development of a detailed program to enable nations to create and implement their own National Surgical, Obstetric and Anesthesia 

Plans (NSOAP) to change policy, build surgical workforce capacity, test and implement new innovations, and contribute evidence to further 
improvements in surgical access and quality.

•  A primary tele-mentoring hub, as well as 10 additional hubs across 

Sub-Saharan Africa and two in Latin America (Columbia and Mexico) 
were established; hubs in Latin America were directly funded by 
the GE Foundation.

•  Over 4,400 unique live participants attended tele-mentoring 

sessions, 82% of whom plan to change their clinical practice based 
on learnings from this program, and 73% of whom describe this tele-
mentoring model as equally or more useful than in-person mentoring. 

Safe Surgery 
2020 in Ethiopia 
(photo credit: 
Harvard Medical 
School).

CONTINUED IMPACT OF SAFE SURGERY 2020
Safe Surgery 2020 launched in Ethiopia and Tanzania in partnership 
with their Ministries of Health, global organizations as well as local 
partners from the surgical society, local teaching institutions and 
district hospitals. In 2018, the initiative expanded to Southeast Asia, 
with programs starting in Cambodia. Several outputs will carry forward 
sustainably for years to come. These outputs include:

•  Advanced knowledge about how to improve surgical quality in 
low and middle-income countries (25 peer-reviewed papers, 
48 conference presentations and nine policy documents, chapter and 
case studies).

•  Training of over 2,900 healthcare workers in 58 healthcare facilities in 

three countries on safe surgery.

•  Establishment of two oxygen plants to improve the availability of 

oxygen at 40 healthcare facilities.

•  Introduction of registers to monitor the access and quality of 

surgical services and built capacity of surgical team members in 
how to collect, use and learn from data to improve surgical access 
and quality. 

•  Development of an extensive network of local trainers and mentors, 

including 67 anesthesia trainers in Ethiopia alone and a global 
network of resources through Project ECHO. 

•  Development of a validated Safe Surgery Organizational Readiness 

Tool (SSORT) to enable facilities to assess their readiness to 
deploy the changes required for implementation of safety and 
quality improvements. 

•  Support of  Tanzanian policy makers in research capacity building 
efforts including a country-wide research capacity assessment. 

REDUCING HEALTH DISPARITIES
Access to specialty healthcare in rural and medically underserved areas around the world is limited. Project ECHO is an innovative model that builds 
the capacity of and reskills primary care providers to treat more patients with chronic, complex conditions, exponentially expanding access to care. 
Through a $14 million, multiyear commitment made in 2015, the GE Foundation, as one of the largest funders of Project ECHO, has supported global 
replication and scale of this model. By leveraging technology, primary care providers are linked with multidisciplinary teams of specialists who share 
their expertise. As the primary care providers expand their knowledge and skills, they can begin to treat more patients. With the GE Foundation’s 
support, Project ECHO has grown to over 5,800 programs operating in 194 countries.

CHANGING THE FACE OF MEDICINE
The GE Foundation completed its final funding in 2022 of an 11-year initiative committed to changing the face of medicine. Launched in 2012, the 
National Medical Fellowships Primary Care Leadership Program (PCLP) is an innovative service-learning program. PCLP provides health professional 
students from diverse backgrounds with an opportunity to learn first-hand about the challenges and rewards of primary care practice at community 
health centers (CHC) across the United States. PCLP was conceived as an opportunity to create a rich and immersive experience that would expose 
scholars to both clinical and non-clinical aspects of primary healthcare delivery. PCLP’s mission is to develop a pipeline of future primary care 
professionals from diverse backgrounds who are committed to serving underrepresented communities and to building capacity at partner CHCs. 
Since its inception, the program has received over $11 million in GE Foundation grant funding and supported almost 700 scholars, 93% of whom are 
racially and ethnically diverse, 76% female and 84% choosing to focus their careers in primary care. Thanks to the success of the PCLP program over 
the past decade, National Medical Fellowships has secured funding from other organizations to continue the legacy of building a diverse pipeline of 
leaders in primary care.

Disaster and Humanitarian Relief

Fallen trees and 
other debris from 
Hurricane Ian 
in Florida impacted 
residents’ access to 
emergency services  
(photo credit:  
Team Rubicon).

GE’s Disaster and Humanitarian Relief program responds to major global disasters and humanitarian crises, drawing on GE’s people, technology and 
other resources to reduce suffering and hasten recovery. 

In 2022, the GE Foundation’s philanthropic contribution to disaster relief totaled $1.475 million, which included support for the Ukrainian refugee 
crisis as well as relief work for other disasters and humanitarian crises around the world. For the crisis in Ukraine, the GE Foundation granted 
$400,000 to the International Rescue Committee (IRC). In Ukraine, IRC partnered with local organizations and networks that provided emergency 
assistance to individuals and families internally displaced by the harrowing violence. In Poland, IRC procured medical supplies in order to provide 
basic medical care through local partner teams to deliver urgent medical assistance. They also provided beds, sleeping bags and blankets for 
reception centers for new arrivals, and they offered lifesaving information on rights for new arrivals in key border areas, in city centers and around 
key transit hubs. Additionally, for the Ukraine crisis, the GE Foundation granted Airlink $100,000 to secure logistical support and airlift responders 
and relief shipments to the region. This support included passenger flights for skilled responders, charter flights for airlifting equipment and supplies 
needed for relief efforts, and on-the-ground logistical support.

Other GE Foundation disaster-related grants were primarily focused on climate-related crisis. Grants totaling $600,000 were made for flooding in 
several areas around the world, specifically Brazil (Petropolis), South Africa (KwaZulu-Natal), Pakistan, Nigeria and the United States (Kentucky). Two 
grants totaling $350,000 were given for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico and Florida. Additionally, the GE Foundation granted CARE $25,000 to support 
relief for the devastating economic and food security crisis in Sri Lanka.

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  115    

The GE Foundation Matching  
Gifts Program
The GE Foundation created the concept of a corporate matching gift program in 1954. 
The program supports employees in their personal philanthropy/charitable giving by 
providing a 1:1 match. Today, the GE Foundation Matching Gifts program continues to 
serve as an important element of the GE Foundation’s portfolio, with gifts matched 
totaling over $1.5 billion since inception.

MATCHING GIF TS

$6.2 million

in matching gifts in 2022

GE Giving

(Dollars in millions)

GE Company Contributions via GE Businesses and the GE Foundation

Employee and Retiree Contributions

Total GE “Family” Giving

Total Contributions as a Percentage of GE Revenue

2020

2021

2022

$44.9 

$34.9

$44.2 

$16.8

$9.4

$9.1 

$61.7

$44.3

$53.3 

0.08%

0.06%

0.07%

WHERE YOU CAN FIND 
MORE INFORMATION

2022  
ANNUAL 
REPORT

2022  
SUSTAINABILITY 
REPORT

2023  
NOTICE OF 
ANNUAL MEETING 
AND PROXY 
STATEMENT

2022 Annual Report  
https://www.ge.com/investor-
relations/annual-report

2022 Sustainability Report
https://www.ge.com/sustainability

2023 Proxy Statement 
https://www.ge.com/proxy

GE IS A WORLD-LEADING   
CORPORATION:

Forbes  
World’s Best Employers

Interbrand 
Best Global Brands

LinkedIn  
Top Companies

Boston Business  
Journal
Corporate Citizenship 
Awards

Seal Awards  
SEAL Environmental 
Initiative Award

Newsweek  
America’s Most 
Responsible Companies

E XECUTIVE OFFICES
General Electric Company 
One Financial Center, Suite 3700, Boston, MA 02111 
+1 (617) 443-3000

REGISTERED OFFICE
General Electric Company 
1 River Road, Schenectady, NY 12345

©2023 General Electric Company. 

GE is a trademark of the General Electric Company. LinkedIn, the LinkedIn logo 
and the IN logo are trademarks of LinkedIn Corporation. Other marks used 
throughout are trademarks and service marks of their respective owners.

11 6   |   GE 2022 SUSTAINABILIT Y R E PORT 

GE  2022  S US TAINABILIT Y REPORT  |  117    

General Electric Company 
One Financial Center, Suite 3700 
Boston, MA 02111 
www.ge.com

We build the technology that enables a more sustainable tomorrow.

GE company wide (inclusive of GE HealthCare), customer and partner funded.

The U.S. Department of Energy awarded 5.7 million to GE Vernova to lead a carbon capture technology integration project targeting a 95% reduction of carbon emissions.

The study will serve as a template for lowering carbon emissions for other 7F gas power plants worldwide.

GE Aerospace is the first to test a megawatt class and multi kilovolt hybrid electric propulsion system in altitude conditions that simulate single aisle commercial flight.

It is an important step in GE’s work with NASA and Boeing to develop a hybrid electric propulsion system for flight tests later this decade and for entry into service in the mid 2030s.

GE Vernova provided crucial support to Ukraine during the ongoing war, working with the United States Agency for International Development and Tetra Tech by delivering a GE TM2500 aeroderivative gas turbine.

This mobile gas generator can power over 100,000 Ukrainian homes and can be trucked to a location within weeks.

GE’s 9HA.02 heavy duty gas turbine will power Ostroleka C combined cycle power plant in northeast Poland.

The flexible and efficient natural gas fired plant will enable Poland to increase its power supply security while continuing to phase out coal and expand the deployment of renewable and nuclear energy resources.

GE Digital’s Asset Performance Management Reliability application has been selected by the first independent energy producer in Greece, ELPEDISON S.A., to improve the reliability of its combined cycle fleet.

This makes ELPEDISON the country’s first energy producer to cover an entire combined cycle plant with digital twin technology.

Avio Aero launched a new hybrid electric technology demonstration program, called AMBER, that supports efforts to make air transport more fuel efficient by reducing CO2 emissions.

The program is funded by the Clean Aviation Joint Undertaking, a public private partnership between the European Commission and the European aeronautics industry.

The demonstrator will study integration of hybrid electric components with fuel cells for rig testing in the mid 2020s using Avio Aero’s advanced Catalyst turboprop engine.

As part of CFM International’s Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engines (RISE)2 Program, plans were announced to flight test hydrogen combustion and open fan technologies with Airbus in the mid 2020s.

The CFM International RISE Program will demonstrate and mature a range of new, disruptive technologies for future engines targeting at least 20% lower fuel consumption, which translates to 20% fewer carbon dioxide (CO2) emissions compared to today’s engines.

GE Research, along with GE’s Renewable Energy and Digital businesses, are working with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, LUMA Energy and Sandia National Laboratories to develop and demonstrate an automated power system with sensors, software, distributed solar and storage, and other features that would enable grid operators to rapidly restore electricity following severe weather events.

GE Vernova successfully operated a GE LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine on hydrogen natural gas blended fuel at the Sharm El Sheikh Power Plant during the 27th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP 27).

In less than five months, the project overcame logistical and operational challenges getting hydrogen to the plant and building the infrastructure for hydrogen distribution and blending at the site all with a commitment to safety.

Emirates operated the first demonstration flight in the Middle East using 100% Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) in one of the two GE90 engines powering a Boeing 777 300ER. The flight supported collective industry efforts to help enable a future of 100% SAF flying and help advance the UAE’s sustainability objectives.

Supported by four GE 300 megawatt (MW) pumped storage turbines, a new hydro power plant in Jinzhai is now online and providing 1.2 gigawatt (GW) of power.

The sustainable giant energy storage system will save up to 120,000 tons of coal and reduce 240,000 tons of CO2 emissions every year.

Worldwide, more than 30% of hydro storage plants are equipped with GE technology.

Qantas Airlines, which operates Australia’s largest commercial fleet, announced plans to implement GE Digital’s Airspace Insight solution.

By using this first of its kind tool, which aggregates data from air traffic control (ATC), airlines, airports, airspace designers and communities, Qantas can better understand what is happening in their airspace from both a safety and efficiency perspective.

This report contains forward looking statements that is, statements related to future events that by their nature address matters that are, to different degrees, uncertain.

For details on the uncertainties that may cause our actual future results to be materially different than those expressed in our forward looking statements, see https: www.ge.com investor relations important forward looking statement information, as well as our annual reports on Form 10 K and quarterly reports on Form 10 Q.

We do not undertake to update our forward looking statements.

In this report, we sometimes use information derived from consolidated financial data but not presented in our financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP).

Certain of these data are considered non GAAP financial measures under the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules.

These non GAAP financial measures supplement our GAAP disclosures and should not be considered an alternative to the GAAP measure.

The reasons we use these non GAAP financial measures and the reconciliations to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in our annual reports on Form 10 K, our quarterly reports on Form 10 Q and our earnings releases.

GE’s next generation 3.0 3.4 MW onshore wind turbine, designed specifically for the North America region.

Michael Whalen, Development Assembly Mechanic, GE Aerospace Will Martin, Edison Engineering Development Program, GE Vernova and Alejandra Aragon Gallegos, QA Site Leader, GE HealthCare.

One where we are unleashing our full potential as three independent industry leaders across energy, flight and health.

Our 172,0003 employees served customers in 170 countries to drive decarbonization through the energy transition, create a smarter and more efficient future of flight, and enable precision care.

With a commitment to embedding lean more deeply, and embracing a culture of humility, transparency and focus, we are living our purpose every day of rising to the challenge of building a world that works.

We successfully launched GE HealthCare and are preparing for the separation of GE Vernova, our portfolio of energy businesses, and GE Aerospace sometime early in 2024.

We did this while navigating inflationary pressure, geopolitical conflict and global supply chain challenges.

And in the spirit of kaizen, change to make it better, we accelerated a culture of continuous improvement that ultimately allows us to better serve our customers.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned separation of its healthcare business, launching GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare).

As of December 31, 2022, GE had 123,000 employees excluding GE HealthCare employees who are now part of the standalone company.

It all starts with our unique ability to innovate new technology the world needs to address the most pressing sustainability challenges.

By sharpening our focus on the specific missions of each business, we gain more opportunity for GE Vernova to electrify and decarbonize the world, for GE Aerospace to invent the future of flight and for the newly independent GE HealthCare to create a world where healthcare has no limits.

In launching these three independent public companies, we are advancing our commitment to sustainability and to GE’s more than 130 year legacy of lifting up the quality of life for people around the world.

By sharpening our focus on the specific missions of each business, we gain more opportunity for GE Vernova to electrify and decarbonize the world, for GE Aerospace to invent the future of flight and for the newly independent GE HealthCare to create a world where healthcare has no limits.

Ibrahima Ndiaye is helping to modernize the electrical grid at GE Research’s transformer lab in Niskayuna, New York.

These are important missions that will have a lasting impact on our planet.

We are focused on improving our impact on our people, communities and planet.

Respecting human rights around the world has long been a part of our culture of unyielding integrity and is embedded in our environmental, social and governance priorities.

We know the actions we are taking today within GE Vernova and GE Aerospace support our climate and sustainability goals over the near and long term.

Including GE and its joint venture partners. on those actions, including letters from Scott Strazik and myself addressing sustainability within GE Vernova and GE Aerospace, respectively.

It all starts with our unique ability to innovate new technology the world needs to address the most pressing sustainability challenges.

At GE Vernova, our technology helps generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity and we have a meaningful role to help solve the trilemma of delivering more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy.

We’re working with customers like Kindle Energy in Louisiana to transition to hydrogen as a fuel source for power turbines traditionally powered by natural gas, and with countries like Vietnam to improve the reliability and stability of the electrical grid to support renewable sources of energy.

We’re bringing the world’s only 12 megawatt wind turbine with three years of operating experience the Haliade X to important new projects like the Dogger Bank offshore wind farm off the coast of England.

We’re deploying advanced nuclear technologies like our BWRX 300 small modular reactor, which produces no carbon during operation, in key markets including North America and Europe.

And we’re modernizing electrical grids for clean energy integration, using our GridOS , the world’s first software designed for grid orchestration.

At GE Aerospace, nearly 3 billion people flew with our technology under wing in 20224.

We are continuing our efforts to support use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), which is vital to enabling the aviation industry to meet its decarbonization goals.

We’re also working with NASA and Boeing to mature and fly a megawatt class hybrid electric propulsion system, and announced new flight test programs for open fan and for a hydrogen combustion engine with Airbus.

And our Avio Aero team will lead a European project to test a hybrid electric motor powered by hydrogen fuel cells.

GE HealthCare is already well along its journey, and GE Vernova and GE Aerospace will follow sometime early in 2024.

I am confident that we will achieve our full potential, thanks to our people.

Our teams are motivated by the respective missions of each business, precisely because they are so important to creating a sustainable future for the world.

GE Aerospace's Tatum Ross works on a Passport engine in Evendale, Ohio.

GE Board Member and former U.S. Secretary of Defense Ash Carter sadly passed away last fall.

We miss him every day and again express our deepest sympathies to his wife and family.

Ash once said to me, I like the ethos of GE, and how GE sits on the same side of the table with customers when it comes to technology and efficient production.

We approach our work with our customers as one team with one fight, as Ash would describe it.

That has been true for more than 130 years, and we will carry that ethos into our future.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned separation of its healthcare business, launching GE HealthCare.

As of December 31, 2022, GE had 123,000 employees excluding GE HealthCare employees who are now part of the standalone company.

We are united by a single, urgent purpose to help electrify and decarbonize the planet: because together, we have the energy to change the world.

We invent the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home safely.

As someone who has focused their career on the environment, energy, climate and sustainability for almost 30 years, I’ve never experienced so much consensus from governments, companies and NGOs around one common theme action.

Throughout the year, we’ve seen three key transformations that are helping to solve some of the world’s most pressing sustainability challenges.

And GE’s own transformation is perfectly timed and aligned to ensure success.

First, the relationship between governments and companies is rapidly reconfiguring toward partnership of shared goals.

One key catalyst: the United States’ passage of its first climate change law the Inflation Reduction Act is one of the most impactful energy policies in decades and is bringing the government and companies together to solve for climate change, energy security and supply chain together.

Another is the European Union’s RePowerEU package, which is helping address the energy market disruption caused by Russia’s invasion and promote energy security while accelerating the energy transition.

Importantly, this is not just a U.S. and Europe transformation.

We are rapidly expanding our engagement with governments across the Middle East, South America, Africa and Asia to help build a clean energy supply chain across the communities in which we operate.

The work our GE Vernova team has done together to provide emergency power to Ukraine, documented on page 14, is perhaps the best example of a public private partnership I’ve seen.

At GE Aerospace, we’re working with the European Commission’s Clean Aviation program and the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration’s Continuous Lower Energy, Emissions and Noise (CLEEN) program to innovate jet engine technologies and help decarbonize the aviation industry.

Second, the urgency of electrification and energy security is creating additional incentives to act on climate change.

In the last 12 months, we’ve seen more severe weather events threatening energy reliability, risks from cybersecurity, growing variability from renewable energy and the need to harden the grid so that other sectors can decarbonize through electrification.

All these factors have ignited a sense of urgency of acting today on both power generation and grid modernization.

While doing so within the context of electrification, these investments bring equal benefits to decarbonization and climate change goals.

Thus, we are increasingly seeing action that solves both climate change and the energy trilemma growing access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable electricity for the nearly 775 million people who lack access.

We launched GridOS , the world’s first grid orchestration software, which is designed to enable secure and reliable grid management while delivering the resiliency and flexibility needed by utilities worldwide.

Third, we’ve seen a transformation and increasingly unified global action plan for climate change.

For example, countries like Egypt and the United Arab Emirates (UAE) are now putting their climate commitments front and center in their economic plans.

They are aggressively pursuing climate change investments as ways to advance their economies and inspire a new generation of diverse leaders and workforce.

We were honored to work in Egypt to run a gas turbine on a hydrogen blend for the first time for the African continent in 2022, and we’re prioritizing our partnership with the UAE, which I believe will emerge in 2023 as one of the world’s leaders on innovating technology to decarbonize industrial and energy sectors.

In addition, members of Air Transport Action Group, including GE Aerospace, previously adopted a goal of net zero CO2 emissions by 2050, confirming the aviation industry’s support of the Paris Climate Agreement.

We want to enable the world to be invested both in cleaner and more affordable energy, and the economic benefits with it.

As I reflect on these transformations, I feel fortunate that GE’s most significant transformation is aligning at this pivotal time.

With our announcement in 2021 to launch three companies focused on critical, growing sectors in energy, aerospace and healthcare, we used last year to the fullest preparing each company to independently continue and build upon the legacy of GE’s established ESG program, including our climate commitments and ambitions.

All GE companies operate from the principle that sustainability is a business imperative and a necessary condition for long term growth and success.

That includes GE Vernova and GE Aerospace, which are, respectively, uniquely positioned to lead the energy transition and the future of flight, and GE HealthCare, which successfully completed its separation in January 2023 and will release its own sustainability report detailing and further developing its own ESG strategy and goals.

I am already a witness to how each of our three businesses are more strongly positioned to serve these three critical areas of energy, aviation and healthcare through focus.

And, importantly, I’m confident in their success both for their shareholders as a business and for sustainability in innovating the solutions the world most needs to accelerate action.

One where we are unleashing our full potential as three independent industry leaders.

With a continued commitment to our sustainability priorities and innovation, and technology as our North Star, I am optimistic about the path to improve our impacts on our people, communities and planet.

Throughout our more than 130 year history, GE has held a larger purpose of innovating technology to lift the quality of life for people around the globe a core driver of sustainability.

Sustainability priorities are woven into all that we do, including our business strategy, policies, leadership engagement, operating mechanisms, commitments and, ultimately, our products.

From ensuring more people have access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy, to helping people thrive by staying connected to family, friends and economic opportunities, we are committed to making a substantial impact on people and the planet for the better.

One where we are unleashing our full potential as three independent industry leaders committed to energy, flight and health.

Our mission to succeed in driving decarbonization through the energy transition and creating a smarter and more efficient future of flight is governed by core sustainability priorities built first and foremost on GE’s unique culture of integrity in everything we do.

As the world changes, we continuously adapt and improve our programs to ensure we succeed in these priorities.

In the spirit of humility, we continuously engage with thought leaders and experts in various fields to learn from them and enhance our program.

GE’s strong foundation of integrity and lean oriented culture frame how we make continuous improvements for people, our communities and the planet.

As our 172,0008 diverse employees share a common mission to build a world that works, we are focused together on these priorities.

The following pages highlight how our products and innovative technologies work to build a more sustainable world and how our foundational culture of integrity, forward looking strategy and robust sustainability programs help bring these priorities to life.

The United Nations (UN) Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are an interlinked agenda of 17 objectives to help nations address our most pressing global challenges, from climate change to inequality.

GE continues to play a critical role in advancing sustainability and quality of life.

We have been a signatory to the UN Global Compact since 2008, and we see close alignment between 11 of the 17 SDGs and our business strategy and sustainability priorities.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned separation of its healthcare business, launching GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare).

As of December 31, 2022, GE had 123,000 employees excluding GE HealthCare employees who are now part of the standalone company.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the planned separation of its healthcare business, launching GE HealthCare Technologies Inc. (GE HealthCare).

As an independent company, GE HealthCare embarks on its important mission to create a world where healthcare has no limits.

Across GE, we remain committed to protecting the health and safety of our workforce and those doing work on our behalf across the globe.

Through our global well being program, HealthAhead, we support GE employees and their families in optimizing their health and well being in diverse ways that are reflective of their local cultures.

In recognition of our efforts to make the health and well being of our employees one of our top priorities, we received the 2022 Best Employers: Excellence in Health Well being Award from the Business Group on Health.

We were also one of four employers honored with the Excellence in Global Health Well being Award for demonstrating a commitment to equity reflected in our standard benefits offered to our global workforce.

We have maintained appropriate COVID 19 precautions and procedures throughout the pandemic to ensure the health and safety of our employees.

The GE Foundation’s Safe Surgery 2020 program and its partners continue to make an impact in Africa and Southeast Asia.

Although the 25 million commitment concluded in 2020, the program continues to increase medical oxygen accessibility to patients, supports anesthesia training across East Africa, expands medical tele education and tele mentoring for in service training, and strengthens health facilities through biomedical technician training.

Business and Priority Alignment Safety Lifting Our Communities.

At GE, our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) focus is rooted in the belief that diverse teams and perspectives are essential to building a worlds that works.

By working together, we can foster an inclusive culture that ensures every employee feels accepted, respected and a sense of belonging.

Gender equality is a critical component of GE’s commitment to providing a safe, inclusive and respectful workplace.

We continue to provide benefits that support our gender diverse workforce, including flexible work policies, parental leave and other family benefits.

While we have improved gender pay equity over the past year, our goal remains 100% pay equity in each of our businesses.

Our philanthropic efforts also focus on advancing gender equality by supporting women and underrepresented populations in science, technology, engineering and math (STEM) fields.

GE is honored to be a founding partner of the Society of Women Engineers (SWE) Corporate Partnership Council for 20 years, and several GE senior leaders serve in leadership positions at SWE and on the Women of Color in Engineering Collaborative (WCEC).

Many GE employees mentor new talent or advance their own education and networking through SWE, which also provides scholarship support.

Together, SWE and GE are building a strong pipeline of female talent that will innovate the future with diverse experiences and perspectives.

Similarly, in 2022, GE helped to empower young people by learning about STEM opportunities during two events in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey (MENAT) region.

Each event gave students a first hand look at GE’s technology, sustainability initiatives and STEM careers.

In addition, students worked with GE employees to think through and identify innovative solutions around sustainability related issues and topics.

Events such as these often lead to GE mentoring of students, empowering their passion to work in careers that help people and the planet.

Business and Priority Alignment Advancing Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Lifting Our Communities.

As a company whose technology helps generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, we are committed to decarbonizing the energy sector while increasing access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable electricity.

We are committed to electrification and decarbonization in parallel growing access to electricity, particularly for the nearly 775 million people without access, while decarbonizing the energy, transportation and industrial sectors.

With some of the most innovative onshore and offshore wind turbines, most efficient gas turbines, as well as advanced technology to modernize and digitize electrical grids, GE is uniquely positioned to collaborate internationally in a just transition to a clean energy economy.

As we are helping our customers to decarbonize smartly and efficiently, we are ensuring we become carbon neutral in our own Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions by 2030, en route to net zero by 2050 in our own operations as well as the Scope 3 emissions from the use of our sold products.

As part of GE Vernova’s commitment to helping our customers deliver more affordable and cleaner energy, we’ve invested in the GT26 High Efficiency (HE) Upgrade to provide up to a 2% combined cycle efficiency improvement.

The upgrade lowers the fuel cost per MW and reduces CO2 by 5%, which is equivalent to taking 16,500 cars off the road.

The upgrade also increases the capability of the GT26 to burn up to 40% hydrogen fuel, providing future potential to further reduce the carbon footprint.

Business and Priority Alignment Energy Transition (GE Vernova) Environmental Stewardship.

We believe there is no such thing as sustainable economic growth without decent work.

We treat everyone affected by our businesses and value chain with fairness and dignity.

In addition to strict prohibitions on child, prison and forced labor, we have built strong and lasting relationships with our suppliers to ensure an ethical supply chain.

GE subscribes to all prevailing work laws internationally regarding minimum wages.

GE adopts the Employer Pays Principles and prohibits actions associated with the most common forms of modern slavery.

We enforce compliance on working conditions at our work sites and conduct audits at supplier manufacturing sites through our Supplier Responsibility Governance program.

The decent work of today begins with training for the jobs of tomorrow.

We believe STEM careers, especially in energy and transportation, are helping to solve global challenges like climate change while also lifting up communities through economic opportunities.

That is why GE continues to support educational advancements, mentoring and community assistance for students and communities at home and abroad.

One key example of this support is the Advanced Manufacturing Training Expansion Program (AMTEP).

Launched in 2019 with funding through 2025, the goal of AMTEP is to triple the training footprint by reaching more than 900 high school students and adult learners and building a more diverse, sustainable, ready to work pipeline across Massachusetts’ North Shore.

We are committed to providing high school students and adult learners with the training and resources they need to succeed in STEM careers.

Business and Priority Alignment Energy Transition (GE Vernova) Human Rights Future of Flight (GE Aerospace) Safety.

From the beginning, research has played a critical role in our business strategy.

We continue to develop technologies that have raised the quality of life for people around the world.

Today we are focused on innovating technologies that will propel the global energy transition and future of flight.

For example, GE Research launched a new Technology Incubation team at its Niskayuna, New York, research campus to enhance our green innovation commercialization efforts in the private sector.

The CAGE (Climate Action GE) Lab is developing unique systems for post combustion carbon capture and direct air capture (DAC), which remove carbon from flue gas and the air, respectively.

The goal is to enable an economical, large scale solution for helping customers and companies decarbonize.

Looking to the future of flight, GE Research’s hybrid electric aviation team is partnering with the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy (ARPA E) on three projects to develop the powertrain, power generation system and cabling to enable a carbon neutral hybrid electric propulsion system that is suitable for supporting a 150 200 seat narrow body commercial airplane.

Our innovation doesn’t end with creating breakthrough technologies.

Our programs for redeveloping brownfields, Superfund and other contaminated sites are also creating the infrastructure of tomorrow by helping to turn idle properties into new hubs of economic growth, job creation, needed housing and more.

For example, as part of GE’s former Lighting manufacturing business, we leased a site near Yogyakarta, Indonesia, from the Sambirejo Village Administration for solid waste storage (i.e., broken glass from lamp manufacturing).

Following GE’s exit from the site, we worked closely with regulators and the village to incorporate the construction of a soccer pitch into the final site restoration plans.

Business and Priority Alignment Energy Transition (GE Vernova) Future of Flight (GE Aerospace) Environmental Stewardship.

In 2021, we developed product stewardship and circularity goals to take responsibility for the impacts of our products across their full lifecycle.

Over the last year, new Life Cycle Assessments (LCAs) were conducted and more than 100 personnel in over a dozen different functions assessed the progress of existing circularity and product stewardship initiatives and drafted objectives and roadmaps to further incorporate circularity and stewardship steps into the business strategy.

For example, as part of the ZEBRA (Zero wastE Blade ReseArch) consortium, LM Wind Power produced its first 100% recyclable blade at the Ponferrada plant in Spain in early 2022.

The 62 meter blade was built using a unique thermoplastic resin.

The resin can be readily utilized in other industries as material compounds and can also be depolymerized and reused in the production of new blades.

Business and Priority Alignment Product Stewardship.

GE’s respectful workplace policies are the foundation of our commitment to a diverse workforce and inclusive workplace.

Through our membership with the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment, we also adopted the Employer Pay Principle to remove inequities and help prevent exploitation of vulnerable worker populations.

We believe education is a significant driver of economic inclusion and continue to partner with multiple organizations to provide STEM training and education to diverse communities around the world.

With a focus on increasing the diversity of young people in engineering, the GE Foundation’s Next Engineers program facilitated more than 8,300 student engagements in 2021 and 2022.

The GE Foundation’s Developing Health Globally (DHG) program continues to provide benefits to underserved communities, helping to reduce global health inequalities.

Since its launch in 2004, DHG has invested 145 million to train more than 2,000 healthcare workers in many disciplines, including biomedical technicians across 16 countries.

Business and Priority Alignment Lifting Our Communities Human Rights.

As cities and communities around the world decarbonize, GE's diverse energy offerings help provide utilities, power producers, grid operators and policymakers with the technology and services they need to meet their climate and sustainability goals.

We continue to advance our environmental, health, safety and other sustainability goals in the cities and communities in which our employees and customers live and work, while at the same time providing job opportunities that support community development.

For example, GE Research, along with GE’s Renewable Energy and Digital businesses, are working with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, LUMA Energy and Sandia National Laboratories to develop and demonstrate an automated power system with sensors, software, distributed solar and storage, and other features that would enable communities in Puerto Rico to rapidly restore electricity following severe weather events.

In 2023, GE launched GridOS , the world’s first end to end software portfolio designed to help create the clean energy grid of the future.

The platform and application suite enable secure and reliable grid management while delivering the resiliency and flexibility needed by utilities worldwide.

Business and Priority Alignment Energy Transition (GE Vernova) Environmental Stewardship.

We continue to make progress toward our goal of achieving carbon neutrality within our own operations (i.e., Scope 1 and 2 emissions) by 2030.

Our businesses continue to make operational investments in energy efficiency, reducing emissions from the grid through smart power sourcing and using lean practices to eliminate energy waste.

As of 2022, Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions are down 28% compared to the 2019 baseline.

We are also progressing on our ambition to be net zero by 2050, including for the Scope 3 emissions associated with the use of our sold products.

We continue to provide updates on the path to our net zero ambition across GE Vernova and GE Aerospace.

At the same time, we continue to play an important role globally in helping our customers reach their climate and sustainability goals while working with partners to electrify and decarbonize as part of the global transition to a clean energy economy.

Throughout 2022, we continued to engage in the public domain to advance thought leadership on how the energy sector can achieve climate goals in line with the Paris Climate Agreement (including participating in COP27) and to help formulate and support policies that advance a just transition and sustainability goals globally.

Business and Priority Alignment Energy Transition (GE Vernova) Future of Flight (GE Aerospace) Environmental Stewardship.

We promote respect for fundamental human rights as outlined in our Human Rights Statement of Principles and the principles contained in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.

We released our GE Human Rights Report in 2022 to provide greater transparency into how we run our Human Rights program, from our suite of governance documents to our Supplier Due Diligence program.

Our human rights and respectful workplace policies extend from our own employees to those of our suppliers and to the communities affected by our operations and business relationships.

We treat everyone affected by our business and value chain including employees, suppliers and their workers, customers and communities with fairness and dignity.

We believe access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy helps to strengthen infrastructure and promotes stable prosperous societies.

For example, half of India’s new wind energy generation capacity in 2022 was powered by GE’s locally developed and manufactured 2.7 132 wind turbine that is ideal for India’s low wind speed regime.

A major portion of the additional 900 MW was set up to help industries in their decarbonization journey and has the potential to generate enough electricity to power over 290,000 Indian households.

The 2.7 132 turbine was developed by engineers at our John F. Welch Technology Center in Bengaluru, and is manufactured at GE’s multimodal factory in Pune in western India, with blades being manufactured at LM factories located in the states of Gujarat and Karnataka.

Business and Priority Alignment Human Rights Culture of Integrity.

The scale of our operations, combined with our longstanding partnerships with civil society groups, industry associations and governments around the world, allow us to advance sustainability globally.

We are founding members of the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights and an active member in organizations such as the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment and the UN Global Compact (including the Human Rights and Business Dilemmas Forum).

At COP27 in 2022, GE announced our founding membership in the Corporate Coalition for Innovation Technology toward Net Zero (CCITNZ), which will help countries meet decarbonization and climate change goals through innovation and technology.

We are joined by Bechtel, GM, Honeywell, Invenergy and Johnson Controls in this cross sector business alliance.

Following the adoption by the Air Transport Action Group (ATAG) of net zero emissions by 2050 ambition, the International Civil Aviation Organization, in 2022, adopted a similar long term net zero by 2050 goal.

GE and CFM International9 are funding members with representation on the Board of Directors of ATAG.

GE Aerospace is also a member of the U.S. Aerospace Industries Association, which has a similar commitment for commercial aviation manufacturers to work with airline customers and governments to achieve net zero emissions by 2050.

Business and Priority Alignment Energy Transition (GE Vernova) Future of Flight (GE Aerospace) Human Rights Environmental Stewardship.

This report covers the environmental, social and governance (ESG) activities of GE, primarily for 2022.

In certain places, it also describes how we are propelling GE into a new era as we progress our plans to launch GE Vernova, our portfolio of energy businesses, and GE Aerospace as industry leading, global, investment grade public companies.

This report allows us an opportunity to deepen existing conversations with our stakeholders about our sustainability programs.

In addition to the UN SDGs, we have considered three key sustainability reporting frameworks as we developed this report: (1) the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) framework, (2) industry specific standards from the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) and (3) the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards (Core).

GE’s Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Inventory follows the World Resources Institute World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WRI WBCSD) Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard, Revised Edition (the Protocol).

GE utilizes the Protocol for all definitions, assumptions and calculations discussed in this document unless explicitly stated otherwise, reporting under the operational control approach.

To learn more about our Greenhouse Gas Inventory and Energy Inventory process methodology, see Appendix I in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

As described below on page 51, the GE Board of Directors (Board) exercises oversight and provides direction on GE’s sustainability strategy, and the Governance Public Affairs Committee in coordination with the Audit Committee oversees external reporting on sustainability matters, including this report.

While the contents within this report have not been externally assured, both internal and independent external resources have reviewed the information and data within for quality, completeness and accuracy.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the previously announced separation of its healthcare business into a separate, independent publicly traded company, GE HealthCare Technologies, Inc. (GE HealthCare).

This report covers GE Vernova and GE Aerospace only, except where otherwise noted.

GE HealthCare will be releasing its own 2022 sustainability report.

As an active participant and signatory to the UN Global Compact since 2008, we understand we play a role in helping achieve a better future for all by creating a more sustainable world.

To put this in action, we apply the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights to help frame our program and practices.

Our ESG performance in 2022 and priorities for 2023 and beyond align with the identified UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) to help address the identified societal challenges.

In 2022, we are proud the suite of our key ESG metrics trended in positive directions.

On January 3, 2023, GE completed the previously announced separation of its healthcare business into a separate, independent publicly traded company, GE HealthCare Technologies, Inc. (GE HealthCare).

This report covers GE Vernova and GE Aerospace only, except where otherwise noted.

GE HealthCare is included in this section, the 2022 Key Metrics: Our Performance and Priorities.

Workforce, all employees Total Race Ethnic Minority6 Asian Black African American Hispanic Latinx American Indian Alaskan Native Native Hawaiian Pacific Islander Multiracial Disability (U.S.)7 U.S.

Data representative of GE’s workforce as of December 31, 2022, inclusive of GE HealthCare, extracted January 12, 2023.

System exports show percentages out to several decimal points.

Due to this precision, totals may not sum due to rounding differences.

Professional accounts for all active non production employees, excluding leadership.

Leadership encompasses the most senior 1.5% of all active employees.

Beginning with the 2020 metric year, our supply chain metrics reflect changes and improvements in GE’s Supplier Responsibility Governance (SRG) program.

The number of Total Global Audits is greater than total suppliers reviewed as some suppliers were audited twice (i.e., desktop audit due to COVID 19 restrictions followed by on site visits) or there were return visits to confirm corrective actions were completed.

For more information on GE’s Supplier Responsibility Governance (SRG) program, see pages 105 106.

Findings identified vary from policy improvements to process changes.

GE tracks all issues to closure with verification such issues were properly addressed.

GE will suspend or terminate a relationship should the supplier fail to implement adequate measures as required by the corrective action plan.

Increase from 2021 to 2022 due to minor, unrelated incidents across global operations.

Per the WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol, GE adjusts its 2019 base year GHG and energy data annually to reflect changes in structure or calculation methodology, improvements in accuracy of emission factors or activity data, and discovery of error.

Interim years are not adjusted except upon discovery of significant error.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions may not sum to total due to rounding.

For more details on GE Aerospace’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 44 47, Appendix II in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

For more details on GE Vernova’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 32 35, Appendix II in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

The resolve and courage of the Ukrainian people are an inspiration to the world.

As a GE team, we proudly stand with our employees, our customers and all those impacted by the crisis.

Ukrainian Minister of Energy German Galuschenko (right) with GE Chief Sustainability Officer Roger Martella at the Partnership for Transatlantic Energy and Climate Cooperation.

Aligning with our efforts to assist in maintaining and rebuilding Ukraine’s electric grid, a GE TM2500 aeroderivative gas turbine was shipped to Ukraine from Arizona on a Ukrainian Antonov cargo plane.

The portable turbine was purchased by USAID, the United States government’s humanitarian and foreign aid agency, to help support emergency power needs in the country.

The mobile gas generator can generate enough electricity to power the equivalent of more than 100,000 Ukrainian homes and can be trucked to a location and attached to a damaged power plant, or hooked directly into the electrical grid, within a few weeks.

This effort was made possible by a partnership between Ukraine and the U.S., and GE was fortunate to contribute to this crucial cause.

While the war in Ukraine is first and foremost a humanitarian catastrophe for the people in Ukraine, the Russian invasion has also caused an energy crisis, particularly in Europe.

In May 2022, the European Union introduced the RePowerEU package to help address the energy market disruption caused by Russia’s invasion.

The package is focused on saving energy, diversifying energy supply, accelerating clean energy rollout, and investment and reform measures to achieve independence from Russian fossil fuels by 2027.

GE supported its customers and other European stakeholders on this significant shift.

For example: Our Grid Solutions business unveiled innovative technology at the 2022 CIGRE Biennial Session in Paris, France, to showcase how we are helping address the biggest challenges facing the grid, specifically modernization, decarbonization, digitization and electrification.

GE researchers developed a cutting edge artificial intelligence machine learning tool that could save the global wind industry billions of dollars in logistics costs over the next decade.

Our Gas Power team worked with countries like Germany to evaluate current power market design and associated risks against climate target and energy security objectives.

The GE family has also provided philanthropic support to the people of Ukraine, which includes more than 6 million in medical equipment, humanitarian support and contributions.

Early in the conflict, GE HealthCare donated 4 million in healthcare equipment, including handheld ultrasound devices, mobile X ray units, ventilators and patient monitors.

In November 2022, GE HealthCare announced an additional 1 million donation of life saving ultrasound and monitoring equipment to Ukraine.

Through the GE Foundation, an independent charitable organization funded by GE, we made a 500,000 donation to two organizations to bring immediate and long term support to refugees and relief organizations on the ground, including 400,000 to the International Rescue Committee and 100,000 to Airlink.

Additionally, the GE Foundation’s Matching Gifts program enabled employees to contribute to relief efforts, doubling their support by matching their donations 1 to 1.

As of May 2023, these funds increased our impact by nearly 520,000 including employee donations and matching gifts.

Under an intensive six month Ukraine Refugee Support program, GE offered cost reimbursements and paid time off to employees who opened their homes to refugees and helped provide necessities such as food, medicine and clothing.

Approximately 360 GE employees made use of the program, amounting to more than 300,000 in reimbursements.

GE employees across Europe have come together to establish a network of volunteers and design creative ways to help with the ongoing humanitarian crisis.

They’ve gathered donations of food and hygiene products, supported local charities and even hosted Ukrainian families in their own homes.

For 130 years, people have counted on GE to find out what the world needs and try to invent it, as our founder Thomas Edison famously said.

From the first commercially viable lightbulb to the Haliade X, the first offshore wind turbine certified at 14.7 MW, and the GE9X, the world’s largest and most powerful aircraft engine, GE has pioneered technologies spurring world transforming changes and improving the lives of billions.

One where we are unleashing our full potential as three independent industry leaders committed to innovation and technology as our North Star.

Our employees serve customers and communities in 170 countries and are passionate about solving the world’s most pressing sustainability challenges in energy and flight.

This is the impact of GE every day our people rise to the challenge of building a world that works driving decarbonization through the energy transition and creating a smarter and more efficient future of flight.

The use of composites substantially reduces engine weight and enables higher standards for fuel burn and emissions.

LEDs enable solid state lighting, which uses 85% less electricity than conventional lighting.

The turbine offers industry leading operational flexibility and builds upon the legacy of jet engine technology pioneered at GE Research during the early 20th century.

In 2020, the system’s efficiency benefit at Tampa General Hospital was equivalent to taking 3,900 cars off the road.

CFM LEAP aircraft engine The CFM LEAP1 engine application for single aisle aircraft entered service with the first ceramic matrix composites and 3 D printed parts in the hot section of a commercial aircraft engine.

The engine’s unique design and materials make it 15% more fuel efficient than its predecessor.

In 2021, Haliade X became the industry’s first 14 MW offshore wind turbine.

Designed specifically for North America, it delivers high capacity factor with balance of plant simplicity, improved logistics and reliable, bankable performance.

It will enable hospitals and healthcare systems to effectively deploy the clinical, workflow, analytics and AI tools to support the improvement of efficiency and care delivery.

The platform and application suite enables secure and reliable grid management while delivering the resiliency and flexibility needed by utilities worldwide.

The LEAP engine is a product of CFM International, a 50 50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Electrification and Decarbonization Climate change is an urgent global priority.

At the same time, energy demand is increasing, the importance of energy security is elevated, and nearly 775 million people are without access to reliable power.

As a company whose technology helps generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, we have a responsibility to lead the industry’s decarbonization efforts and help solve the trilemma of delivering more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy.

GE Vernova is committed to building and delivering state of the art technology to help reduce emissions today while investing in breakthrough technologies for a lower carbon future.

Our energy businesses provide powerful, integrated solutions with the most innovative onshore and offshore wind turbines, most efficient gas turbines, as well as advanced technology to modernize and digitize electrical grids.

Beyond delivering technology the world needs today, we are equally focused on the important role of building the breakthrough technologies the world will need in the future, including small modular nuclear reactors, carbon capture, utilization and sequestration (CCUS), and low and zero carbon fuels, such as hydrogen, for new and existing gas plants.

Unless otherwise noted, statistical references to GE Vernova refers to the sum of data and information from GE’s Renewable Energy Power reporting segments, without giving effect to eliminations and corporate adjustments.

On a stand alone basis, GE Vernova will include GE’s portfolio of energy businesses and its Digital business.

TECHNOLOGY SPOTLIGHT The first commercial scale offshore wind installation in the U.S., Vineyard Wind 1, will be powered by GE’s Haliade X turbines, the only 12 MW offshore wind turbine that has been operating for over three years and is helping accelerate offshore wind growth in North America and Europe.

GE’s newest 3.4 MW onshore wind platform offers next generation innovation, ease of installation and reliability to bring more renewable energy to more places.

GE’s state of the art high voltage direct current (HVDC) transmission system will transmit power from the Sofia Offshore Wind Farm, one of the world’s largest offshore wind farm projects, which will generate enough renewable energy to meet the electricity needs of almost 1.2 million average U.K. homes once operational.

GE’s pumped storage solutions represent more than 30% of the world’s pumped storage plants and more than 6,000 MW of projects are under development around the globe to create a path for more sustainable, reliable and cleaner energy generation.

TECHNOLOGY SPOTLIGHT World record setting HA and Aeroderivative turbines are the most efficient gas turbines and key force multiplier to accelerate decarbonization.

Leading Arabelle steam turbines in 53 GW of existing nuclear fleet generate 2% more power output than traditional configuration with 99.96% reliability.

Developing advanced nuclear technology, like the BWRX 300 small modular reactor and Natrium 2, will provide carbon free electricity during operation, dependable base load and flexible capacity helping customers meet energy security and decarbonization goals.

TECHNOLOGY SPOTLIGHT The world’s largest and most powerful aircraft engine, the GE9X, is also the most efficient engine we have ever built on a per pounds of thrust basis.

The culmination of our renewed commercial engine product line, the GE9X is designed to deliver up to 10% greater fuel efficiency than its predecessor, with emissions of nitrogen oxides (NOx) 55% below current regulatory requirements.

The CFM LEAP4 engine for single aisle aircraft features the first ceramic matrix composites (CMCs) and 3 D printed parts in the hot section of a commercial aircraft engine.

The engine’s unique design and materials make it 15% more fuel efficient and produce 15% fewer emissions than its predecessor.

GE9X jet engine on GE Aerospace’s flying test platform.

Future of Flight GE Aerospace is helping define flight for the next generation with industry leading technology to reduce GHG emissions.

Advancements in aerodynamics, engine architecture and materials technology for GE and CFM International5 product lines have resulted in today’s aircraft engines consuming 40% less fuel and emitting 40% less CO2 than engines manufactured in the 1970s and 1980s.

However, we cannot be satisfied with the pace of progress from the past.

We are currently developing the next suite of engine technologies including advanced architectures such as open fan, hybrid electric and electric propulsion concepts, and advanced thermal management concepts that offer the potential to achieve at least a 20% additional improvement in fuel efficiency compared to today’s state of the art, single aisle aircraft engines.

For example, GE Aerospace and Safran unveiled a bold technology development program in June 2021 called the CFM RISE6 (Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engines) Program, which will demonstrate and mature a range of new, disruptive technologies for future engines that could enter service by the mid 2030s.

GE Aerospace is also supporting industry initiatives to approve and adopt 100% Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) and is partnering on a flight demonstration program to test zero carbon hydrogen fuel combustion.

LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

GE’s portfolio of energy businesses, now called GE Vernova, is helping the energy sector solve for the energy trilemma of sustainability, reliability and affordability.

As a company whose technology helps generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, we have a meaningful role to play in the energy transition and a strategic imperative to electrify and decarbonize the world.

In 2023, there is tangible momentum to solve climate change and propel the energy transition forward.

In the United States, the passage of the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) and the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act (IIJA) provides policy support and tax credits designed to accelerate the energy transition and energy security.

As we work to decarbonize the energy sector with urgency, 2022 elevated the importance of energy security with unexpected and painful clarity.

From extreme weather events globally, the Russian invasion of Ukraine and global economic retrenchment, energy security has emerged to join aspects of the energy trilemma as the most critical elements for successful energy ecosystems.

At GE Vernova, we see the goals of decarbonization and electrification as mutually inclusive.

Any progress in advancing the energy transition and combatting climate change must also advance energy security at the same time.

These policy and secular industry tailwinds will unlock a massive ramp of investment and execution, beginning now and increasing in the coming decade of action and GE is uniquely positioned to work with our customers to lead this effort.

GE believes the energy transition will require increased decarbonization and electrification of the power generation sector lowering the carbon intensity of electricity itself as other sectors such as heavy industry, transportation and buildings look to the grid to achieve their decarbonization goals.

Gains in lower carbon power generation from wind, solar, nuclear, sequestered or hydrogen powered gas turbines, hydroelectric power or other sources also rely on proper investment in the grid system to ensure we are locking in progress toward both goals.

This electrification imperative is elevating the importance of investment in the electricity grid system itself, including both hardware and software enhancements, to deal with added stresses and opportunities to manage the variability of more renewable electrons, growing threats to the grid and increasing energy demand worldwide.

GE Vernova is being built as a company to lead the energy transition and is on track to separate from GE sometime in early 2024.

GE Vernova will be guided by its purpose statement the energy to change the world and is on the front lines of combatting climate change.

GE Vernova will lead this effort through a dedicated board of directors, focused investor base and unified R D mission.

As a company, GE Vernova’s businesses will include Power, Wind and Electrification, which will include our Digital business, reflecting the macrotrends present in our industry and our broader conviction that the energy transition will require a diverse suite of technologies and solutions.

Within Power, our focus will be on delivering the reliable, dispatchable and increasingly sustainable electricity the world requires across our Gas Power, Hydro Power, GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy and Steam Power businesses.

These businesses support technologies that provide a sizable percentage of the world’s dispatchable electricity capacity today and will continue to focus on decarbonizing and meeting the rapidly growing demand for electricity expected to double by 2050.

Importantly, these businesses include critical energy transition breakthroughs we must realize, from small modular nuclear reactors and hydrogen fuels, to carbon capture and gas turbine efficiency upgrades.

Retooling and retrofitting thousands of power plants to provide reliable, lower emitting electricity will require years of dedicated effort to extend the lives of these essential assets.

For Wind, our focus will be to restore the financial vitality and stability of this business while meeting the unprecedented growth in demand for onshore and offshore wind turbines over the coming decades.

At GE, we begin with the fundamental principles by leading first with safety and then with quality and we are doing so in Wind particularly as we move into the industry’s ramping growth in the coming years.

Whether working at heights or in our manufacturing settings, safety comes first for our team, our customers and our suppliers as wind energy moves toward greater industrialization, cost discipline and enhanced supply chain rigor to continue to grow stably to meet the climate challenge.

Next, product quality means ensuring these machines run and produce the carbon free megawatts we need for years to come to that end, we announced we’re simplifying and standardizing our onshore wind portfolio into what we call workhorse products, so we and our suppliers can implement more repeatable manufacturing processes, and thereby enhance overall product quality and reduce cost.

To grow, we must ensure the long term stability of the ecosystem of wind energy and position ourselves to deliver these crucial technologies at the massive scale that will be required.

Electrification is often understated as a keystone of the energy transition without massive investment in both the hardware and software infrastructure of the grid system, the necessary changes to generation will not be possible.

At GE Vernova, our Electrification business will be focused on bringing together the innovations of the latest software to manage, monitor and improve the grid.

As industries turn to electrification as a decarbonizing element, we must ensure the grid can reliably meet this added stress with enhanced resilience.

For Digital, we deliver the platforms and intelligent applications necessary to accelerate electrification and decarbonization across the energy system from where power is created, to how it is orchestrated, to how it is consumed.

More than 20,000 customers around the globe in industries such as energy, manufacturing and aviation use our software to help plan, manage and optimize operations today for a more sustainable tomorrow.

Our efforts this year and through the planned spin off as an independent company in 2024 will set up this energy transition leader to operate from a position of strength and deliver for our customers and communities.

Our sustainability vision is to power the transition to a low carbon, resilient and fairer world.

We believe our own carbon intensity, including efforts to reduce our Scope 1, 2 and 3 emissions, will be a core key performance indicator of our own success as a business.

We pursue these efforts not because we are compelled to, but because we must.

We believe the electrification and decarbonization of the world is a noble cause.

We must slow and ultimately reverse the effects of climate change.

We think this is one of the world’s greatest challenges and, with it, one of the world’s greatest investment opportunities.

To GE Vernova’s customers, employees and stakeholders, we appreciate your support and full engagement in this generational challenge and opportunity.

Our Technologies Today As a company whose equipment helps generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, we take seriously our role to lead the industry’s decarbonization progress and help solve the trilemma of delivering more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy.

Our energy businesses provide powerful, integrated solutions with some of the most innovative onshore and offshore wind and hydropower turbines, most efficient gas turbines, as well as advanced technology to modernize and digitize electrical grids.

We strongly support the Paris Agreement commitments and other ambitious targets to reduce energy sector emissions.

We are making progress to become carbon neutral in our own operations by 2030 (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and we set a further ambition for GE to be a net zero company by 2050 for the Scope 3 emissions from the use of sold products.

For more information on the steps we are taking, see pages 86 88.

GE’s products and services are crucial to helping the world decarbonize.

As utilities, power producers, grid operators and policymakers around the world set their own decarbonization goals for the power sector, GE’s diverse offerings will help them achieve their targets.

We offer one of the broadest renewable energy portfolios in the industry and help grow capacity as rapidly as possible by continuing to bring down the cost of onshore and offshore wind energy and leveraging our offerings in battery storage and hydropower.

Accelerating emissions reductions with state of the art gas turbines.

We look to the most efficient gas turbine technology with strong methane controls on upstream development as providing a solid foundation that becomes a force multiplier for building a renewable energy infrastructure and a destination technology for certain markets in the energy transition.

With innovative digital solutions and technology upgrades, we are increasing carbon free output while reducing costs.

Modernizing, decarbonizing and digitizing the grid.

We are modernizing the physical grid to enable the integration of more renewable energy, while meeting increased demand.

We are also reinforcing the network to withstand the growing threat of more severe weather and cyber risks.

Our software is also essential to building a modern and clean energy grid.

For example, GridOS the world’s first grid software portfolio designed for grid orchestration integrates energy data, network modeling and AI driven analytics together across the grid to power a suite of composable applications that enable secure and reliable orchestration of electrons from generation through consumption.

GE is working with customers and partners to innovate a wide range of breakthrough technologies for a lower carbon future, including hydrogen as a fuel, carbon capture and sequestration systems, and small modular nuclear reactors to accelerate the energy transition.

Our Ambition to Achieve Deep Decarbonization While Strengthening Power.

We Can Succeed with These Mutually Achievable Goals.

Accelerating renewables to the fullest, fastest extent.

Utilizing gas with methane controls as a force multiplier for renewables.

Innovating hydrogen and carbon capture to decarbonize gas.

Developing small modular reactor and other breakthrough technologies.

GE’s energy businesses work together toward meeting the world’s energy demand with less carbon intensity over time.

Power includes Gas Power, Hydro Power, Nuclear and Steam Power.

Gas Power is engineering advanced, efficient natural gas powered technologies and services, along with decarbonization solutions that will help electrify a lower carbon future.

Hydro Power offers advanced technologies that harness the power of water to deliver reliable power to the world’s largest economies and remote communities.

Nuclear is one of the world’s leading providers of advanced reactor technology, fuel and nuclear services.

Steam Power is delivering a broad portfolio of technologies and services that help nuclear, industrial and coal power plants deliver reliable power as they transition to a lower carbon future.

Wind includes Offshore Wind, Onshore Wind and Wind Turbine Blades.

Offshore Wind is one of the world’s leading offshore wind energy and services provider, with proven performance up to 14MW.

Onshore Wind is harnessing onshore wind energy potential with a comprehensive family of smart, modular turbines that are uniquely suited for a variety of wind environments.

Through LM Wind Power, Wind Turbine Blades is an industry leading designer and manufacturer of advanced, high quality, reliable rotor blades for onshore and offshore wind turbines with a global manufacturing footprint and blade services solutions.

Electrification includes Grid Solutions, Power Conversion and Solar Storage Solutions.

Grid Solutions is a global provider to power utilities and industries for the critical equipment, systems and services they need to bring power reliably and efficiently from the point of generation to the point of consumption.

Power Conversion is applying the science and systems of power conversion to help drive the electric transformation of the world’s energy infrastructure.

Solar Storage Solutions is integrating innovative technologies in renewable generation and energy storage to deliver flexible, reliable and intelligent solutions to enable the energy transition.

Digital is enabling the digital transformation with software that accelerates grid modernization and decarbonization across the energy ecosystem from where power is created to where it is consumed.

GE Vernova’s portable aeroderivative gas turbines offer a range of possibilities to address growing energy security needs and risks to grid reliability.

They can run on natural gas or diesel, as well as Sustainable Aviation Fuel blends.

Six GE Vernova LM2500XPRESS aeroderivative gas turbines are expected to provide nearly 200 MW of fast emergency power to the Electricity Supply Board’s existing North Wall Power Plant in Dublin, Ireland.

The temporary reserve power plant will provide backup power for the next three years’ winter seasons (2023 2026).

As part of GE Vernova’s commitment to helping our customers deliver more affordable and cleaner energy, we’ve invested in the GT26 High Efficiency (HE) Upgrade to provide up to a 2% combined cycle efficiency improvement.

The upgrade lowers the fuel cost per MW and reduces CO2 by 5%, which is equivalent to taking 16,500 cars off the road.

The upgrade also increases the capability of the GT26 to burn up to 40% hydrogen fuel, providing future potential to further reduce the carbon footprint.

Powered by two new GE Vernova 7HA.02 gas turbines and two GE Vernova H65 generators, Tampa Electric Company (TECO) completed the first phase of its coal to gas modernization strategy at the Big Bend Power station in Florida.

By replacing existing 50 year old, coal fired units at the 1,090 MW power plant and switching to natural gas, Big Bend Power Station’s CO2 emissions will be reduced by 67% per MWh of electricity generated, and lower emissions levels for other pollutants such as mercury, nitrogen oxides, sulfur oxides and particulate matter.

The 1,260 MW Dania Beach Clean Energy Center is powered by two of GE Vernova’s 7HA.03 gas turbines, the largest, most efficient and flexible 60 hertz gas turbine currently in operation globally.

Dania Beach Clean Energy Center replaced an aging power plant and now produces the equivalent electricity needed to power 250,000 South Florida homes with around the clock power, reducing emissions by 70% compared to the previous plant, and helping enable Florida Power Light Company (FPL) to continue America’s largest solar expansion.

GE Vernova has invested more than 400 million to develop its offshore wind turbine.

Our Haliade X prototype in the Netherlands has been operating for over three years and is the first turbine to receive a full type certificate at 14.7 MW.

The ability to produce more power from a single turbine means fewer turbines need to be installed at each wind farm.

The Haliade X 14 MW will make its commercial debut at the Dogger Bank C offshore wind farm, more than 130 kilometers off the northeast coast of England.

The Haliade X is also the only 12 MW offshore wind turbine that has been operating for over three years, giving us tangible experience operating the turbine in different conditions at different output levels.

In December 2022, we signed a strategic partnership agreement with Hyundai Electric to work together to serve the South Korean offshore wind market.

Under the terms of the agreement, Hyundai Electric will serve as a manufacturing associate to help localize assembly of the Haliade X offshore wind turbines and generators in South Korea.

The agreement will enhance our ability to serve local customers, create significant local economic benefits, and establish a local supply chain ideally suited to serve the growing offshore wind market in South Korea and potentially beyond in the Asia Pacific region (APAC).

GE Vernova’s newest onshore wind turbine was introduced in 2022.

Designed specifically for the North America region, the 3.4 MW turbine is based on GE Vernova’s bestselling 2 MW platform, which recently surpassed 30 GW of installed base globally.

Offering next generation innovation, the turbine brings continued reliability and utilizes GE Vernova’s revolutionary two piece blade, designed to improve logistics and installation.

From siting to execution to operations, this turbine is designed to offer customers continued quality and stability, helping them capture even more wind energy while also improving wind farm economics.

GE Vernova’s Grid Solutions business and BOND Civil Utility Construction have been awarded a contract from Empire Offshore Wind, a joint venture between Equinor and bp, to supply a state of the art digital onshore substation and high voltage electrical systems for the offshore substation for Empire Wind 1, one of New York’s first offshore wind farm projects.

Once operational, the wind farm will power more than 500,000 New York homes.

GE Vernova’s Static Synchronous Compensator (STATCOM) technology will improve grid stability in Germany following an order from transmission system operator, 50Hertz Transmission GmbH, for one of their substations in Bad Lauchst dt.

This technology provides grid operators with reactive power compensation and an improved range of operational voltage, reducing the risk of grid disruptions.

GE Vernova’s Grid Solutions and Power Conversion businesses will supply technology to energy technology company Baker Hughes for Venture Global’s Plaquemines liquefied natural gas (LNG) export facility.

GE Vernova’s technology will power the overall liquefaction system Baker Hughes is providing for the Plaquemines export facility, Venture Global’s second project to bring U.S. LNG to the global market.

For Tampa Electric Company (TECO) to achieve its emissions reductions goals by 2025, solar is going to need to play a major role.

The utility serves a region without resources like wind or nuclear energy, making solar the primary energy resource for achieving lower emissions in the future.

The Asset Performance Management (APM) software from GE Vernova’s Digital business provides TECO with data on the status of all their solar plants.

It also allows TECO to prepare for weather events that may impact solar generation, like cold fronts and cloud cover.

In addition, APM helps inform facility maintenance timetables and equipment availability across the utility’s fleet of utility scale solar plants, resulting in less uncertainty and more reliability.

The leading digital energy company in Sorgenia, Italy, uses our Asset Performance Management Reliability application deployed in the cloud to maximize the reliability and efficiency of its state of the art, combined cycle gas turbine power plants.

According to the company, the software has given them insights to better plan maintenance around annual outages, specifically at their Termoli and Modugno plants.

Doing so allows them to avoid unnecessary downtime on critical assets such as heat recover steam generators or condensers, which in turn allows them to operate at higher efficiency and satisfy their more than 450,000 customers’ need for electricity.

Our Digital business signed a multiyear strategic collaboration agreement with Amazon Web Services, Inc. (AWS) aimed at helping utilities accelerate grid modernization.

Through this collaboration, we plan to deliver intelligent grid orchestration solutions to help utilities digitally transform, modernize the power grid and accelerate the energy transition.

With GridOS , our new grid operating software portfolio, we are working with AWS to enable cloud solutions designed to be secure, quick to deploy, and reduce operational and infrastructure costs for energy organizations.

New Zealand based Vector Limited has successfully deployed our Advanced Distribution Management Solution (ADMS) on Amazon Web Services Outposts.

In 2022, we introduced a new three part video series on the role hydropower plays in the energy transition called Driving the Future.

For a look at what we are already doing with hydropower, renowned Swiss adventurer and clean energy advocate, Bertrand Piccard, teams with science journalist, Sam Pauly, to set out on an epic 1,000 kilometer journey across Switzerland.

The duo travel the whole way using only electric vehicles and visit several of the hydropower plants that produce the country’s green electricity.

This isn’t simply a story about zero carbon vehicles and hydropower it’s about reimagining the way we live, travel and consume, applying existing technology and accelerating the energy transition so we can overcome humanity’s greatest challenge.

Bertrand and Sam’s Swiss adventure proves the potential of this approach.

Achieving 2050 net zero goals cannot be done without simultaneous electrification and decarbonization.

For example, zero carbon emitting electric vehicles and heat pumps can have a reduced impact if they are powered by fossil fuel electricity sources.

To accelerate progress, we must lead by bringing more renewable energy generation sources online as fast and as feasible as possible.

Beginning in 2006, GE Energy Financial Services (EFS), GE’s energy investment franchise, was at the forefront of growing a very nascent wind industry and built a track record of investing more than 19 billion in renewable energy projects globally.

EFS is a leading tax equity investor in U.S. wind power with a portfolio today of over 1 billion, including 2022 investments that are estimated to generate over 5.7 million MWh8 of carbon free electricity.

It is through activity like this that the wind industry collectively grows, expands and evolves.

Each carbon free MWh generated by our investments helps create a cleaner electrical grid to be used by and for the benefit of all people.

EFS has been and continues to be focused on this shared customer goal through its investment activity supporting the development, construction and operation of wind power generation projects.

The passage of the Inflation Reduction Act is expected to result in an imbalance in supply and demand for tax equity, which we view as a barrier to growing the renewable energy industry and accelerating decarbonization efforts.

EFS is working to bridge the financing gap for customers through direct investments, strategic partnerships and relationships that enable the financing and successful commercialization of renewable energy projects.

GE’s power systems experts work with our customers to help solve some of the world’s toughest technical and economic problems, enabling technology integration and shaping the energy transition.

With our cross company resources, GE Energy Consulting is able to serve a diverse global client base with a strong local presence.

From decarbonization planning and renewable technology integration, to energy investments and grid stability studies, our dedicated team of resources from across GE Vernova dive into the current and future challenges of our energy infrastructure, the implications of renewable penetration and the latest energy supply and delivery technologies.

One recent example is the Small Clean Power Plant Adaptation Study for the New York Power Authority (NYPA).

GE Energy Consulting and the Energy and Environmental Economics, Inc. (E3) examined the potential for battery storage development at NYPA’s Small Clean Power Plant (SCPP) sites.

The analysis builds off a growing body of literature that has examined opportunities to replace peaker plants with battery storage and detailed a first of its kind approach to examining storage replacement opportunities over time as New York makes progress towards achieving the state’s Climate Act requirements.

One of the most dynamic and informative conversations taking place on climate change technology is GE’s Cutting Carbon podcast where co hosts Dr. Jeffrey Goldmeer and Brian Gutknecht talk through the factors at play today as well as the journey ahead.

The award winning podcast sits on the iHeartRadio’s list of top podcasts in the climate category and has reached nearly 100,000 downloads since its inception.

In 2020, we launched the podcast with our first four seasons focusing on climate change and the basics of decarbonization9, the pathways to decarbonize gas, complementary technologies contributing to the energy transition and how regions around the world are driving decarbonization.

In December 2022, we launched season six to dive deeper into the energy transition landscape, examining the critical role infrastructure plays in supporting and sustaining innovative technologies.

Over the course of the season, the team talked through Independent System Operators (ISOs) being the air traffic controllers of the power generation world, took a look back to move forward with lessons learned over the years from the digital grid, explored the world’s largest source of energy storage with pumped hydro, learned how captured carbon makes its way to a storable location, recognized the important role water plays in our energy systems, and tied it all together by examining the relationship between government policy and the energy industry.

Innovating Breakthrough Technologies GE Vernova has one of the most important roles to play in delivering the technology the world needs to make progress today to reduce greenhouse gas emissions while simultaneously innovating breakthrough technologies to succeed in the energy transition.

The achievement of deep decarbonization goals over the coming decades is likely to depend in part on technologies which are still being developed and have yet to be deployed or widely adopted.

Together with our partners, we are working on hydrogen as a fuel, carbon capture and sequestration, superconducting generators for wind turbines with no rare earth materials, advanced nuclear power and additive manufacturing.

GE’s history of innovation has prepared us to support the global energy transition in ways that are as equitable as they are efficient.

GE Vernova is investing today in innovation to decarbonize gas turbines in the future.

Decarbonizing a gas turbine requires the supply of a low carbon fuel (e.g., hydrogen) and or the capturing of carbon from the exhaust for transport offsite.

GE Vernova is investing in both decarbonization pathways to ensure we have multiple solutions for our customers and the world to fulfill carbon reduction commitments.

Our HA turbines can already work with up to 50% hydrogen natural gas mix.

We have more than 120 gas turbines worldwide using hydrogen blends for power generation with about 8.5 million operating hours in aggregate.

Work is underway to extend the capability to 100% hydrogen in these machines by the end of the decade.

There is significant and growing interest in hydrogen as a substitute for fossil fuels, driven by decarbonization goals.

In 2022, we were awarded multiple funding grants from the U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) to accelerate the path towards 100% hydrogen combustion in gas turbines.

In May 2022, we were awarded two projects totaling more than 12 million to develop and test key components required for high hydrogen combustion.

In July 2022, DOE’s Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy (ARPA E) recognized the value of developing alternative methods to boost the efficiency of gas turbines powered by fuel blends with high percentage of hydrogen by awarding GE 4.2 million.

In October 2022, we were awarded 6.6 million to develop breakthrough technologies to help achieve 100% hydrogen combustion in GE Vernova’s F Class gas turbines.

Renewable energy, such as low cost wind power, will play a major role in the supply of green hydrogen which could ultimately rival renewable energy demand for power applications.

In addition, GE Vernova is in close collaboration with multiple strategic partners on the development and execution of a gas turbine carbon capture and sequestration system.

GE Vernova is currently working on multiple studies to optimize the integration of these existing technologies focusing on affordability, reliability and flexibility, and a small footprint to deliver this critical technology to the market.

With global liquefied natural gas (LNG) demand projected to almost double by 2040, GE Vernova’s Gas Power business is collaborating with Shell Global Solutions to develop potential lower carbon solutions aiming to reduce the carbon intensity of Shell’s LNG projects around the world.

Together, we will work to accelerate the deployment of pragmatic and impactful solutions towards high hydrogen capabilities in Shell’s gas turbine fleet resulting in a significant reduction of carbon emissions and water utilization globally.

Following the successful commercial operation launch of Dania Beach Energy Center, Kindle Energy, LLC, has ordered GE Vernova’s 7HA.03 combined cycle gas turbine to equip its Magnolia plant in Louisiana.

This turbine will be initially fueled by natural gas, with capabilities to use up to 50% hydrogen as it becomes more available in the area.

Upon completion, the Magnolia plant is expected to be the most efficient plant in the Midcontinent Independent System Operator (MISO) South system.

In 2022, our Gas Power business signed various memoranda of understanding (MoUs) with leading utilities and organizations across the world to develop and lead a carbon capture roadmap.

Our Gas Power business and Korea’s leading engineering, procurement and construction (EPC) company, DL E C Co. Ltd. and its subsidiary, CARBONCO, a company specialized in decarbonization, agreed to jointly explore a roadmap for carbon capture technology integration with natural gas combined cycle plants in Asia and Oceania, powered by GE Vernova’s technology.

QatarEnergy and our Gas Power business will collaborate on developing a carbon capture roadmap for the energy sector in Qatar.

The focus of the MoU is to explore the feasibility of developing a world scale carbon hub at Ras Laffan Industrial City, which as of today, is home to more than 80 GE gas turbines.

Nuclear power is critical to decarbonizing the energy sector and achieving the net zero carbon emission goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

We are investing in advanced nuclear technologies like GE Hitachi’s BWRX 300 small modular reactor (SMR) and Natrium to provide carbon free, flexible, dispatchable electricity during generation.

The BWRX 300 SMR is a key pillar of GE Vernova’s energy transition leadership.

The BWRX 300 produces no carbon during operation and has been designed to achieve construction and operating costs that are substantially lower than traditional nuclear power generation technologies.

Moreover, the BWRX 300 is 10% the size and complexity of a large nuclear project, offering a smaller physical footprint and ability to be sited in more locations.

The BWRX 300 can be constructed in 24 36 months utilizing modular and open top construction techniques proven in Japan.

A single SMR has the capability to power approximately 300,000 U.S. homes with a power plant footprint that’s smaller than the size of a U.S. football field.

Initial deployments are planned in Canada, with construction that could be completed in late 2028, and in Poland in the early 2030s.

GE Hitachi has memoranda of understanding or other agreements in place with companies in Canada, Czech Republic, Estonia, Poland, U.K., U.S. and Sweden.

In partnership with TerraPower, GE Hitachi is also developing Natrium , a cost competitive, sodium fast reactor coupled with a molten salt based integrated energy storage system.

This innovative addition allows a Natrium plant to integrate seamlessly with renewable resources and could lead to faster, more cost effective decarbonization of electricity generation.

Kemmerer, Wyoming, was selected as the preferred site for the Natrium reactor demonstration project.

GE Hitachi joined three key customers Tennessee Valley Authority, Ontario Power Generation and Synthos Green Energy to announce an unprecedented public private partnership to advance the global deployment of its BWRX 300 small modular reactor.

GE Hitachi is committed to standard design development and anticipates a total investment of around 400 million associated with the development.

As part of the ZEBRA (Zero wastE Blade ReseArch) consortium, LM Wind Power produced its first 100% recyclable blade at the Ponferrada, Spain, plant in early 2022.

The 62 meter blade was built using a unique thermoplastic resin, creating high value for the end of life thermoplastic composite blade material.

It can be readily utilized in other industries as material compounds, and can also be depolymerized and the resin reused in the production of new blades.

The prototype also passed tests at LM Wind Power’s in house facilities in Denmark.

National Grid Electricity System Operator (ESO) has deployed GE Digital’s ground breaking Metering Forecasting solution in production across Great Britain’s electricity network.

Inertia is a critical factor as it keeps a grid running when a generator suddenly disconnects, buying time for other generators to ramp up.

Since inertia can be expensive and carbon intensive, operators need to be confident they’ve got enough while considering the cost to billpayers and emissions.

Our Digital business’ machine learning based Inertia Forecasting informs short term operational decisions and long term investment assessments.

Our pioneering underwater inspection technology achieves results comparable to dry visual inspection without confined space work and dewatering.

The remotely operated vehicle (ROV) deploys sensors to previously inaccessible areas.

Experts review the information in real time to ensure proper inspection of all critical surfaces.

This technology requires less risk for employees, less resources to deploy and less downtime for inspections.

The following activities occurred during the 27th Conference of the Partners to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, also known as COP27, in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt.

GE Vernova’s Gas Power business successfully operated a GE LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine on hydrogen natural gas blended fuel at the Sharm El Sheikh Power Plant during COP27.

In less than five months, the project overcame logistical and operational challenges getting hydrogen to the plant and building the infrastructure for hydrogen distribution and blending at the site all with a commitment to safety.

GE Vernova signed an MoU with Egyptian Natural Gas Holding Company (EGAS) and Seasplit Technologies for the industrial decarbonization of the Gulf of Suez.

The three organizations plan to evaluate the technical and economic feasibility of developing 1.5 gigawatts (GW) of offshore wind power in the Gulf of Suez and intend to explore how strategic companies in Egypt’s petroleum sector can participate in the project’s delivery.

Our Global Impact on the Energy Transition GE Vernova believes that access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy is essential for all people globally.

As the demand for energy grows and the importance of energy security is elevated, GE is committed to pursuing technological innovations to support decarbonization and increased reliability and accessibility.

Over time, the carbon emissions per unit of power provided from our power generation portfolio has decreased.

We are also actively working with governments to help countries achieve their climate goals, which we do through a combination of renewable and gas based projects.

Through this experience, we know there is no one size fits all solution for the world.

Here are some of the ways we are driving decarbonization around the globe through solutions tailored for diverse environments.

Emirates Global Aluminium (EGA), the largest industrial company in the United Arab Emirates (UAE) outside oil and gas, and our Gas Power business signed an agreement to upgrade four existing 9F gas turbines at EGA’s Al Taweelah power plant, reducing greenhouse gas emissions intensity and contributing to the achievement of the UAE’s Net Zero by 2050 Strategic Initiative.

In early 2022, our Digital business joined forces with other energy transition leaders Baker Hughes, Bechtel, Enppi, HSBC, the National Bank of Egypt and Petrojet to support Egypt’s decarbonization initiatives, specifically decarbonization of select The operating downstream facilities in the country.

Learn more Bechtel led Coalition for Decarbonization announced at COP27 in November that it had been awarded a feasibility study contract by Egyptian LNG.

The study will assess implementation of a zero flaring system at the Egyptian LNG export terminal in Idku and aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and optimize fuel consumption.

GE Hitachi Nuclear Energy has partnered with Ontario Power Generation (OPG) to construct North America’s first small modular reactor at the utility’s Darlington New Nuclear Project site.

Construction of a BWRX 300 small modular reactor will help OPG meet Ontario’s growing energy needs as electrification and a growing economy drive demand.

LM Wind Power’s Gaspe facility in Canada rolled out its 13,000th wind turbine blade in May 2022.

These blades, generating over 9,000 MW, will help save nearly 23 million tons of CO2 emissions from being released into the environment.

GE’s footprint in the U.K. consists of 40,000 MW of power and we are uniquely positioned to support the country’s net zero Ten Point Plan.

Our Gas Power business and Technip Energies completed a front end engineering design (FEED) study for a first of a kind large amine based, post combustion carbon capture at scale solution to integrate with a proposed H Class natural gas fired power plant at the Net Zero Teesside (NZT) Power project and the Northern Endurance Partnership’s (NEP) carbon compression infrastructure in Teesside, England.

GE is supporting Brazil’s energy transition and our technology helps generate approximately 30% of the energy produced in the country. 274 MW are produced by our onshore wind turbines.

Over the past two years, GE has installed 1.1 GW of wind power in Spain and has a total installed base of nearly 5 GW across the country.

LM Wind Power joined a consortium of companies, including GE Vernova’s Wind business, developing a blade recycling project in Spain.

The company will supply surplus fiberglass generated during blade manufacturing at its Ponferrada and Castell n facilities so it can be recycled, consistent with its vision of producing zero waste blades by 2030.

GE Vernova’s Wind business signed a long term Power Purchase Agreement (PPA) with Forestalia to purchase electricity from the El Coto wind farm, which will generate enough power to support more than 60% of its operations in Europe.

The 12 year PPA will reduce our emissions by 13,000 tCO2e annually.

The wind farm will begin operation in summer 2023.

We also signed an agreement with Alfanar to supply and install 15 wind turbines at a cluster of wind farms located in the Navarre region of Spain.

Upon completion in 2023, our 3.X 4.0 MW turbines with 137 meter rotors will provide 53 MW of clean and affordable energy to the region.

Half of India’s new wind energy generation capacity in 2022 was powered by GE’s locally developed and manufactured 2.7 132 wind turbine that is ideal for India’s low wind speed regime.

A major portion of the additional 900 MW was set up to help industries in their decarbonization journey and has the potential to generate enough electricity to power over 290,000 Indian households.

The 2.7 132 turbine was developed by engineers at our John F. Welch Technology Center in Bengaluru, and is manufactured at GE’s multi modal factory in Pune in western India, with blades being manufactured at LM factories located in the states of Gujarat and Karnataka.

LM Wind Power secured a PPA to source nearly 50% of the electrical energy required for its plant in Vadodara, India, from a hybrid solar and wind system.

The agreement is for a 15 year period and will save nearly 13% of the total energy cost annually.

In June 2022, GE Energy Financial Services closed the acquisition of a 49% stake in Continuum’s 148.5 MW Morjar onshore wind project in Gujarat, India.

In September 2022, our Wind business announced orders from Continuum Green Energy Limited to supply, install and commission 81 units of its 2.7 132 onshore wind turbines for the 218.70 MW wind power projects across Tamil Nadu and Madhya Pradesh, India.

GE Vernova’s 7HA.02 gas turbine will power Eneva’s new Azul o reserve power plant, delivering up to 350 MW of reliable reserve power to help stabilize the grid and support renewable growth in Brazil.

Our Collaborations GE has a long history of working collaboratively across the energy industry to achieve real and long standing positive outcomes for our customers, the industries we serve and our planet.

We are prioritizing partnerships across all our stakeholders customers, investors, governments, NGOs and our competitors to ensure the necessary progress is accomplished for sustainability across the energy ecosystem.

GE Vernova commenced its hydrogen plant readiness assessment of Grain power station in Kent, England, the newest combined cycle gas turbine (CCGT) power station in Uniper’s U.K. portfolio.

The project explores solutions to enable operations using blends of natural gas and hydrogen, with hydrogen accounting for up to 40% of volume, targeting the decarbonization of Grain’s 1,365 MW gas fired power plant with GE Vernova technology in the next decade.

This effort will play a part in helping the U.K. reach its target of achieving net zero GHG emissions by 2050.

As one of the largest global players in offshore wind, the U.K. is building the world’s largest offshore wind farm in three phases Dogger Bank A, B and C more than 130 kilometers off the northeast coast of England.

GE Vernova will provide 190 Haliade X 13 MW turbines for Dogger Bank A and B, and 87 Haliade X 14 MW turbines for Dogger Bank C. When complete, the wind farm will be capable of producing 3.6 GW of electricity, enough to power 6 million homes.

GE Vernova’s Hydro Solutions and Grid Solutions businesses have jointly signed a contract to technologically upgrade the Itaipu hydropower plant in Brazil and Paraguay, the second largest in the world with an installed capacity of 14 GW, located on the Paran River between the two countries.

The upgrade includes equipment and systems of all 20 power generating units as well as the improvement of the hydropower plant’s measurement, protection, control, regulation and monitoring systems.

In total, Itaipu Binacional covers an average 8.4% of Brazilian and 85.6% of Paraguayan Binacional electricity consumption.

In February 2022, GE Vernova’s Gas Power business joined the Appalachian Energy Future alliance along with EQT Corporation, Equinor, Marathon Petroleum (including its affiliate MPLX), Mitsubishi Power, Shell Polymers and U. S. Steel that will play an important leadership role in decarbonizing the industrial base in the Northern Appalachian Region of the United States.

In 2022, GE, Google, ClearPath, Breakthrough Energy and the Zero Carbon Technology Consortium, aligned with the E ffiliates partnership program at Princeton’s Andlinger Center for Energy and the Environment, formed a new coalition to support ongoing research such as long duration energy storage, flexible geothermal energy systems, carbon capture and sequestration, and commercial fusion power plants.

To strengthen its ability to drive sustainable progress across its supply chain, LM Wind Power partnered with EcoVadis, a leading global company in business sustainability ratings and performance, to conduct individual sustainability performance assessments of its supply chain.

LM Wind Power is a member of the DecomBlades consortium in Denmark, which brings together leading players in the wind industry, recycling companies and universities to commercialize viable blade recycling solutions.

GE is a member of the GridWise Alliance, which represents the broad and diverse stakeholders that design, build and operate the electric grid in the United States and educate key industry stakeholders on the critical need to modernize the national electricity system.

GE Vernova’s Digital business is partnering with Climavision, a pioneering weather tech company, to help utility customers better predict where severe weather will stress the grid and cause outages to critical infrastructure so they can aid storm readiness and response.

GE Vernova’s11 Actions Toward Its 2050 Scope 3 Net Zero Ambition In the preceding pages, GE Vernova highlights the technology it is delivering today and investments for the breakthrough technologies of tomorrow.

As these pages show, GE’s investments toward decarbonization technologies are uniquely diverse.

GE is innovating these technologies both for our customers and for the planet as we work to play a leadership role in the power sector, meeting its 2050 net zero goals.

In 2021, GE announced an ambition to be a net zero company for its sold products by 2050, which is the most impactful and relevant emissions category given the nature of our businesses.

Working with external advisors and experts, we further refined our focus to power turbines and aircraft engines, which account for the majority of GE’s greenhouse gas emissions across all reporting scopes.

By focusing on the key levers we have as a company to impact the energy transition, we will more effectively deliver the type of technology innovations and breakthroughs our customers are relying on to achieve their own net zero ambitions.

In working to lead the development of technology for the power sector, we are informed by the role of GE Vernova for sustainable development and broader industry trends.

Addressing the urgent need to decarbonize the global energy system is at the same time a huge challenge and opportunity.

Energy is the lifeblood of safer, longer lives, economic growth and human prosperity.

The International Energy Agency (IEA) projects the global population will grow by approximately 2 billion people by 2050.

Yet even today, nearly 775 million people globally do not have access to sustainable, reliable and affordable energy.

GE is proud to play a critical role in providing more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy globally, a core United Nations Sustainable Development Goal (SDG).

As described on the pages above, GE’s equipment generates approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, and 90% of the world’s power transmission utilities use GE technology.

With diversified technology in the wind, power, electrification and digital sectors, GE Vernova is committed to achieving the goal of decarbonizing the energy sector globally while growing access and resiliency to more sustainable, reliable and affordable electricity.

The IEA forecasts global electricity consumption will grow by 50% between now and 2040.

Electricity and heat contribute around 40% of global CO2 emissions associated with human activities and this will need to be drastically reduced in order to hit the global target of net zero emissions by 2050.

With this challenge becoming clear, global regulators and industry experts are now starting to paint a picture of what the future energy mix will need to look like with fossil fuels and, in particular, natural gas still needing to play a role to support the transition, alongside a huge growth in the clean energy and renewables sector as well as decarbonization technologies.

In its 2022 Energy Outlook, the IEA calls this decade critical for delivering a more secure, sustainable and affordable energy system, calling for investments in clean electricity and electrification along with expanded and modernized grids, offering clear and cost effective opportunities to cut emissions more rapidly while bringing electricity costs down from their current highs.

GE technologies are contributing to many of the efforts that have driven the decarbonization of energy to date, and they are crucial to reducing the sectors’ carbon intensity that is needed in the short term, as we invest in and build the longer term mix of lower carbon energy, cleaner fuels and renewable electricity needed for the net zero future.

As one of the world’s leading companies in the energy sector, we know the challenge is complex and we have to be nimble and committed as a company and with our partners to innovate the technology to succeed over the years and decades to come.

Knowing this path will take decades, we prioritize credibility first and foremost with our stakeholders to share what we objectively know and don’t know.

This also means as we get better and more credible information, we will share that with our stakeholders.

We are committed to continuous learning to enable more insights and opportunities to make a difference, and we expect to make progress over time.

We know no one company can solve these issues alone.

With GE’s spirit of humility, we welcome continued collaborations with our customers, investors, regulators and peers to achieve success toward our goals.

We summarize several of these key collaborations on page 31.

Simply stated, GE Vernova’s role in the sector’s path toward net zero is to deliver state of the art technology today to make progress while innovating the breakthrough technologies for tomorrow.

Below, we synthesize the previous pages regarding how we see various technologies contributing toward this pathway.

Building on substantial contributions from past action.

Our efforts toward decarbonization began well before 2021.

GE has long innovated its products to drive efficiencies and reduce CO2 emissions by delivering state of the art products.

Our past efforts since 2010 lay a strong foundation for the progress forward.

We are prioritizing the 2020s as a decade of action, with a focus on innovating the technology solutions needed to achieve net zero emissions in 2050.

This will take several forms, including advancing technology with the potential to further reduce carbon emissions and carbon intensity in this decade and beyond.

While we are optimistic about the role of GE Vernova’s technologies to make progress through 2030, we know they will not be enough to achieve 2050 net zero ambitions.

We are investing today to innovate the next generation of breakthrough technologies to achieve the step changes that will be needed for the power sector.

GE’s power technology has made substantial contributions to global decarbonization efforts for many years.

For example, over the past decade, while global coal generation across the industry grew by 6% (2010 2021), estimated generation from GE’s installed base of coal plants declined by 44% (2010 and coal to gas switching.

Estimated generation from GE’s gas installed base grew by 17% during this period.

With less than half of the carbon emissions of a comparably sized coal plant and the operating flexibility to accommodate variable renewable generation, gas played a vital role contributing to the reduction in carbon emissions without sacrificing grid resilience.

During this same period, there was a 16% increase in estimated generation from GE’s installed low carbon power generation technologies (wind, hydro, nuclear).

The net of these changes resulted in an estimated reduction in carbon intensity of the total GE installed base by 22% over this time period.

As described above, GE Vernova has a two fold goal for the energy sector: (1) to decarbonize the energy sector globally through a combination of renewable energy, gas power and grid modernization while (2) growing resilient access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy for everyone.

This challenge takes on greater significance knowing the power sector will be a key enabler for decarbonizing other economic sectors (e.g., transportation, buildings).

GE’s 2022 Scope 3 emissions from its power turbines are estimated on the accompanying chart.

In this decade, GE will focus on reducing Scope 3 emissions in several ways.

GE’s coal exit and wind growth are key near term influencers toward lowered Scope 3 emissions.

Over the decade, greater deployment of gas plant pre combustion decarbonization technologies (hydrogen or renewable natural gas blending) and post combustion carbon capture technologies (including retrofits of existing plants) could also support progress.

Our projected timeline for the deployment of technologies this decade is shown on the accompanying chart and the ways we are supporting these technologies are described in the preceding pages of the Sustainability Report.

GE will continue its investments in onshore and offshore wind to improve capacity factors and to expand manufacturing capacity to support robust demand growth for renewables.

The Haliade X, the world’s largest offshore turbine in operation, is designed for growth from its current 14 MW 220 meter rotor to as much as 17 MW 250 meter rotor, resulting in a 7% capacity factor improvement.

GE’s newest 3.4 MW onshore wind turbine was introduced in 2022.

Designed specifically for the North America region, the turbine is based on GE’s bestselling 2 MW platform, which recently surpassed 30 GW of installed base globally.

Investments in grid hardware and software will also enable higher renewable penetrations without technology.

At the same time, GE has accumulated more than 1.3 million operating hours on its world record efficiency H class gas turbines (with nearly one third of the carbon emissions of a coal plant).

Advanced gas path upgrades deployed to GE’s existing F class fleet over the past three years reduced roughly 2 million tons of CO2 emissions.

Gas plants play a vital role balancing variable renewables with dispatchable flexible power, preserving system resilience.

Converting to hydrogen fuel reduces carbon emissions and GE leads the industry in hydrogen and hydrogen like combustion experience (8 million hours across more than 100 units).

GE is continuing investments in the grid of the future to orchestrate variability of renewable resource, address bi directional flow of electricity from distributed resources, augment traditional forms of system inertia, and enable controllable loads such as EV charging or heat pumps to balance supply and demand.

These investments will increase the potential for higher penetration of renewables on the grid and improve the carbon intensity of the power sector.

GE continued progress with several significant milestones in 2022.

Having worked through its backlog, GE had no sales for coal fired steam turbines in 2022, ending GE’s participation in any new coal plants globally.

GE and Technip Energies began development of their front end engineering design (FEED) study for a first of a kind large amine based, post combustion carbon capture at scale solution to integrate with a proposed H Class natural gas fired power plant at Teesside, England.

During COP27, in a demonstration project at a thermal power plant operated by the Egyptian Electricity Holding Company (EEHC), an LM6000 unit ran on a blend of natural gas and hydrogen, marking the first time the turbine has generated power from a hydrogen blend on the African continent.

Use of Sold Products Estimated lifetime net emissions from new gas turbine and steam turbine products sold million metric tons CO2.

This follows Greenhouse Gas protocol, Scope 3 use of sold products, category 11 methodology.

Looking to and beyond 2030, GE is investing today in the breakthrough technologies we believe will be critical to achieve net zero 2050 goals.

As described above, GE continues to invest in technology to support the energy transition toward lower greenhouse gas emissions without sacrificing the required grid resilience that consumers demand.

Continued growth in renewables will play a major role, while the world will also require decarbonized dispatchable and flexible plants and hybrid storage solutions to address variability of renewables.

Small Modular Nuclear Reactors GE secured its launch order for its first small modular reactor technology, the BWRX 300, with Ontario Power Generation at its Darlington site with plans to be operational by 2028, as detailed on page 28.

This technology will be available in small scalable blocks that use modularity and simplicity of design to take out significant cost and cycle time.

Hydrogen GE leads in hydrogen combustion experience and capability today and will continue to expand capability for increasing blends with a goal of a 100% hydrogen capable (and hence zero carbon power generation) product portfolio across its catalog by 2030 learn more on page 27.

Carbon Capture We also see a need for carbon capture technology to be deployed across new and existing gas plants.

GE is participating today in multiple feed studies to integrate carbon capture technology into a flexible gas combined cycle plant.

There are significant capital costs, operating costs and physical space reductions under development with the potential to improve carbon capture deployment economics.

In parallel, GE will continue active advocacy efforts with policy makers to ensure sensible regulations and enabling incentives are prioritized.

GE anticipates to be actively constructing its first integrated carbon capture combined cycle system by 2025.

As these pages show, GE Vernova believes a diverse suite of technologies and innovation will be key to decarbonizing the energy sector while growing resiliency.

Our investments include renewable energy in the onshore and offshore wind sectors and grid modernization technology, all of which will contribute to net zero.

Our Scope 3 focus is on reducing fossil fuel emissions through coal to gas switching and decarbonizing gas turbines pre combustion with hydrogen and post combustion with carbon capture.

GE actively engaged in multiple feed studies for carbon capture projects in Europe and North America with construction to commence by 2025.

GE’s fleet leader for Ontario Power Generation working toward commencement operation in 2028.

GE currently has 100% H2 capability across some of its gas turbine offerings and is expanding capability with industry leading, efficient HA gas turbines to 100% by 2030 to meet customer needs to future proof investments as hydrogen becomes available.

Building on substantial contributions from past action.

Haliade X offshore wind turbine receives full type certification.

GE's newest 3.4 MW onshore wind turbine launched for North America.

Learn more on page 23 GE’s LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine operates on hydrogen natural gas blend during COP27 in Egypt.

Learn more on page 29 GE and Technip Energies began development of front end engineering design (FEED) study for a carbon capture solution.

Learn more on page 30 GridOS launched as world’s first software portfolio designed for grid orchestration.

GE receives U.S. Department of Energy carbon capture grant targeting 95% emissions reduction.

GE Hitachi receives memoranda of understanding and other agreements for its BWRX 300 small modular reactor in Canada, Czech Republic, Estonia, Poland, U.K., U.S. and Sweden.

GE awarded U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) grants to accelerate the path towards 100% hydrogen combustion in gas turbines.

GE Vernova will focus, working with other industry participants, on bringing into service breakthrough technologies by the early 2030s to help achieve absolute emission reductions for the power sector’s path to net zero.

With GE Aerospace and partner engines powering three quarters of the world’s commercial flights, our employees are committed to innovating cutting edge technology and making operational improvements to help meet historic demand while decreasing emissions today and in the future.

As our aerospace customers bring families together, accelerate economic activity and reintroduce people to the world, this growth underscores both the necessity of aviation in modern life and the importance of an urgent challenge delivering on a commitment by the global aviation industry, including GE Aerospace, to achieve net zero CO2 emissions by 2050.

Through advancements in aerodynamics, engine architecture and materials technology, we have made air travel more accessible to more people, while also reducing emissions by 40% compared to engines manufactured in the 1970s and 1980s.

Over the last decade, we have introduced new engines in virtually every market segment that offer double digit fuel efficiency improvements compared to their predecessors.

Our Avio Aero team is leading a European project to test a hybrid electric motor powered by hydrogen fuel cells, and we continue to develop our capability to support battery and fuel cell energy sources.

Even today, all GE and partner engines can run on approved Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) blends, which could lower lifecycle CO2 emissions by up to 80% compared to convention jet fuel.

Scaling production and availability of SAF is critical to enabling the aviation industry to meet its decarbonization goals.

But these advances alone will not be sufficient to enable the industry to meet its goals.

Doing so will require a concerted effort aimed at developing and rolling out technologies that are designed specifically to reduce CO2 and other emissions.

Our industry’s progress in this area is in the early stages and, I believe that in the future, we will look back on this time much as we did the onset of the Jet Age, or when we first set our sights on going to the moon the beginning of an era that defines what is possible.

New eras require transformational technology and the passion of 45,000 GE Aerospace employees who live our purpose every day we invent the future of flight, lift people up and bring them home safely.

For example, our revolutionary CFM RISE13 demonstrator is being developed in conjunction with our joint venture partner Safran.

Slated for ground and flight tests in the middle of this decade, RISE13 is designed to reduce fuel consumption and CO2 emissions by more than 20% compared with today’s most efficient engines.

This feat will be achieved through an open fan architecture, hybrid electric capability, and key materials and manufacturing technologies like ceramic matrix composites (CMCs) and additive manufacturing.

GE Aerospace’s position as an industry leader gives us a unique responsibility to chart the future of flight.

We benefit from partnerships with peer companies, aircraft manufacturers and government entities, all of which demonstrate the strength of our team and technology portfolio.

Last year, we announced a new flight test program for a hydrogen combustion engine and an open fan flight test demonstration with Airbus, and we are working with NASA and Boeing to fly a megawatt class hybrid electric system this decade.

While the aviation industry’s journey to becoming more sustainable and decarbonized will be measured in decades, our consensus on net zero is driving action today.

GE Aerospace’s transition to a standalone company in 2024 will be an important milestone by sharpening our focus on creating a smarter and more efficient future of flight, thanks to a strong foundation that includes our talented team and advanced technology platform.

This is a bold mission, but it is one that is worthy to guide us as we seek to define flight for today, tomorrow and the future.

Our Technologies Today At GE Aerospace, we never stop innovating.

As one of the world’s largest suppliers of aircraft engines, systems and services, GE Aerospace continues to lead the industry in developing technologies to reduce CO2 emissions from flight.

To that end, GE spent nearly 2 billion14 on aviation research and development in 2022, including emissions reducing technologies.

This commitment to innovation and investment over decades has led to the following engines, services and software available now to reduce CO2 emissions from the existing fleet in service.

From the GE9X, which is the culmination of our decade long commercial product renewal, to the GE Passport and Catalyst business and general aviation engines, to the T901 and T408 turboshafts for military helicopters, we have the industry’s broadest array of advanced engines.

Our newest engines are designed to offer better fuel efficiency and lower CO2 emissions than their predecessors with advances in engine architecture, aerodynamics and advanced materials.

Technologies such as ceramic matrix composites and additive manufacturing have led to lighter parts with higher capabilities.

As a result, today’s commercial aircraft engines consume 40% less fuel compared to engines manufactured in the 1970s and 1980s.

Toward a more circular economy, we also consider the lifecycle of our engines.

Currently, there are more than 23,000 total repairs in our catalogs to restore worn GE and CFM International15 engine parts to serviceable conditions.

Additionally, GE and CFM International15 industrialized more than 1,700 repairs in 2022, increasing repair capability.

As a result, GE maintenance, repair and overhaul facilities globally repaired approximately 2.3 million engine components in 2022 using these industrialized processes.

Additionally, our used serviceable materials business purchases used engines and parts, performs necessary inspections and repairs, and facilitates return of serviceable parts into the aviation industry.

When metal parts are no longer repairable, they are recycled when possible.

GE’s 360 Foam Wash is an advanced on wing cleaning technology with a proprietary detergent to help ensure engines continue to operate efficiently.

In some cases, GE’s 360 Foam Wash has been found to improve engine performance by reducing build up of deposits in the engine, lowering engine exhaust temperatures and improving engine compressor efficiency.

These improvements led to reduced fuel consumption, lower CO2 emissions and increased engine time on wing.

GE’s 360 Foam Wash is approved for use on multiple GE engine programs, including models of GE90, GEnx and CF34, as well as Engine Alliance’s16 GP7200 engines.

RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Sustainable Aviation Fuel or SAF for short is jet fuel that can be made from plant based material, fats, oils and greases, alcohols, waste streams, captured CO2 and other alternative feedstocks.

GE Aerospace has been actively involved in assessing and qualifying SAF since 2007 and works closely with SAF producers, regulators and operators to ensure SAF can be widely adopted for use in aviation.

More than 475,000 commercial flights have been operated using SAF blends since 2011, according to industry association Air Transport Action Group.

The widespread use of SAF has the potential to dramatically reduce fuel lifecycle carbon emissions up to 80% compared to jet fuel produced from petroleum.

SAF made by new approaches that convert captured CO2 and renewable hydrogen to liquid fuel has the potential to eliminate lifecycle CO2 emissions.

All GE, CFM International18 and Engine Alliance19 engines in service today can operate with approved SAF blends.

That’s because all approved SAF available today is considered drop in.

Drop in SAF means the fuel meets current petroleum based jet fuel requirements.

It can be substituted for fossil based jet fuel without any modifications to engines and airframes, and is therefore compatible with the existing commercial fleet, as well as with other parts of the fuel distribution and storage infrastructure.

Currently, SAF approved for use is a blend of petroleum based Jet A or Jet A 1 fuel and a SAF component with a maximum blend limit of 50%.

One of GE’s fuel experts chairs an international task force to develop standardized industry specifications supporting adoption of 100% drop in SAF, which does not require blending with conventional jet fuel.

Drop in 100% SAF is not yet qualified by ASTM International, an organization that develops technical standards.

GE Aerospace’s Systems business continues to bring additional efficiencies to aircraft performance.

These technologies include power generation, conversion and distribution systems focused on electrification, avionics solutions that optimize flight paths, and more efficient and quieter integrated propeller systems.

GE Aerospace’s Flight Management System (FMS) provides increased situational awareness and operational efficiencies on more than 12,000 aircraft worldwide, including models of the Boeing 737 and military aircraft.

The FMS is designed to allow an airplane to fly at higher altitudes over longer routes and allows for an optimized descent that is a more gradual approach to the airport than a stair step approach.

Flying at higher altitudes longer can reduce carbon and noise emissions.

GE Aerospace’s FMS optimized descents offer a potential 6 12% fuel savings, reduced CO2 emissions and roughly 20% lower nitrogen oxide (NOx) emissions for operators compared to traditional approaches.

GE Digital has software that can help airlines reduce CO2 emissions today, using data they already have.

Right now, solutions like FlightPulse and Airspace Insight help pilots and airlines make data driven strategic choices about flight routes that save on fuel and avoid releasing excess CO2 emissions.

In years to come, digital solutions will continue to help drive the industry towards a net zero future through new enhancements and features like Fuel Insight, which could allow airline customers to easily identify, track and manage fuel initiatives.

As part of GE Aerospace’s ongoing efforts to help qualify Sustainable Aviation Fuel, GE completed in 2022 successful testing of its Passport and HF12017 business aviation engines using 100% SAF.

Both engines underwent ground testing at GE Aerospace’s Peebles Test Operations in southern Ohio.

The purpose of the tests was to assess the performance and operability of the engine technologies with 100% SAF compared to conventional Jet A. Additionally, Boeing and NASA teams conducted emissions ground testing of a GEnx powered Boeing 787 running 50% drop in and 100% non drop in SAF in 2022.

These are just the latest examples of GE Aerospace’s 100% SAF testing F414, GE90, GE9X, LEAP and CFM56 engines have also been tested with 100% SAF.

It is estimated a typical flight emits 900 1,000 kilograms of excess carbon due to inefficient airspace design and air traffic control practices.

When you consider airlines operate tens of thousands of flights per day, increasing efficiencies in airspace usage, flight times and flight routes would make a significant impact on lowering carbon emissions.

Qantas Airlines, which operates Australia’s largest commercial fleet, announced in 2022 plans to implement GE Digital’s Airspace Insight solution.

By using this first of its kind tool, which aggregates data from air traffic control (ATC), airlines, airports, airspace designers and communities, Qantas can better understand what is happening in their airspace from both a safety and efficiency perspective.

LEAP engines are a product of CFM International, a 50 50 joint company between GE Aerospace and Safran Aircraft Engines.

Engine Alliance is a 50 50 joint company between GE and Pratt Whitney.

HF120 engines are a product of GE Honda Aero Engines LLC, a 50 50 joint between GE Aerospace and Honda Aero, Inc.

Our Breakthrough Technologies for the Future GE Aerospace is already at work today to develop breakthrough technologies for the benefit of us all tomorrow, such as advanced new engine architectures like open fan, hybrid electric propulsion and hydrogen fuel combustion.

Since June 2021, three major new technology demonstration programs were launched.

Multiple ground and flight tests planned this decade will demonstrate new technologies for use in future commercial aircraft engines that could enter service beginning in the mid 2030s.

CFM International21 will modify a GE Passport engine for testing by designing a new cryogenic fuel delivery system, hydrogen combustor and fuel controls.

This is no easy feat, requiring a significant change to the propulsion system to be capable of safely burning liquid hydrogen, which doesn’t generate CO2 emissions during the combustion process.

Efforts to design a new hydrogen combustor engine will draw from GE’s more than 8 million hours of operating experience with hydrogen combustion with land based gas turbines.

Since then, GE collaborated with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) through the CLEEN program and with NASA on sub scale wind tunnel test campaigns demonstrating better fuel efficiency compared to the CFM56 7B engine while achieving sufficient margins to current and anticipated future noise requirements.

Avio Aero, part of the GE Aerospace business based in Italy, contributed to the development and testing of counter rotating open fan architectures under Europe’s Clean Sky research program and is continuing to do so as a founding member of Clean Aviation (formerly Clean Sky 2 program).

Under Clean Aviation, Avio Aero supported optimization of open fan architectures through design and integration studies conducted with airframers.

Avio Aero continues to support and coordinate CFM RISE20 Program technology development among GE Aerospace’s European teams.

The open fan engine design being developed through the CFM RISE20 Program has been made simpler and lighter with new approaches such as single stage rotating carbon fiber composite fan blades and stationary outlet guide vanes.

Through the CFM RISE Program20, GE Aerospace is also working with NASA to research advanced engine cores for single aisle aircraft.

As part of NASA’s Hybrid Thermally Efficient Core (HyTEC) project, GE Aerospace is testing and maturing compact jet engine core designs, including compressor, combustor and high pressure turbine technologies to improve thermal efficiency.

Continued development of ceramic matrix composites (CMCs), an advanced heat resistant material, is also a key part of the effort to improve fuel efficiency and reduce emissions.

After years of developing individual components of a hybrid electric system motors, generators and power converters GE Aerospace is systematically maturing a megawatt class integrated hybrid electric powertrain to demonstrate flight readiness for commercial aircraft.

Plans are to conduct ground and flight tests of the hybrid electric propulsion system by the mid 2020s using a modified Saab 340B testbed and GE’s CT7 turboprop engines.

Our Systems business has designed and manufactured power conversion, distribution and control systems for commercial aircraft for over 30 years.

GE Aerospace Systems continues to advance these products with technologies such as GE developed silicon carbide transistors to increase efficiency, power density, thermal performance and reliability.

These technologies are integral to the development of GE Aerospace’s hybrid electric powertrain demonstrator with NASA, with development work taking place at the Electrical Power Integration System Center (EPISCenter) in Dayton, Ohio, and the Electrical Power Integration Centre in Cheltenham, England.

EPISCenter has the capacity to test hybrid or fully electric powertrains with up to 15 megawatts of available power.

In June 2021, GE Aerospace and Safran launched a bold technology development program.

The CFM RISE20 (Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engines) Program will demonstrate and mature a range of new, disruptive technologies for future engines that could enter service by the mid 2030s.

The program goals include reducing fuel consumption and CO2 emissions by more than 20% compared to today’s most efficient engines, as well as ensuring compatibility with alternative energy sources such as Sustainable Aviation Fuel and hydrogen.

Central to the program is achieving state of the art propulsive efficiency for the engine, including advanced architectures such as the open fan.

The open fan design is a key enabler to achieving significantly improved fuel efficiency while delivering the same speed and cabin experience as current single aisle aircraft.

The program will also use hybrid electric capability to optimize engine efficiency while enabling electrification of many aircraft systems.

GE Aerospace has continually advanced state of the art open fan systems.

Hybrid electric propulsion technologies can help improve engine performance reducing fuel usage and emissions making more electric engine technologies key to GE Aerospace’s efforts to reduce CO2 emissions for a more sustainable future of flight.

Hybrid electric technologies are also highly compatible with Sustainable Aviation Fuel and hydrogen, as well as advanced engine architectures like open fan and new advanced engine core designs.

Along with Safran Aircraft Engines, GE Aerospace announced in February 2022 that CFM International21 is collaborating with Airbus on a hydrogen demonstration program.

Plans are underway to develop direct hydrogen combustion engine technologies for ground and flight tests later this decade.

RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

GE Aerospace is the world’s first to test a megawatt class and multi kilovolt hybrid electric propulsion system in altitude conditions that simulate single aisle commercial flight.

The test of the high power, high voltage system including electric motor generators, power converters, power transmission and power control systems successfully demonstrated performance and operation of the components in simulated altitude up to 45,000 feet.

This helps validate the architecture of the hybrid electric propulsion systems GE is developing.

It’s also an important step in GE’s technology program with NASA and Boeing to develop a hybrid electric propulsion system for flight tests later this decade and for entry into service in the mid 2030s.

Airbus and CFM International22, a 50 50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines, are collaborating to flight test CFM International’s cutting edge open fan engine architecture.

The Flight Test Demonstrator aims to mature and accelerate the development of advanced propulsion technologies, as part of CFM’s Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engine (RISE)22 demonstration program, on board an Airbus A380.

The flight test campaign will be performed in the second half of this decade.

Program objectives include enhanced understanding of engine wing integration and aerodynamic performance, as well as propulsive system efficiency gains.

Avio Aero announced in 2022 the launch of a new hybrid electric technology demonstration program that supports efforts to make air transport more fuel efficient to reduce CO2 emissions.

The Clean Aviation Joint Undertaking awarded approximately 34 million euro over four years to a consortium led by Avio Aero for the AMBER demonstrator.

Plans are to mature, integrate and validate key technologies necessary for a megawatt class, hybrid electric propulsion system powered by hydrogen fuel cells.

The AMBER demonstrator will study integration of hybrid electric components including a motor generator, power converters and power transmission systems with fuel cells for rig testing in the mid 2020s using Avio Aero’s advanced Catalyst turboprop engine.

In 2022, the U.S. Air Force and GE successfully concluded the major contractual testing milestones for the XA100 adaptive cycle engine.

These tests proved the capabilities of the engine to provide 25% better fuel efficiency and 25% lower CO2 emissions than current production engines in fifth generation fighter aircraft.

The adaptive cycle technologies, developed under the Air Force's Adaptive Engine Transition Program (AETP), allow the engine to flex in flight between high thrust mode for maximum power and a high efficiency mode for optimum fuel savings and loiter time.

RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Additive manufacturing often referred to as 3D printing is a transformative technology that has the potential to contribute solutions to many of our major societal challenges, such as climate change, digitalization and decreasing natural resources.

GE Additive, a subsidiary of GE Aerospace, was formed in September 2016 to meet market demand and build on GE’s decades of advanced manufacturing and materials science knowledge, additive R D and GE Aerospace's learnings as an early adopter of additive technology.

Today, GE Additive is a leader in metal additive technology with a diverse customer base spanning multiple industries and with a particular strength in highly regulated sectors with complex supply chains, such as aerospace and defense, medical and automotive.

Since the late 1980s, metal additive manufacturing has been mostly used for tooling and concept modeling in automotive, medical and aerospace industries.

In the 2010s, research in corporate R D labs and federal agencies drove breakthrough applications of the technologies and, by 2015, GE Aerospace had gained FAA certification for the first additively manufactured production part.

Employing new manufacturing technology, engineers dreamt up part geometries with complexity only buildable by additive manufacturing.

These designs were then transmitted to 3D printers full of metal powder.

The printers’ lasers or electronic beams heated up and melted particles together in thin layers, gradually forming structures never before built.

The European Commission and European aerospace industry funded Clean Aviation (formerly Clean Sky 2 program) brings together industry subject matter experts and academic research bodies to integrate, demonstrate and validate technologies capable of reducing CO2 emissions, as well as nitrogen oxide (NOx) and noise emissions by up to 30% compared to 2014 state of the art aircraft.

GE Aerospace’s Advanced Technology team in Munich, Germany, led an industry academic consortium for a Turbine Technology Project (TURN) that designed and 3D printed a large, yet lightweight, high performance turbine center frame casing.

Reduced manufacturing lead time 75% from nine months to two and a half months.

Performance benefit of 0.2% in specific fuel consumption.

The Province of Qu bec in Canada provides excellent conditions to produce the metal alloy powders used in industrial 3D printers.

AP C a GE Additive business based in Montr al, Canada, sits at the heart of this region and is a major manufacturer of the titanium, nickel and aluminum powders used by the additive manufacturing industry.

The combination of Hydro Qu bec supplying more than 98% of power from renewable sources to the grid and AP C’s energy efficient, proprietary technology using plasma torches means that, by kilogram, the advanced atomization process from raw titanium feedstock to the final metal powders supplied to customers has a lower carbon footprint compared to conventional manufacturing techniques.

Because additive manufacturing only uses the metal needed to create parts, waste can be significantly reduced.

This makes the buy to fly ratio of metal 3D printing lower than conventional, subtractive manufacturing.

And once in the additive value chain, the metal powders used in 3D printers can be safely retrieved, sieved and reused, before being eventually recycled.

Some advanced additive manufacturing have managed to create virtually zero metal powder waste at their facilities.

Our Collaborations GE Aerospace supports aviation industry efforts to decarbonize, which requires a holistic, global approach.

Meeting the industry’s goal of net zero CO2 emissions from flight by 2050 requires deploying revolutionary technologies to reduce emissions and to advocate for increased use and availability of alternative fuels, such as Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF).

Following similar aviation industry targets, International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) member states in 2022 adopted a collective long term global aspirational goal of net zero CO2 emissions by 2050.

The milestone agreement signaled government backing for the industry’s sustainability ambitions.

Members of Air Transport Action Group (ATAG), including GE Aerospace, previously adopted a goal of net zero CO2 emissions by 2050, confirming the aviation industry’s commitment to reduce CO2 emissions in support of the Paris Climate Agreement goal to limit global warming to 1.5 degrees Celsius.

GE and CFM International23 are funding members with representation on the Board of Directors of ATAG.

GE Aerospace is also a member of the U.S. Aerospace Industries Association, which has a similar target for commercial aviation manufacturers to work with airline customers and governments globally to achieve net zero carbon emissions by 2050.

The European Commission is also on an ambitious trajectory to reduce CO2 emissions from flight.

While governments work on legislative proposals, the European aviation industry issued Destination 2050, a report supported by GE Aerospace, announcing a pathway to net zero CO2 emissions by 2050 and a 55% reduction by 2030 compared to 1990 levels.

Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance (SABA) is a nonprofit organization accelerating the path to net zero aviation by driving investment in, and adoption of, high integrity Sustainable Aviation Fuel and supporting companies, airlines and freight customers in achieving their climate goals.

GE Aerospace joined in 2022 in another example of how the company is engaged across the SAF ecosystem.

GE Aerospace also helps qualify alternative jet fuels for safe operation in GE jet engines, leads standards setting committees for 100% drop in SAF through ASTM International, and is a member of The Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials, which is helping standardize criteria for SAF feedstock.

By joining SABA, GE Aerospace could help support a growing marketplace for SAF.

GE Aerospace was proud to join United Airlines and inaugural corporate partners to launch a first of its kind venture capital fund Called the United Airlines Ventures Sustainable Flight Fund and accelerate the research, production and technologies associated with Sustainable Aviation Fuel.

SAF will be critical for the aviation industry to meet net zero CO2 emissions by 2050.

Today, all GE, CFM International23 and Engine Alliance24 engines in service can operate with approved SAF blends.

One of our fuel experts chairs an international task force to develop standardized industry specifications supporting adoption of 100% drop in SAF, which does not require blending with conventional jet fuel.

Avio Aero, part of the GE Aerospace business, has been a member of Clean Aviation (formerly Clean Sky 2 Program) since its founding in 2008.

Currently, Avio Aero is on Clean Aviation’s governing board.

The public private partnership with the European Commission is the largest R D program devoted to decarbonizing Europe’s aviation industry.

Avio Aero has developed innovative propulsion technologies through the program, such as how to reduce CO2, NOx and noise emissions from turboprop aircraft and engines.

In the new Clean Aviation course, Avio Aero is coordinating the AMBER hybrid electric demonstrator and the HYDEA project to develop a hydrogen combustion engine.

Avio Aero is also associated with the OFELIA project, coordinated by Safran Aircraft Engines, to demonstrate open fan architecture in flight tests.

GE Aerospace is advancing groundbreaking work to develop noise and emissions reducing technologies for aircraft engines under a research partnership with the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA).

GE and the FAA are investing nearly 55 million over five years to accelerate development of a series of technologies for more sustainable aviation, including open fan engine architecture, electrification, noise lowering technologies, as well as ongoing research into alternative jet fuels through the FAA’s Continuous Lower Energy, Emissions and Noise (CLEEN) program.

GE Aerospace has received three CLEEN awards since 2010.

GE Aerospace’s25 Actions Toward Its 2050 Scope 3 Net Zero Ambition In the preceding pages, GE Aerospace identifies the technology it is delivering today and GE Aerospace’s investments for the breakthrough technologies of tomorrow.

As these pages show, GE Aerospace’s investments toward decarbonization technologies are uniquely diverse.

GE Aerospace is innovating these technologies for our customers as we work to play a leadership role in the aviation sector meeting its 2050 net zero goals.

Fuel providers, both traditional and new entrants, are investing to develop and bring lower carbon fuels to the marketplace at volume.

Governments need to provide the right incentives to drive investment and adoption of new technologies and implement long discussed initiatives like the Single European Sky initiative to streamline air traffic management.

Governments and private industry also have key roles to play in supporting development of new infrastructure needed to support alternate fuels.

In 2021, GE announced an ambition to be a net zero company by 2050 for its sold products, which is the most impactful and relevant emissions category given the nature of our businesses.

By focusing GE Aerospace efforts on reducing Scope 3 use of sold products emissions, we will more effectively deliver the type of technology breakthroughs our customers are relying on to achieve their own net zero ambitions.

In working to lead the development of technology for the aviation sector, we are informed by the role of aviation for sustainable development and broader industry trends.

Aviation and the ability to travel are essential to sustainable development and building a world that works.

Everyone in the world should have the right to stay connected to family, friends, job opportunities, healthcare and other essential benefits of travel.

Access to safer, more sustainable and affordable transportation is essential to lifting the quality of life for all people and promoting equity.

The United Nations affirms the essential role of transportation in sustainability through the following Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs): decent work and economic growth (SDG 8), industry, innovation and infrastructure (SDG 9), reduced inequalities (SDG 10), and sustainable cities and communities (SDG 11), among others.

Air travel today is responsible for approximately 2.1% of global CO2 emissions, according to estimates from Air Transport Action Group (ATAG). However, as global populations and economies continue to grow, aviation industry passenger traffic is forecast to grow around 3% a year through 2050, according to ATAG. In order to meet the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement and reduce aviation sector emissions to the level needed to reach net zero emissions by 2050, there are clearly some big challenges ahead.

Both the International Air Transport Association (IATA) and ATAG’s Waypoint 2050 report highlight the need for a multifaceted approach to reach the target of net zero carbon emissions by 2050.

IATA suggests the industry will need to reduce 21.2 gigatons of CO2 now through 2050 to achieve net zero.

Clearly no single solution is capable of delivering this level of CO2 emissions reduction.

All industry participants airlines, airports, aerospace equipment manufacturers, fuel providers, governments and others have a role to play.

Aerospace manufacturers are working to provide technology advances to deliver aircraft and engines that generate significantly less CO2 emissions with capability to operate with both blended and 100% alternate fuels.

As described above, at GE Aerospace, we are working on technologies to improve engine fuel efficiency and support the qualification of alternative fuels compatible with GE engines with our unparalleled engineering and innovation know how.

We are also advancing the breakthrough innovations and ideas that will help the whole industry move even faster.

As one of the world’s leading companies in the aviation sector, we know the challenge is complex and we have to be nimble and committed as a company and with our partners to innovate the technology to succeed over the years and decades to come.

Knowing this path will take decades, we prioritize credibility first and foremost with our stakeholders to share what we objectively know and don’t know.

This also means as we get better and more credible information, we will share that with our stakeholders.

Our analysis below is based on how we see things today.

We are committed to continuous learning to enable more insights and opportunities to make a difference, and we expect to make progress over time.

We know no one company can solve these issues alone.

With GE’s spirit of humility, we welcome continued collaborations with our customers, investors, regulators and peers to achieve success toward our goals.

We summarize several of these key collaborations on page 43.

Simply stated, GE Aerospace’s role in the sector’s path toward net zero is to deliver state of the art technology today to make progress while innovating the breakthrough technologies for tomorrow.

Below, we synthesize the previous pages regarding how we see various technologies contributing toward this pathway.

Building on substantial contributions from past action.

Our efforts toward decarbonization began well before 2021.

GE has long innovated its products to drive efficiencies and reduce CO2 emissions by delivering state of the art products.

Our past efforts since 2010 lay a strong foundation for the progress forward.

We are prioritizing the 2020s as a decade of action, with a focus on innovating the technology solutions needed to achieve net zero emissions in 2050.

This will take several forms, including advancing technology with the potential to further reduce carbon emissions and carbon intensity in this decade and beyond.

While we are optimistic about the role of GE’s technologies to make progress through 2030, we know they will not be enough to achieve 2050 net zero ambitions.

We are investing today to innovate the next generation of breakthrough technologies to achieve the step changes that will be needed for the aviation sector.

For more information on GE Aerospace’s Scope 3 Use of Sold Products Methodology, see Appendix II in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

GE Aerospace is a leader in the aviation industry’s path to net zero CO2 emissions with evolutionary, state of the art technology today and investments in revolutionary, breakthrough technologies for tomorrow.

GE’s legacy has been to innovate technology the world needs to improve the efficiency, reliability and safety of civil aviation to lift up the quality of life for people everywhere.

From the GE9X, which is the culmination of our decade long commercial product renewal, to the GE Passport and Catalyst business and general aviation engines, to the T901 and T408 turboshafts for military helicopters, we have the industry’s broadest array of advanced engines offering better fuel efficiency and lower CO2 emissions than their predecessors with advances in engine architecture, aerodynamics and materials.

Ceramic matrix composites (CMCs) are lighter weight than traditional metal alloys and more heat resistant, allowing engines made with CMCs to operate at higher temperatures with less cooling air.

The aviation sector is uniquely united toward a net zero future.

After GE announced our ambition in 2021 to be a net zero company by 2050 for use of sold products, GE Aerospace supported a similar 2050 goal set by Air Transport Action Group (ATAG) for net zero carbon emissions from flight.

Also in 2021, GE Aerospace’s Chief Engineer joined other chief technology officers from across the industry to call for continued focus on sustainability in the aviation sector and to continue advancing state of the art aircraft and engine design to reduce carbon emissions.

GE Aerospace has joined the International Aerospace Environmental Group (IAEG) to support development of standards for reporting Scope 3 use of sold products emissions across the aerospace industry.

These standards will help GE Aerospace measure in a way that is consistent with other aviation stakeholders how the carbon intensity of our engines is reduced over time through introduction of new technologies and services that reduce emissions.

In terms of technology and innovation, implementation of next generation technology will be paced by the evolution of new aircraft and engine designs, infrastructure and regulations given the sector’s unique considerations relating to safety, reliability and the physics of aviation.

Over the next decade, GE Aerospace expects to continue collaboration with others in our industry to drive increased availability and use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF) while investing in new engine technologies to drive further reductions in the future.

GE Aerospace has never been more focused on innovating technology to solve one of the world’s most pressing challenges keeping people connected while reducing climate impacts.

To that end, GE spent nearly 2 billion26 on aviation research and development in 2022, including emissions reducing aviation technologies.

GE Aerospace is also investing in and supporting technologies that can be quickly adopted to further reduce aviation CO2 emissions from the global fleet of engines in service.

SAF has been shown to provide reduction in overall CO2 lifecycle emissions up to 80% compared to fossil fuels.

And SAF made by new approaches, such as those that convert captured CO2 and renewable hydrogen, has the potential to eliminate lifecycle CO2 emissions.

Currently, SAF approved for use is a blend of petroleum based Jet A or Jet A 1 fuel and a SAF component with a maximum blend limit of 50%.

GE Aerospace holds leadership roles in SAF qualification and standardization bodies such as standards setting body ASTM International, including committees and task forces in charge of new production pathway approvals, maintenance of the industry’s only synthetic fuel specification, and standardization of 100% drop in27 SAF, which does not require blending with conventional jet fuel.

Increased availability and use of SAF is critical to reduce emissions in the existing fleet of installed aircraft engines and future fleets.

That’s why GE Aerospace is advocating for incentives that encourage greater lighter weight engine parts with higher capabilities and more complex designs than parts made by conventional manufacturing methods.

Including engine technology introduced by GE and CFM International28 in the last decade for commercial aircraft, engines manufactured today consume 40% less fuel and emit 40% less CO2 compared to engines manufactured in the 1970s.

New Unit Carbon Intensity (gCO 2 RPK) Estimated net carbon intensity of commercial engine products installed on widebody, narrowbody, regional and business jet aircraft by year.

For example, GE Aerospace has joined the Roundtable on Sustainable Biomaterials (RSB), an independent, international organization helping develop market policies for SAF and helping ensure SAF feedstock is resourced responsibly.

To learn more about our 2022 progress on SAF testing, see page 38.

GE’s proprietary 360 FOAM WASH is an advanced on wing cleaning technology to help ensure engines continue to operate efficiently.

In some cases, GE’s 360 Foam Wash has been found to significantly improve engine performance by reducing build up of deposits in the engine, lowering engine exhaust temperatures and improving engine compressor efficiency.

These improvements lead to reduced fuel consumption and lower CO2 emissions.

GE’s 360 Foam Wash is approved for use on multiple GE engine programs, including models of GE90, GEnx, and CF34, as well as Engine Alliance’s29 GP7200 engines.

Japan Airlines, in 2022, became the first global CF34 engine operator to be licensed for the patented engine cleaning system, which the carrier estimated will save up to 82,000 liters of fuel and up to 285 metric tons of carbon emissions a year by replacing some water washes with foam washes for CF34 engine cleaning.

GE DIGITAL has developed a suite of software applications to help aircraft operators reduce CO2 emissions and drive operational efficiencies.

For example, FlightPulse is a flight analytics tool that helps airline pilots improve safety and operational decision making, including recommendations for fuel savings.

Fuel Insight helps airlines identify areas of opportunity to improve their fuel consumption, while Airspace Insight offers flight path design and maintenance to assist aircraft operators in ensuring routes are optimally designed to minimize time, fuel and emissions.

Use of Sold Products Estimated lifetime emissions of commercial engine products installed on widebody, narrowbody, regional and business jet aircraft by year.

Based on Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Scope 3 use of sold products, category 11 methodology.

We continued to see some COVID 19 impacts in 2022 on deliveries.

We anticipate reported emissions from the use of aircraft will continue to grow in future years for a period of time with the post pandemic return to flight and expected global growth in aviation passenger traffic.

Our roadmap on the following pages identifies the technologies that we believe over time will support pathways to net zero.

Engine Alliance is a 50 50 joint company between GE and Pratt Whitney.

GE Aerospace is investing now in the technology needed to reduce both intensity and absolute emissions toward net zero by 2050.

Knowing there is no one size fits all solution, GE Aerospace is investing in a diverse portfolio of future technologies across the aviation sector, and intends to advance technologies in the near, mid and longer term.

This is some of the world’s most complex technology, and we are focused today on the innovation that’s going to be needed for the future.

For the technologies below, we are focused on three general phases for their development.

Today, we are working in our labs and research centers on the advancement of the concepts and theories.

In the middle of this decade, we aspire to start flight testing these technologies.

We look to the middle of the 2030s as the likely time for introducing these technologies commercially.

Open fan The open fan design is one of the advanced engine architectures CFM International30 is exploring through the CFM RISE31 (Revolutionary Innovation for Sustainable Engines) Program.

GE Aerospace and Safran came together in June 2021 to launch the RISE31 Program, targeting more than 20% lower fuel consumption and CO2 emissions compared to today’s most efficient engines.

Central to the program is state of the art propulsive efficiency through the open fan design.

Since GE Aerospace first debuted an unducted fan in the 1980s, the open fan engine design has been made simpler, lighter and quieter with new approaches such as single stage rotating carbon fiber composite fan blades and stationary composite outlet guide vanes.

To learn more about our 2022 progress on open fan design, see page 40.

Electrification GE Aerospace has been advancing electrification of aircraft and engine systems for more than a decade.

During that time, GE Aerospace engineers matured individual components of a hybrid electric system, including motors, generators and power converters.

Now, we will take what has been learned in laboratories and combine these technologies into an integrated electric machine and associated power electronics for ground and flight tests planned for the mid 2020s.

Through a 260 million program with NASA, GE Aerospace is maturing a megawatt class hybrid electric powertrain to demonstrate flight readiness for single aisle aircraft using a modified Saab 340B testbed and GE’s CT7 turboprop engines.

GE Aerospace, in 2022, announced collaborations with Boeing to support the program’s flight tests and BAE Systems to design, test and supply energy management components.

Hydrogen CFM International30 also launched, in 2022, a demonstration program in collaboration with Airbus to ground and flight test a direct combustion engine fueled by hydrogen.

CFM International30 will modify the combustor, fuel system and control system of a GE Passport turbofan to run on hydrogen, a fuel which doesn’t generate carbon emissions during the combustion process.

Efforts to design and validate new combustor technology compatible with hydrogen will draw from GE’s more than 8 million hours of operating experience with hydrogen combustion in land based gas and steam turbines.

Revolutionary technologies and alternative fuels both have critical roles to play in meeting the aviation industry’s long term climate goal of net zero carbon emissions by 2050 for commercial flight.

RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Consistent with our collaboration principle above, GE knows it will take partnership, to succeed for net zero for the aviation sector.

GE serves on the Board of the Air Transport Action Group (ATAG), which produced the Waypoint 2050 report addressing scenarios for the aviation sector toward net zero.

GE’s innovation and technology SAF, hybrid electric and hydrogen described on these pages is core to the technical opportunities ATAG and the industry are identifying.

Source: ATAG Waypoint 2050 https: aviationbenefits.org environmental efficiency climate action waypoint 2050 .

Building on substantial contributions from past action.

GE Aerospace and customers surpassed 2,000 360 Foam Washes since 2017.

Qantas Airlines implemented GE Digital’s Airspace Insight solution.

GE Aerospace unveiled turbine center frame casing, one of largest additively manufactured parts for the aerospace industry.

Airbus and CFM International35 announced plans to partner on open fan flight tests in second half of this decade.

GE Aerospace first in the world to test high power, high voltage hybrid electric components in altitude conditions.

Avio Aero launches hybrid electric technology demonstration program with hydrogen fuel cells.

Advance technologies to lower the carbon intensity of its products.

Innovate and test the breakthrough technologies required to achieve the step changes needed for net zero in the future.

Prioritize partnerships to succeed in these outcomes.

GE will focus, working with other industry participants, on bringing into service breakthrough technologies in the mid 2030s to help achieve absolute emission reductions for the aviation sector’s path to net zero.

LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

RISE is a registered trademark of CFM International.

U.S. Department of Energy Secretary Jennifer Granholm and Advanced Research Projects Agency Energy Director Evelyn Wang (center) demo GE's PLUTO robotic system at the 2023 ARPA E Energy Innovation Summit in Washington, D.C.

GE Research is our innovation engine where the solutions to our energy challenges are being developed and shaped today.

Our 1,000 scientists and engineers, including more than 500 Ph.D.s, partner with an expansive innovation network of industry, government and academic partners to achieve our sustainability goals across the energy sector and for the future of flight.

With major research facilities in the U.S. and India, we are the global innovation engine for the GE Vernova and GE Aerospace businesses.

Together with our businesses and innovation partners, we’re developing the new products and technologies to address our most pressing sustainability needs.

Over the past five years, we have significantly grown our network of external partnerships with the U.S. government.

With a portfolio of 237 programs worth 370 million, we are closely aligned on key research priorities to address climate change and help drive more sustainable air travel.

During the past year, GE Research has created and launched a new Technology Incubation team at its Niskayuna, New York, research campus to enhance our sustainable innovation commercialization efforts in the private sector.

A key focus of this team will be to turn high potential technologies under development by GE researchers into the next start up businesses alongside external investor partners to further our sustainability goals.

The team already has identified close to a half dozen potential startups that include a new manufacturing process using 3D printing to make wind turbine components, a revolutionary new method to produce clean, potable drinking water, and cutting edge developments in cybersecurity to safeguard critical infrastructure like power grids, with dozens of additional projects in the pipeline.

As GE launches more focused, industry leaders in energy and flight, GE Research is working in parallel with these new companies to stand up dedicated advanced research centers to support their innovation objectives more directly.

In energy and aerospace specifically, GE researchers are focused on driving key technology advancements to deliver cleaner solutions on the ground and in the skies.

At GE Vernova, teams of scientists and engineers are developing new wind turbine designs and automation of services to accelerate onshore and offshore wind power on the ground.

In tandem, they are advancing critical power electronics, controls and digital technologies required to build a 21st century grid that is becoming more renewables intensive.

For GE Aerospace, GE Research has dedicated teams with deep experience in electrical systems and propulsion technologies to support GE Aerospace’s initiatives in hybrid electric propulsion to enable more sustainable air travel.

We have dedicated research teams for advancing breakthrough concepts in carbon capture, including direct air capture (DAC), and driving carbon free fuel initiatives, such as 100% hydrogen power turbines and nuclear power with the advancement of small modular reactor designs.

Meanwhile in the aerospace sector, GE engineers are complementing their efforts to enable more electric propulsion with the development of technologies to enable net zero carbon fuel alternatives with hydrogen fueled jet engines and the adoption of Sustainable Aviation Fuel.

The CAGE Lab, launched by GE Research in 2021, is at the center of innovative advancements to decarbonize the power sector.

It is home to a highly multidisciplinary team of more than 50 scientists and engineers developing unique systems for post combustion carbon capture and direct air capture (DAC), which remove carbon from flue gas and the air, respectively.

This effort has brought together GE’s core competencies in thermal management, advanced manufacturing and innovative materials to capture carbon dioxide.

The team has been actively testing a demonstration DAC unit in the lab, with a future objective of enabling an economical, large scale solution for helping customers and companies achieve their decarbonization and climate goals.

GE Research, together with the National Renewable Energy Laboratory (NREL) LUMA Energy, which operates and manages the electrical grid in Puerto Rico Sandia National Laboratories and GE’s Renewable Energy and Digital businesses have been awarded a three year, 4.5 million project from the U.S. Department of Energy to develop and pilot an automated power restoration system in Puerto Rico that would enable a community to rapidly restore electricity following extreme weather events such as a hurricane.

The automated power system will integrate advanced sensors, software, distributed solar and storage, and other features, with the goal of reducing restoration time from weeks and months to hours and days.

This system could serve as a model for all communities in quickly restoring electricity to homes and businesses.

GE Research’s hybrid electric aviation team has been developing the fundamental components to help enable commercial scale hybrid electric flight for two decades.

The team is partnering with the Advanced Research Projects Agency for Energy (ARPA E) on three projects to develop the powertrain, power generation system and cabling to enable a hybrid electric propulsion system that is suitable for supporting a 150 200 seat narrow body commercial airplane.

Recently, the lab was awarded a second phase of funding from ARPA E to continue scaling the development of the powertrain.

While GE is principally involved with the end use applications of Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), we are applying some of our research experience and in house SAF expertise to find ways to help boost SAF availability and production more broadly for the aviation industry.

GE scientists and engineers have ongoing collaborations to explore new feedstock options through technologies like carbon capture.

Additionally, an interdisciplinary team of experts was formed in 2022 to study the most promising pathways for addressing critical barriers to increase SAF production in the future.

At GE, we focus not just on what we do, but how we do it.

We are guided by an active and engaged Board of Directors, with leadership that sets the example of a culture of integrity that is core to everything we do.

As we work to unleash our full potential as three independent industry leaders committed to energy, health and flight, we continue to develop and deliver products and services for growth sectors that are critical to building a world that works.

A key element of our sustainability strategy is to implement lean management principles across the enterprise to drive continuous improvement for purposeful outcomes.

And we continue to invest in our people, one of our most valuable assets.

The Board of Directors (Board) sets the tone from the top for GE’s culture.

GE’s Board has oversight responsibility for management’s establishment and execution of corporate strategy.

The Board also provides independent risk oversight, with a focus on the most significant risks facing the company.

The Board’s Governance Public Affairs Committee (Governance Committee) strives to maintain an independent Board with broad and diverse experience and judgment that is committed to representing the long term interests of our stakeholders.

Creating an experienced, qualified Board with high personal integrity and character, and expertise in areas relevant to GE and the company’s strategy.

Enhancing the Board’s diversity of backgrounds, specifically attributes such as race, ethnicity, gender, cultural background and professional experience.

Complying with regulatory requirements and the Board’s independence guidelines.

As we progress on our plans to launch GE Aerospace and GE Vernova as independent companies with their own boards of directors, the Governance Committee will seek director candidates whose experiences support each company’s future strategy and industry focus, with the goal of creating dedicated boards of directors with deep domain expertise.

The Board recognizes the long term interests of the company require responsibly addressing the concerns of stakeholders beyond just shareholders, including employees, recruits, customers, suppliers, communities, government officials and the public at large.

The Board oversees the execution of GE’s sustainability priorities and initiatives as an integrated part of the company’s overall strategy and risk management.

Matters related to sustainability often span multiple functional categories and areas of oversight, and therefore involve discussion at the full Board level as well as individual committees.

GE’s ambitions, goals and reporting related to greenhouse gas emission reductions from customers’ use of sold products.

Primary risks and opportunities across GE’s businesses, including risks related to climate change and other sustainability matters.

The Governance Committee also plays an important role in GE’s sustainability oversight, and has primary oversight of GE’s priorities and external reporting related to sustainability ESG matters, as well as policies and strategies related to political spending and lobbying, human rights, and environment, health and safety.

Regular updates on safety programs and performance throughout GE.

Public policy advocacy and lobbying related to climate change and the energy transition.

Sustainability programs and performance, and the transition of programs and reporting to each of the three planned independent public companies.

The Audit Committee also has a role in sustainability matters to the extent these topics relate to financial reporting and regulatory requirements, including reporting on these matters in SEC filings and data quality related to this reporting.

The Governance Committee, composed solely of independent directors, oversees the company’s political spending and lobbying activities, including external reporting on such activities.

This includes political and campaign contributions as well as any contributions to trade associations and other tax exempt and similar organizations that may engage in political activity.

A yearly review of GE’s political spending policies and lobbying practices.

Approval of GE’s annual budget for political activities.

Reviewing semi annual updates on political spending, both through company expenditures and through the employee managed political action committee (GEPAC).

GE currently discloses the names of all trade associations receiving more than 50,000 from the company, including the portion of the company’s payment used for lobbying or political expenditures, as well as any contributions to 501(c)(4)s, beginning with contributions made in 2018.

GE’s political spending has declined in recent years and, in 2022, GE did not contribute any corporate funds to political campaigns, committees or candidates for public office.

In this year’s Sustainability Report, we are again providing a description of how GE’s climate lobbying activities align with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, see pages 89 96.

Board Focus on Climate Change The energy transition and climate change have been significant areas of focus at the Board level.

At its meetings throughout 2022, the Board regularly reviewed climate change related risks and opportunities across GE’s business.

The Board is actively engaged with GE leadership on related topics such as the competitive landscape for our businesses amidst climate related shifts in technology, product and service demand analysis of potential pathways for decarbonization customer, shareholder and other stakeholder expectations the company’s decarbonization strategy, including those of the planned independent companies and reducing the environmental impact of GE’s own operations and customers’ use of our sold products.

For example, the Board discussed and helped shape decisions such as setting a goal for GE to become carbon neutral by 2030 in our own operations our ambition to be net zero by 2050 for the Scope 3 emissions associated with the use of sold products and subsequent reporting on those emissions the exit from the new build coal business and engagement on climate change policy.

This focus is also reflected in the Board’s Governance Principles and committee charters, which highlight its role in the oversight of sustainability and climate change related matters.

Long Ridge Energy Terminal and GE commissioned and demonstrated the first advanced class hydrogen burning power plant worldwide using GE’s HA gas turbine.

Strategy for the energy transition and climate change,.

Regulatory, compliance and litigation risks including climate related risks and opportunities.

GE’s ambition and goals related to greenhouse gas emission reductions.

Climate change and energy transition policy engagement.

Financial reporting, systems and internal controls.

In coordination with the Governance Committee, oversight of external reporting related to sustainability matters and data quality related to this reporting.

Strategies and policies related to human capital sustainability matters.

Public policy and government relations activities, including political spending and lobbying activities.

Support of full Board’s oversight on climate change management, including diversity, equity and inclusion workplace environment and culture talent recruitment and development engagement and retention.

External reporting related to diversity and pay equity.

Executive compensation, including determination of metrics to include in long and short term incentive programs.

For more information, see GE’s 2023 Proxy Statement.

EMPLOYEES Regular company or business wide emails and videos from senior leadership, including InsideESG GE video blogs for GE employees Leadership town halls, discussions and educational webinars, including opportunities for questions and answers Open reporting and ombuds system Engagement and culture survey Performance management system People, Performance and Growth INVESTORS Strong commitment to transparency communicate strategic, operational and financial results and progress on priorities Quarterly earnings conference calls open to investors and available on our website Annual investor days Participation in sell side conference presentations Annual meeting of shareholders Investor relations newsletters and website Year round engagement with shareholders, including on governance and sustainability mattersCOMMUNITIES GE locations empowered to support charitable organizations based on the needs of the local community GE volunteers giving back to the communities where GE people live and work The GE Foundation committed to transforming our communities and shaping the diverse workforce of tomorrow by leveraging the power of GE Outreach and meaningful participation with local communities and stakeholders on decisions with broader impactCUSTOMERS Meetings with senior executives at the business and corporate level Engagement strategy driven by business leadership depending on industrySUPPLIERS Commitment to an ethical supply chain program and Supplier Integrity Guide for suppliers Communication and training to all suppliers on compliance and integrity expectations Onboarding engagement assessment and manufacturing site review For direct material suppliers in higher risk countries under the Supplier Responsibility Governance program, more extensive engagement at onboarding, including site audit and continued communication and assessment during their time as a GE supplier Access to GE’s open reporting and ombuds systemSELECTED MEMBERSHIPS Participant in the UN Global Compact Founding member of the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights Member of the Institute for Human Rights and Business’ initiative, Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment Member of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) Board member, Center for Climate and Energy Solutions Member, World Business Council for Sustainable Development Member, The Global FightREGULATORS GOVERNMENT AGENCIES Pursuit of honest broker relationships with government stakeholders to promote collaborative, win win outcomes on sustainability and environmental issues Strong partnership on domestic and global stage in pursuit of climate change and sustainability goals and policies Commitment to regulatory compliance and strong performance Engagement to support decision makers in sustainability goals, including climate change and decarbonization For details on GE activities and partnerships in support of government goals and climate change policies, see pages 89 96.

The energy transition and the future of flight are critical challenges facing our world, and GE has a meaningful role to play in providing global solutions for each.

Over the last several years, as we considered opportunities and risks across our businesses and industries, we have sharpened and standardized our focus on the external dynamics including markets, customers, competitors and changes in the regulatory environment that form the context of our strategic decisions.

And in the spirit of kaizen continuous improvement our standardized strategy and risk processes force us to regularly revisit our assumptions and processes so we can adapt as our internal and external environments change.

In a world where we will never have perfect information or complete control, our strengthened programs and processes are designed so the company makes decisions in a structured, objective manner, and with an appropriate view for the long term.

Sustainability is integrated with strategy development and risk management across the company.

GE’s sustainability lens is used to focus on operations and priorities within each business, and cross functional committees and teams at the leadership level align strategic priorities and culture.

GE’s Enterprise Risk Management Framework Our enterprise risk management framework informs the process for long term strategy reviews that each business undertakes annually.

Operationally, this framework also informs our delegations of authority and commercial underwriting, which take into account a range of risks such as strategic alignment, supply chain, inflation, cybersecurity, and country and counterparty risk.

Our businesses all assess their top risks against a consistent framework each quarter.

The process also requires the business to identify owners at each stage of the process, instilling business ownership throughout the risk assessment process.

At the corporate level, the Corporate Risk Working Group a small group of key functional leaders, as well as the Chief Risk Officer meets quarterly to assess enterprise wide risks as well.

The Audit Committee oversees GE’s enterprise risk management framework and receives a quarterly enterprise risk report from the Chief Risk Officer.

GE business leaders also periodically review their risk management programs and top risks with the Audit Committee, and it is the business CEOs rather than a compliance or legal professional who lead discussions with the Audit Committee to provide strong business accountability for risk management.

In addition, each business CEO meets regularly with the Board to review their strategies and operations.

Our Governance Principles and committee charters define the risk areas for which each committee has ongoing oversight responsibility, while the Board, as a whole, focuses on the most significant risks facing the company.

We periodically review a range of actual and projected metrics in assessing these types of risks and opportunities, including new unit equipment sales, power generation by asset type, levelized cost of energy, levelized cost of storage, fuel prices (including natural gas and hydrogen), pricing for mandatory and voluntary carbon offsets or credits, and internal and external modeling.

Our consideration of top climate related risks and opportunities also feeds into our annual long term strategy review process, during which our businesses evaluate a handful of key questions related to their long term strategies.

In our strategy development, we seek to build on GE’s strengths in both innovating technologies and solutions to continue driving the global energy transition and creating resilience in our businesses’ strategies to adapt to potential transition risks from the range of potential pathways for decarbonization and other factors that could significantly affect GE’s approach in the decades ahead.

We seek to continuously improve our processes to identify, assess and respond to these types of climate related opportunities and risks, as this remains central to the strategy for our businesses.

Operationalizing and Improving GE’s Sustainability Efforts Through the Sustainability Council In 2021, GE made a further organizational commitment to elevate its broader sustainability strategy with the appointment of GE’s first Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO).

This position coordinates efforts by our business leaders, engineers and strategic thinkers to ensure we improve our impacts to our communities, people and planet in measurable and meaningful ways.

The CSO also supports efforts for GE’s technology and innovation to address the pressing global challenges addressed in this report.

The CSO also coordinates efforts to operationalize GE’s sustainability efforts by approaching sustainability with the same high expectations of rigor and accountability that we use to run our businesses, using lean principles and, as described in more detail in this report, continuously improving toward our goals.

Starting in 2021, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer convened a business wide Sustainability Council staffed by each GE business and corporate function.

Ensuring progress toward delivering on GE’s sustainability commitments.

Improving and installing operational programs to address gaps in GE’s sustainability programs.

Building strong and independent ESG programs and operations for each business prior to their separation from GE so that sustainability is core to the new businesses on day one.

The Sustainability Council partners with a diverse range of external stakeholders to deliver on our commitments, improve our programs and prepare for the separation.

These efforts and progress are reflected in this report.

Beyond the Sustainability Council, sustainability at GE is the ultimate team effort, with GE’s employees united in realizing the success of our mission.

In 2021, GE engaged in an ESG issues assessment with our internal and external stakeholders for GE and the Aerospace, HealthCare, Power and Renewable Energy businesses.

The results of these assessments are helping to guide ESG and sustainability priorities and strategies with the benefit of input from our employees, customers, investors, NGOs and other stakeholders, and provided an overarching blueprint on how our priorities aligned with our stakeholders’ expectations.

To build upon this work in 2022, each business provided a quarterly update on progress toward greenhouse gas Scope 1 and 2 reduction goals, detailed on pages 87 88, and ongoing progress on innovating the technology toward Scope 3 goals, detailed on pages 32 35 and 44 47.

We further analyzed changes in voluntary ESG frameworks and standards and our stakeholders’ expectations.

Based on this analysis, our 2022 ESG issues prioritization remains the same as in 2021, with improved operations and programs, as described below, to position the businesses for leadership on these core topics on day one of their independent operations.

GE conducted an assessment to develop a list of priority topics deemed relevant for sustainability strategy for each business unit, followed by interviews with internal and external stakeholders to validate and prioritize topics.

Based on the insights gained, an ESG issues matrix was developed and the final list of high priority topics was reviewed against GE reports to identify potential gaps and provide recommendations for future reporting.

Across four business units, inclusive of corporate, GE used a combination of internal and external research to develop a list of initial topics deemed most impactful on its ESG strategy in 2021.

This included, but was not limited to, the assessment of over 20 peer reports and analysis of key topics from frameworks and standards for eight different industries.

Interviews with nearly 80 relevant internal and external stakeholders were used to refine and validate the initial topics.

Previous internal ESG risk assessments (e.g., climate risks).

Investor customer employee presentations SEC filings, other public disclosures.

Overall business strategy plans and goals targets (e.g., product design, human capital commitments, long range financial budgets).

Customer, employee, activist and regulator feedback obtained.

Criteria assessed by external ESG raters (e.g., MSCI,.

Leading sustainability reporting frameworks (e.g., SASB,.

GE Vernova Operating in the same market and ecosystem, there is an unsurprising overlap between the most impactful ESG issues identified by the stakeholders of GE’s Power and Renewable Energy businesses, which will become part of GE Vernova.

Climate change remains a core issue to address across the Energy portfolio, and the businesses have a strong position to build from, both operationally and through products and strategy as they join forces as part of one leading energy company to tackle the world’s biggest challenge.

The ESG issues assessment also confirmed the existing strong emphasis on governance and ethics, and protecting and supporting employees’ safety and well being, are fundamental for the path forward.

The ESG issue topics in the following matrices represent the most impactful ESG topics to GE businesses from the full universe of ESG topics.

Our stakeholders care deeply about how we do that and highlight in their feedback that our emphasis on product design and lifecycle management, as well as product quality and safety, are critical to prioritize across the Renewable Energy and Power businesses.

With the evolution of a combined energy business portfolio, we look forward to the opportunity to take a more holistic approach to further strengthen programs in those areas, completely aligning with our ambition to advance our leading role in the energy transition.

GE Aerospace Climate change, governance and ethics, and product quality and safety were the top issues identified by both internal and external stakeholders of GE Aerospace.

This strong alignment is not a surprise given the nature of our business and the critical contribution of each element to safe and more sustainable flight.

Our commitment to each of these areas can be seen through our current activities.

As an example, our commitment to climate change is clearly demonstrated in our commercial portfolio renewal (see page 37), efforts supporting Sustainable Aviation Fuel (see page 38) and our focus on innovative breakthrough technologies (see page 40).

This assessment also confirmed our efforts focused on employee safety and well being, data security, product design and lifecycle management (see page 97), talent management and engagement, and inclusion and diversity (see page 72) are indeed core to our continued success.

We have made much progress in each of these areas and remain committed to continuing to strengthen and expand our efforts to accelerate the pace of change in our business.

Corporate The GE Corporate assessment reinforces that GE’s success on its climate change goals instilling a culture of ethics and compliance, and its safety focus are top priorities internally and externally where we must lead for success.

As described above, we are taking stronger steps to communicate our commitment to product safety and quality, and to advance our programs on product stewardship.

We share our stakeholders’ interests in securing the highest standards on human rights and a strong priority of diversity and inclusion.

Our separate reports detail our efforts and initiatives.

Supply Chain Management l s r e d o h e k a t o t t n a t r o p m.

One of the 15 control centers where kaizen participants gathered to dig into the problem of missed deadlines at Avio Aero’s plant in Pomigliano d’Arco, Italy (photo credit: Avio Aero).

Lean continues to be the way we run our businesses and it is becoming more deeply embedded across the organization.

A lean mindset focuses on safety, quality, delivery and cost (SQDC) in that order and gives us the tools and instincts to make the right decisions and necessary trade offs.

By deeply embedding lean principles and tools, we are creating a problem solving culture, serving our customers better, and making progress on our pledge to achieve carbon neutrality in our own operations by 2030, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

Lean continues to generate new opportunities for sustained improvements and waste elimination.

Our teams from a variety of functions including environment, health, safety, quality, engineering and supply chain work together regularly with support from GE lean leaders to go to genba, or where the work is done, and drive process improvements to eliminate waste.

Our teams are able to problem solve at the point of impact, introduce standard work and integrate a more rigorous daily management cadence.

All of this work is helping us reduce our carbon footprint and emissions and be more efficient, all while delivering essential, life enhancing products quickly and efficiently.

GE employees are embracing the opportunity to get better every day with a continuous improvement mindset.

This mindset is the business philosophy incorporated into lean management that is at the core of GE’s culture and it’s evident across the work our employees do each day.

For example, at our GE Aerospace site in Greenville, South Carolina, our team performs complex machining operations and detailed inspections on high pressure turbine blades.

With a clear focus on reducing blade delivery lead time, the team knew they could deliver better results, driving them to create standard lines, which in turn improved part flow.

This has reduced lead time by more than 10 days, with a clear target for more reduction to come, improving our operations for our customers and reducing inventory.

Going to genba at GE Aerospace in Hooksett, New Hampshire.

Developing a lean mindset takes many years, but we are gaining ground removing the waste that holds us back to allow for real breakthroughs.

Workers at GE Aerospace’s Lafayette, Indiana, jet engine manufacturing plant were facing a problem.

In the CFM International LEAP2 engine’s compressor module assembly, technicians had to hand start 48 nuts using only a quarter inch socket extension and with limited visibility.

This is a tedious process that forced technicians to use repetitive wrist and hand movements.

A cross functional team used lean to come up with a creative solution.

They developed computer aided design software to draw up a prototype of a gear driven socket wrench, borrowing on a gear and belt concept from another tool in use at the plant.

The technicians added a small mirror to the wrench, which would allow them to see into the blind flange of the module and ensure that a nut is installed.

The newly designed tool also allowed them to keep their arms, wrists and shoulders in a more neutral position.

The new nut assembly tool not only improved operations, it eliminated ergonomic risk factors and prevented injuries.

At our Gas Power facility in Schenectady, New York, the GE team builds and services steam turbines and generators for customers around the world.

Compressed air is used to power pneumatic motors and other machines that help keep numerous assembly lines and shops running smoothly.

However, the largest building on campus, at 1.1 million square feet, was releasing compressed air, and finding the leak in that vast amount of space was no simple task.

The team went to genba to identify the source a powerful air dryer used to keep generator parts dry was malfunctioning.

It was purging air at an abnormally high rate, which was wasting compressed air and electricity.

The team examined and immediately adjusted the regeneration cycle and consulted experts to replace controls and reprogram the unit.

With these improvements, the team expects to lower the building’s energy usage as well as electricity costs.

The Schenectady Facilities Operations team does not plan to stop here.

They intend to install meters to monitor the air system and find leaks quickly while also identifying other opportunities to reduce energy consumption.

The GE Grid Solutions Advanced Manufacturing Facility in Clearwater, Florida, is helping lead a new era of energy by helping to build a cleaner, better future.

With hundreds of employees across various buildings, workstations and offices in the 190,000 square foot facility, the sheer scale and complexity of the plant made it difficult to identify production line inefficiencies, understand root causes and eliminate them.

Clearwater’s managers and operators participated in a weeklong kaizen to identify waste and safety risks on shop floors and to address and implement countermeasures to prevent both from reoccurring.

Through genba walks, the team drew up charts that broke down the manufacturing process into individual steps.

Through this, they discovered the production time for a specific power sensing component was unexpectedly long, and operators working this line were overly fatigued, causing safety concerns.

Working together, employees made a series of fixes, small and large including repositioning workstations, machines and tools to cut out the unnecessary waste, and adding hands free soldering irons and special safety curtains.

These changes provided employees with a clearer line of sight into the day to day production flow and output, lowered operational costs and improved safety.

With more than 1,000 employees, Avio Aero’s plant in Pomigliano d’Arco, Italy, provides airfoil and combustor manufacturing and component repair and overhaul services.

Pomigliano d’Arco was a flourishing plant, but the pace of production masked problems like missed deadlines.

To troubleshoot, the team held a kaizen which translated from Japanese means to change for the better.

Site operators, manufacturing specialists, managers and business leaders participating in the kaizen drew maps of the site’s problem solving processes on a whiteboard, which revealed the main cause of the missed deadlines cumbersome processes to escalate and eliminate issues on the shop floor.

The Avio Aero team instituted new procedures, which eliminated nearly all the delays, down from around half of all orders just two years earlier.

It is estimated more than 2,000 supply chain issues have been eliminated over the past two years.

Consequently, delinquencies have plummeted and the site is in the 90 100% range in terms of on time delivery, which promises an uptick in customer satisfaction levels.

LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Safety, quality, delivery and cost (SQDC) in that order help us deliver for our customers and build a world that works.

These are not simply four metrics we are regularly reporting on, but instead are our desired set of shared instincts.

At no point will an improvement in quality, delivery or cost be done at the expense of safety.

All of the GE businesses are committed to creating safe and effective products that meet the needs of our customers and are doing this through continuously working to improve product quality.

By deeply embedding lean principles and tools, we are creating a problem solving culture and serving our customers better.

At our GE Aerospace site in Greenville, South Carolina, our team performs complex machining operations and detailed inspections on high pressure turbine blades.

With a clear focus on reducing blade delivery lead time, the team created standard lines, which in turn improved part flow.

This has reduced lead time by more than 10 days, with a clear target for more reduction to come, improving our operations for our customers and reducing inventory.

This is just one of the countless examples of effective utilization of lean across GE.

Our progress on these priorities has made our foundation strong enough to launch three companies.

More than a year after this announcement, the logic behind and our conviction in our historic transformation has only strengthened.

Along the way, the feedback from our customers, investors, employees and other stakeholders has been overwhelmingly positive.

Read how lean is making an impact and changing the way each of our businesses work for the better.

GE Vernova: Product Safety and Quality Safety and quality are paramount in the design, manufacturing, testing, servicing and monitoring of our energy products around the world.

Our Product Safety Quality Management System procedure explains the process for internally reporting, resolving, closing and documenting product safety concerns and product safety issues.

It provides the overall product safety framework for GE’s energy portfolio and aims to eliminate unreasonable safety risks.

The procedure aligns to GE’s Corporate Environment, Health and Safety policy and is underpinned by internal standards and industry frameworks such as International Organization for Standardization (ISO), American National Standards Institute (ANSI), International Electrotechnical Commission (IEC), Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE) and, in some cases, U.S. military standards.

In addition, we follow internationally accepted hazard assessment principles and tools, as well as risk assessment and risk mitigation techniques.

An example of how the quality management and safety policies work in practice is the requirement for reviewing human factors and EHS for all new designs of products and services.

Engineers partner with their counterparts in EHS, field services and manufacturing to consider the EHS impacts as well as aspects of serviceability and maintainability of the equipment throughout the product lifecycle.

These additional considerations include factors that could potentially influence human performance in the field and impact, for instance, the design of equipment with regard to ergonomics and work station layout, work procedures, training, and communication or coordination of work activities.

At our Wind businesses, the safety of our products, and the people who install and maintain them, is a top priority.

All our employees and contractors are empowered to stop work when something appears to be unsafe.

The businesses are on a journey to build a world class safety culture and work in different ways at all levels to ensure employees have the ability and skills to proactively identify future safety risks and develop plans to continue to better integrate safety into our daily work.

Our Onshore Wind business launched two programs geared toward collaborative and practical safe product design, Touch the Turbine and Safety by Design.

The Touch the Turbine program aims to enhance turbine field knowledge and awareness for design engineers.

By giving more field experiences to engineers, we expect to increase their awareness about the risks that design features and rules can potentially present for the field teams and, in the long term, reduce the injury and illness rate.

We are connecting the dots between field teams and engineering with the intent to put human factors back into our design processes, which is key to ensuring the quality of our products and the safety of all team members working in the field.

The Safety by Design program’s purpose is to reduce injury and illness rates attributable to product design by proposing continuous improvement of turbine design, in addition to the engineering safety proactive and reactive processes.

The program is proposing design changes based on ergonomics, safety and human factors recommendations, as well as the improvement of internal design guidelines.

Additionally, GE is represented as Chair of the Global Wind Organization (GWO).

GWO is a non profit body founded by globally leading wind turbine manufacturers and owners.

Members strive for an injury free work environment in the wind turbine industry, setting common international standards for safety training and emergency procedures.

Our Gas Power business has established product safety procedures that apply to all Gas Power business entities, products and services to eliminate unreasonable safety risks.

General requirements include assuring prompt actions addressing product safety issues, a Product Safety Review Board (PSRB) to oversee the effectiveness of the product safety process, organizations responsible for product design engineering and plant engineering establishment of a Safety Program Management Team (SPMT).

Organizations complete a product safety review for Gas Power designed products to identify inherent hazards of the system, hazard control measures and risk for harm to occur.

These reviews are documented in the SAFER database, facilitated by a product safety engineer and reviewed by a chief consulting engineer or designated controlled title holder.

To detect product safety concerns for post shipment and installed base equipment, organizations with product service responsibilities establish a process for communicating with Product Safety Engineering any product safety concerns related to Gas Power products and services.

The SPMT determines if the concern is a valid product safety issue.

For any safety event, the issue is recorded in the SAFER database, actions necessary to resolve the issue are determined, and the issue is tracked to resolution.

In 2021, our Onshore and Offshore Wind businesses launched their Root Cause Analysis Quality Suite, a simplified, standardized and digital approach for root cause analysis allowing us to record and manage the process to correct, identify and remove recurring issues.

We are launching a new Supplier Quality Management Board and a training webinar to improve quality across Renewable Energy.

At our Gas Power business, the Quality Management System (QMS) meets all ISO 9001 Standard requirements and is designed to deliver products and services that meet our customers’ expectations.

We protect our customers through a culture that accepts no defects, creates no defects, passes no defects.

We deliver with focus, using standard work and lean for quality.

We comply with all applicable requirements and regulations.

We protect our customers both internal and external by developing a risk based change management program to identify and mitigate potential nonconformances.

We partner with our suppliers and empower our employees to innovate, solve problems rapidly with rigor and perform quality stop work when needed to protect our customers.

We deliver products and services right the first time, every time.

We continuously improve our processes and systems leveraging past lessons and implementing sustainably.

By keeping laser focus on the customer, meeting our QMS requirements and the four pillars as our true north, while leveraging our lean approach to driving transformational improvements, we will significantly decrease our quality escapes, defects and customer events, not only improving customer experience but also reducing CoPQ (scrap, rework, warranty costs), enabling quality as a competitive advantage driving profitable growth.

We continue to strengthen our Stop Work Program by leveraging the safety behaviors into quality.

At LM Wind Power, safety is our priority and this commitment to ensuring safety led us to eliminate the use of acetone at all manufacturing and testing facilities, laboratories and service departments worldwide.

Acetone has excellent cleaning performance and was used during various stages of the blade production process.

After careful research and evaluation with favorable outcomes, dibasic ester (DBE), a non flammable, readily biodegradable and non corrosive chemical was selected as a replacement and a full scale rollout followed across the company.

Now, acetone is fully substituted and the environment in the facilities has improved significantly.

GE has quickly innovated in the fast growing onshore wind industry, introducing larger turbines to provide leading performance for customers worldwide.

However, like much of the industry, such rapid innovation strains manufacturing and the broader supply chain.

In October 2022, we announced we’re simplifying and standardizing our onshore wind portfolio into what we call workhorse products, so we and our suppliers can implement more repeatable manufacturing processes, and thereby enhance product quality and reduce cost.

In our existing fleet, we’re deploying corrective measures, enhancements, and monitor and repair programs to improve fleet availability.

We expect to implement the corrective measures over the next couple of years.

With fleet availability as our true north, we’ll continue to be a leader and deliver for our customers.

GE Aerospace: Product Safety and Quality GE Aerospace has a strong product safety focus, including a voluntary Safety Management System (SMS) aligned with the UN’s International Civil Aviation Organization (ICAO) SMS framework.

GE’s SMS was assessed and accepted by the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) in December 2017 the first such acceptance granted by the FAA for a design and manufacturing company.

Internally, GE Aerospace has an open reporting system that provides multiple paths to raise safety concerns backed by a Safety Program Management Team (SPMT) structure that ensures each and every potential safety concern is fully reviewed.

Every product has a dedicated SPMT tasked with adjudicating potential safety concerns spanning all aspects of our products, including manufacturing, field performance, and maintenance and repair.

Embedding top down commitment to safety in policies and review rhythms.

Creating a positive safety culture in the workforce through training, education and awareness.

Executing independent risk assessments per approved FAA process.

Validating effectiveness of risk control strategies in design, manufacturing, quality and product performance.

GE Aerospace’s safety commitment is further strengthened through its organizational structure that ensures the independence of the engineering organization.

Product oriented engineering teams are separated from the engine product teams.

Additionally, the Chief Engineer’s Office serves as both a technical resource and an independent technical audit function.

Externally, GE Aerospace is recognized as a safety thought leader through partnering with regulators, other manufacturers and key industry associations to develop strategies for enhancing overall propulsion safety and risk management approaches.

Each new engine type developed by GE Aerospace is subjected to rigorous testing throughout the development and certification process.

GE Aerospace has developed unique testing capability at the part, module and product levels to ensure new technology we bring to the market meets and exceeds all safety requirements.

Our engine testing facilities have the capability to perform rain and hail storm, engine icing and other extreme tests.

Our 747 flying test bed aircraft provides the unique opportunity to flight test engines under a wide range of conditions, combined with the ability to gather real time data via specialized instrumentation.

GE Aerospace operates based on the guiding principle of safety first, quality always.

This principle is embedded in all of our operational rhythms and manufacturing systems.

All new aircraft engine component parts are manufactured under a quality system approved by the FAA and certified to meet the most current aviation industry standards in AS9100D.

As part of our quality focus, GE Aerospace launched a Quality Excellence Program to build domain expertise that is unique to the aviation industry through a combination of training, application and certification, and controlled title holder (CTH) experts.

Customized training including Root Cause Corrective Actions (RCCA), Process Failure Modes and Effects Analysis (PFMEA), Advanced Product Quality Planning and Six Sigma.

Create a zero defect culture by setting processes right on day one and managing change using an advanced product quality planning (APQP) toolkit.

Measure and mitigate risk using predictive quality analytics (PQA) by focusing on leading indicators to impact voice of the customer.

Grow our people through a Quality Excellence Program (QEP) with a.

Participants move from learners to leaders as they assume leadership roles in projects building on their training and perform product audits.

Following completion of Level I training and a portfolio of Level II projects, candidates are eligible for QEP certification after a rigorous review process.

Subject matter expert candidates are nominated through our technical talent review process for specific quality domain expertise areas such as manufacturing, regulatory compliance and quality systems.

These individuals, following specialized mentoring and demonstrated broad project leadership, comprise our Quality CTH network and lead training, coaching and consulting across the organization.

This is reflected in our three Leadership Behaviors act with humility, lead with transparency and deliver with focus always with unyielding integrity.

These behaviors, along with our employee code of conduct, The Spirit The Letter, set the foundation for our compliance program, where we expect our leaders and all our employees to personally drive a culture of integrity everywhere we do business.

Leadership Behaviors GE’s Leadership Behaviors form the foundation of our culture.

For us at GE, these are more than just words they are changing the way we work and signify a meaningful shift in our culture.

These Leadership Behaviors are instrumental in driving engagement throughout our businesses, particularly related to lean.

Transparency makes us call it like we see it, highlighting the good and the bad in equal measure.

We embrace a culture of respect which values inclusive teams and diverse perspectives.

We embrace candor, saying what we think, not what people want to hear.

We share information so we can external sources. solve problems.

We learn from our shortcomings as much as we celebrate our wins.

We contribute to each other’s development in a constructive way.

Humility to me is all about thinking that the other person is also essential to your success, regardless of their level in the organization.

When we truly treat others with respect, actively listen to them and ask for help when needed, we strengthen teamwork and allow people to feel cared about and important.

Learning is critical to our success individually and as an organization.

Both sides of transparency, willingness to candidly share information and creating an environment where information flows without fear, enable us to learn, grow and improve our performance.

Focus helps us prioritize what we will and will not do.

We measure performance through the lens of our customers.

We are committed to continuous improvement always in search of a better way.

Safety and delivery are first principle requirements.

Our focus is on including quality and cost, with the same intensity, in the success equation to bring long term value to our customers and markets served.

Culture Survey In the first quarter of 2023, we conducted our third annual enterprise wide culture survey to gauge our progress on our Leadership Behaviors, as well as areas such as integrity, safety and lean.

While there was expected variability in the results among our businesses related to certain topics, a company wide view of trends confirmed GE’s strong foundation in compliance efforts.

In addition, safety questions scored high again this year, yet we are focused on driving further action so our front line feels as strongly about our safety efforts as the overall company, including management as described on pages 82 84.

Employees identified progress on personal and career growth, while candor and transparency remain areas of opportunity.

We believe listening and gaining these insights drive improvement, in both our business and our culture.

This year again, the survey reflected improvements in the results on diversity and inclusion, underscoring our leadership commitment to both.

The Spirit The Letter Our integrity anchor is our robust employee code of conduct, The Spirit The Letter (S L).

As the name suggests, this code of conduct is intended to hold our employees to a higher standard above and beyond simply following the letter of the law.

We expect our employees and our Board of Directors to comply with the spirit of these policies and our company values.

Available for download in 21 languages, the S L sets forth core employee and manager integrity expectations and summarizes our key company wide compliance policies.

At GE, salaried employees are expected to affirm their commitment to abide by the S L by completing The Spirit The Letter Acknowledgement at the time of hiring and then again every year subject to local labor law restrictions.

In 2022, 99% of eligible employees completed The Spirit The Letter Acknowledgement.

GE also requires its third parties including distributors, suppliers, agents and partners to comply with relevant aspects of the S L and, as necessary, will educate those third parties about applicable policy requirements.

The S L and its accompanying policies address the full spectrum of integrity and compliance issues across GE’s global value chain.

In 2021, GE published its latest version of the S L. In response to an evolving workforce, we designed the latest S L to be easy for different learners and workers to digest on any device.

Accordingly, we made the S L available both for downloading as well as for interactive, mobile friendly browsing.

The interactive version is directly accessible to employees through our GE Integrity Mobile App and includes embedded links to key policies, resources and videos for compliance help on the go.

Within the S L framework, there are 19 core policies to help employees perform their jobs and navigate key regulatory areas under compliance.

As these policies are intended for our entire employee population, we most recently updated all polices in 2021 to be simpler, principle based, and easier to understand and follow.

Our policies adopt a practical layout for efficient navigation.

Our commitment to integrity and open reporting serves as the foundation for GE to deliver on its other commitments and to help build a world that works.

What to Know states GE’s commitments in the specific policy area.

Read Our Respectful Workplace Policy and provides helpful context on why the policy matters.

How to Comply covers the specific role and responsibilities employees need to follow to be compliant with GE’s expectations.

Get Help lists valuable, relevant resources for additional guidance on the policy topic and information on how to raise concerns.

Key terms in the policies are captured in a dedicated definitions section, and all policies contain information on where to go for additional assistance.

These policies are augmented by 22 Enterprise Standards, which set forth the core programmatic expectations for the businesses in all of our significant compliance risk areas.

Each Enterprise Standard defines the specific risks businesses must document and address, outlines auditable controls, and requires, among other things, that the businesses have appropriate mechanisms in place to monitor those controls.

We periodically refresh our policies and Enterprise Standards as necessary and appropriate, including to incorporate lessons learned and findings from investigations and internal audits.

Vicki Lungford servicing a 7HA.03 gas turbine in South Carolina.

GE’s Ethics Compliance program focuses on prevention, detection and response.

It begins with GE leadership’s personal engagement on integrity.

GE leaders across the businesses personally drive a culture of integrity everywhere GE operates by leading by example, incentivizing compliance and promoting open reporting.

This culture is supported by a robust Ethics Compliance program.

To ensure the program is evolving as new risks emerge, GE relies on a team of legal and functional experts to help us stay ahead of significant compliance risks and a changing regulatory landscape.

Each GE business uses a focused training and communications plan to educate employees about the risks that are associated with their work.

With a broad, global workforce across multiple business segments, plus changing workforce demographics and modes of communication, the GE program requires constant reinvention and customization by each GE business to stay relevant.

Salaried new hires across all GE businesses receive a streamlined basic compliance training course.

Additional training on key risk areas is provided to targeted employee groups based on risk.

Each GE business also reinforces these learnings through a variety of communications, including leadership messages, newsletters, integrity campaigns, videos, infographics and embedded messaging within various digital tools.

We invest in refreshed content on an ongoing basis, and business training and communication plans are adjusted annually based on the output of our enterprise compliance risk assessment.

Voice of Integrity: Open Reporting Open reporting is a cornerstone of GE’s commitment to integrity.

Every employee is responsible for integrity, and GE expects its leaders to foster an environment in which employees are encouraged to raise integrity concerns without fear of retaliation.

Employees serve as the best line of defense for the early detection of potential issues, and open reporting activity is one of the best indicators of a culture of integrity and employee engagement on compliance priorities.

GE manages employee concern reporting through its Global Open Reporting Ombuds program.

Under the program, employees are required to submit concerns regarding potential violations of law, regulation or GE policy through one of the available open reporting channels, including managers, human resources, legal, compliance, internal audit, ombuds and anonymously through webform.

The program serves as a safe forum for whistleblowers GE understands it can be difficult for some employees to come forward with their concerns and the anonymous reporting channel is a critical pillar of the open reporting program.

Each business has at least one full time ombudsperson and, in addition, a network of part time employees across the globe to whom concerns can be raised.

In 2022, 2,288 concerns were raised, 2,160 of which were closed, with the remaining cases pending due to ongoing investigations and further review.

GE fully examines every integrity concern raised and takes necessary remedial actions where appropriate.

Forms an independent and objective investigation team.

Obtains the facts through interviews and or reviews of documents.

Reaches conclusions, whenever possible, from the facts the team is able to obtain.

Provides the person who raised the original concern (if that person is known) with feedback on the outcome, while maintaining the confidentiality and privacy of all involved to the extent possible.

Certain cases are treated with special care depending on the individuals or content involved.

Concerns related to senior executives or company officers must be escalated, as must be any complaint that could materially impact financial reporting or controls, or that relate to federal securities law matters.

Finally, the Significant Cases Committee (SCC) is responsible for performing monthly reviews of high risk open reporting investigations across the company.

The members of the SCC include the Chief Audit Executive and Vice President of Compliance and Global Investigations.

The SCC reviews the significant case criteria annually to ensure both internal and external risks are considered.

GE measures the strength of its open reporting program using a number of metrics, which are reviewed at least monthly throughout the year.

The program tracks the average number of days it takes to close each investigation raised through open reporting, targeting resolution within 60 days of being reported.

Businesses are required to escalate to the SCC any cases open for longer than 90 days that come through open reporting channels.

The program also measures cases per 1,000 employees, which enables year over year comparisons within and across businesses, and enables us to control for any headcount changes.

In addition, we track confirmation and anonymity rates, which are important to understand the health of our program.

Retaliation for raising a concern or for participating in an integrity investigation is strictly prohibited, and violations are dealt with seriously and swiftly, up to and including termination.

Compliance Risk Mitigation GE’s Ethics Compliance team runs an annual assessment that focuses on evaluating the inherent risks and the strength of our internal controls across all our businesses.

The assessment process asks each business to benchmark its own compliance programs against The Spirit The Letter policies, which the Ethics Compliance team includes in an overall assessment as to how GE performs in each key policy area.

Insights from this process are used in many aspects of the compliance program including identifying additional training needs, control improvements and other areas that may need remediation efforts.

The compliance risk assessment also feeds into the GE Enterprise Risk Management process, as appropriate.

Aaron Ruth and Aric Nutter at Long Ridge Energy in Hannibal, Ohio.

Compliance Governance GE has a rigorous compliance governance process, both at a corporate and business level.

Each business holds a quarterly review board meeting, which is attended by the most senior business leaders, including the CEO, during which their risk assessment, mitigation efforts and other compliance issues are discussed.

Additionally, each business meets with the company’s Chief Compliance Officer twice per year to discuss its risk assessment, any program weaknesses or enhancements, and any compliance trends, and reports its most significant enterprise risks and compliance issues to the Audit Committee on an annual basis.

At a corporate level, the Chief Compliance Officer holds two to three meetings per year with the company’s most senior officers to discuss significant program updates, open reporting trends, significant investigations and business updates on key risk areas.

In addition, the Chief Compliance Officer and Vice President of Compliance and Global Investigations report on the same issues to the Audit Committee regularly.

GE has long taken a leading role in pushing for transparency and integrity in the global marketplace.

Our stance against improper payments in business transactions is a key element of our compliance program and represents a core belief in how we do business.

In short, GE prohibits bribery in all business dealings, in every country around the world, with both governments and private sector.

This prohibition applies to GE employees, as well as external parties who work for or represent GE.

We maintain strong controls aimed at preventing and detecting bribery.

GE’s approach to compliance in this critical area is multifaceted.

Corporate policies and procedures that reflect the company’s approach by prohibiting improper payments in every transaction, whether with a government or with a private party.

Extensive controls, including thorough due diligence, careful screening and training on GE policies for third party intermediaries such as distributors, service providers, and commercial agents and representatives.

Heightened attention to key risk areas such as gifts and entertainment, travel and living expenses, donations and facilitating payments.

Prompt investigation and remediation of any concerns.

Extensive training of GE employees on improper payments.

Robust internal controls and accounting processes designed to detect and prevent violations of company policy relating to improper payment risks and to ensure accurate books and records relating to transactions.

Increased emphasis and enhanced due diligence concerning improper risk associated with mergers, acquisitions and joint ventures.

Specific expectations of suppliers regarding lawful business practices and anti corruption can be found in the GE Integrity Guide for Suppliers, Contractors and Consultants.

Greater attention is being paid to the effectiveness of corporate compliance programs in preventing improper payments.

The Justice Department and the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) have issued a resource guide on the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (FCPA) that endorses a strong compliance program.

Bribery Act, the Clean Company Act in Brazil, the Sapin II Law in France, the 231 Decree in Italy and the U.S.

Sentencing Guidelines similarly highlight the need for a strong program.

As part of the compliance program at GE, operating with a strong anti corruption program is a critical component in how we do business.

GE is committed to protecting information about our employees, customers, suppliers and company, as well as the technology resources GE provides to our employees and contractors.

We have adopted a defense in depth approach, in which multiple layers of security controls are placed throughout our systems, and a security by design approach to build security into our products, both of which enable GE to proactively protect against and respond to a dynamic cyber threat landscape.

As such, GE has implemented detailed cybersecurity and information protection policies.

GE’s Cybersecurity Framework At GE, ensuring the security of our information, systems, products, and network is, and always will be, a top priority.

GE has adopted the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework and International Organization for Standardization 27001 Framework as the basis for our cybersecurity controls framework.

Each cyber function identify, protect, detect, respond and recover is managed by defined governance, risk assessment, control implementation, and control effectiveness monitoring and metrics.

GE has implemented a layered defense approach to security, which combines multiple mitigating security controls to protect our resources and information and improve our cyber resiliency.

Our central cybersecurity framework reaches our shared services operations and the businesses to optimize our protection based on industry specific requirements.

We devote substantial resources to maintaining an information technology infrastructure that implements physical, administrative and technical controls designed to protect information stored on GE’s networks, including customer information, personal information, intellectual property and proprietary information.

Information that could result in a significant harm to GE if lost, or intentionally or accidentally misused, is subject to enhanced security controls.

GE’s most sensitive information is identified and included within the scope of GE’s crown jewel program through an annual review and analysis of GE’s critical business information and programs.

In addition, we have committed resources and implemented processes to more effectively prevent, detect and respond to cyber threats.

GE’s central cyber crisis management team exercises, tests and continually improves our cyber crisis management plan through rigorous tabletops and simulations at the enterprise and business levels.

Working with GE legal, communications, privacy and compliance teams, the central cyber crisis management team also addresses any security concerns or incidents that could present an enterprise risk to GE, which includes third party supplier incidents.

These measures reflect GE’s long term commitment to protecting our employees, serving our customers and preserving shareholder value.

Despite these measures, GE may not be able to successfully prevent or defend against all cyber related attacks.

GE’s approach to product cybersecurity includes lifecycle management, vulnerability management, customer notifications, incident response, issuing security bulletins and advisories, and a dedicated channel for receiving and responding to vulnerability reports.

We have also developed secure development lifecycle design practices to secure our software designs and connected products.

Protecting GE’s Digital Ecosystem The increasing degree of interconnectedness among companies and their affiliates, partners, suppliers and customers underscores the need for companies to evaluate cybersecurity threats not only to their own internal networks, but also to the larger ecosystem in which they operate.

We understand that protecting the confidentiality, integrity and availability of information on GE’s network necessarily extends to business partners who are afforded access to such information.

GE contractually requires its suppliers to appropriately secure and maintain their information technology systems and protect GE’s information on their systems.

GE performs security assessments on certain suppliers based on a risk assessment and rating process performed by GE’s cyber team.

Higher risk suppliers are subject to more frequent reassessments and on site assessments.

GE understands our employees serve an important role in helping to safeguard GE’s information and systems.

At the enterprise level, we provide comprehensive security awareness training to help our employees understand their information protection and cybersecurity responsibilities at GE, identify phishes and other cyber threats, exercise vigilance and secure methods when sharing sensitive information with third parties, and practice good cyber hygiene in their personal lives and when using social media.

GE businesses provide additional training tailored to their customer requirements, regulatory obligations and industry risks.

We recognize technology and the nature of its threats and risks are changing, and GE will continue to evolve to meet those changes.

GE believes collaboration is important for effective cybersecurity solutions bringing together the best minds and the best ideas.

Global interconnectedness means that no one company or country operates alone.

We continuously seek to engage with regulators, customers, suppliers, employees and industry colleagues to improve cybersecurity collaboratively.

In addition, we engage in public private partnerships, such as information sharing and analysis centers, to share actionable cyber threat indicators.

These activities have resulted in improved capabilities that are quicker and more effective in responding to dynamic threats.

Will Moore working on data systems in South Carolina.

Cybersecurity Governance and Leadership at GE GE’s Global Chief Information Security Officer (CISO) is responsible for developing an information security program that enables business leaders to make risk decisions while protecting the business from security threats and risks.

This program is designed to protect GE’s products and information resources, and the information contained therein, including employee, customer and supplier information stored in GE’s systems.

The Global CISO works collaboratively with business unit CISOs to analyze cybersecurity and resiliency risks to GE consider industry trends implement controls, as appropriate, to mitigate these risks and enable business leaders to make risk based decisions.

As part of its oversight role, the Audit Committee of GE’s Board of Directors reviews GE’s practices and programs related to cybersecurity periodically throughout the year.

The Audit Committee is updated regularly on GE’s cyber threats and risk management strategy.

GE’s Global CISO meets on a recurring basis with our CEO and other senior leadership to review and discuss GE’s Cybersecurity program, including emerging cyber risks, threats and industry trends.

The business CISOs conduct business level reviews and discuss cyber related issues at regular meetings.

In addition, GE periodically engages third party cybersecurity companies to assess GE’s Cybersecurity program for maturity, effectiveness and consistency with prevailing industry standards and GE’s regulatory requirements, as well as test GE’s security posture.

GE’s Privacy Program GE employs privacy practices based upon its Privacy Enterprise Standard, which is designed to support its compliance with GE’s Privacy Commitment and applicable laws.

The GE privacy program includes the appointment of a Global Chief Privacy Officer and a network of privacy leaders, education and awareness programs, incident response protocols, audit routines, and a privacy by design approach to process and system development that incorporates privacy impact assessments.

The program also includes technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect personal information.

Supplier engagements provide for the processing of personal information in a manner consistent with the commitment and applicable law.

GE’s Privacy Commitment and APEC Certification GE’s Commitment to the Protection of Personal Information outlines standards applicable to its processing of personal information.

Limit the processing of personal information to the fulfillment of GE’s specific, legitimate purposes.

Limit the processing of personal information to that which is adequate, relevant and not excessive.

Take reasonable steps to ensure personal information is accurate and only retained for as long as necessary for the purposes for which it is collected.

Provide for the exercise of individual rights in relation to personal information processed by GE.

The commitment establishes the basis for cross border transfers within GE, including where operations adhere to relevant parts of the commitment as processors of personal information.

GE also maintains Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) Cross Border Privacy Rules (CBPR) and Privacy Recognition for Processors (PRP) certifications as granted by accountability agent TRUSTe.

GE respects the privacy rights of individuals and is committed to handling personal information responsibly, in accordance with applicable law, and GE’s Commitment to the Protection of Personal Information.

Advanced manufacturing at GE Aerosapce’s facility in Bromont, Canada.

GE’s success starts with its people, and we are committed to making sure our employees fulfill their potential.

GE’s people reflect the strengths of GE diversity, dedication and global perspectives, operating with the highest level of integrity and focus to fulfill GE’s mission and deliver for our stakeholders.

Our focus on building the best team requires regularly investing in the development of our people and ensuring the sustainability of talent and skills.

We continue to evaluate our benefit offerings to support our employees and their families.

In 2022, we continued to execute our new performance management system launched in 2021 People, Performance and Growth which is designed to help employees understand their performance against their priorities, as well as their demonstration of GE’s Leadership Behaviors.

This performance management system is driving greater responsibility for performance at an individual level.

Outcomes are directly linked to incentive compensation.

Our executive teams conduct regular assessments, including through business reviews, talent and performance, particularly in the context of critical roles, succession and business goals.

We also provide our employees with additional resources for training and strive to create a supportive work environment to help them manage professional and personal priorities.

GE’s U.S. Family Benefits, Including Fertility, Parental Leave and Child Care GE provides a variety of benefits to employees and their families, including several options of medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance, and retirement savings.

Specific to family planning and benefits, we also offer personalized guidance and resources through counselors and online services to help manage challenges, money and stress.

These counselors are also able to help employees navigate adoption, pregnancy and preparing for parenthood, childcare, parenting, coping with disability, aging and preparing for retirement.

Both full time and part time employees are offered an Adoption Assistance program that provides reimbursement for eligible adoption expenses.

Our parental leave includes up to eight weeks of disability for the delivery, plus additional paid leave of up to 10 weeks for maternity, paternity or adoption.

Full time salaried employees also receive permissive leave, which allows them to take time off when needed with no predefined limits.

On demand maternity RNs provide personalized advice, tools and resources to guide moms through pregnancy planning, post partum, infertility support, high risk pregnancy and premature birth, and resolution of benefits and claims issues.

In certain markets, GE negotiated arrangements provide an enhanced maternity benefit for delivery, inpatient hospital stays and routine prenatal care.

GE moms who are nursing and traveling for business within the U.S. ship milk back to their babies for free.

Moms can request milk storage and shipping kits to be sent to their location for use with their pump.

Milk is delivered back home and costs are covered by GE.

GE Vernova employee Michael Gray enjoying paternity leave with his son in Atlanta, Georgia.

Flexible Work Arrangements GE encourages flexible work arrangements that enable employees to individualize their schedules to maximize productivity.

Among the options GE offers are flex time and part time opportunities, job sharing, reduced hours, telecommuting and remote work.

Global Well Being While our employees are busy building a world that works, GE understands their personal well being is essential to that success.

HealthAhead has been GE’s Global Well being program since 2009.

Its mission is to support a culture that inspires and encourages GE employees and their families to optimize their health and well being and live a well balanced life.

We are constantly evolving and innovating to meet that mission on a global scale.

We carefully measure engagement and use metrics to inform strategies for future campaigns and activities.

We partner with GE businesses globally to deliver high value, sustainable resources and programs under the philosophy of plan global, act local to inspire engagement and reflect local cultures.

All employees have access to well being benefits such as Employee Assistance Programs (EAP), digital tools and mobile apps such as meQuilibrium (resilience and stress management) and Grokker (video based, holistic well being and challenge tool).

HealthAhead is currently operational in over 100 countries and has a network of more than 300 wellness champions that help us bring the program to life for our diverse workforce, whether they work at manufacturing sites, in the field, in an office building or are remote.

GE received the 2022 Best Employers: Excellence in Health Well being Award from the Business Group on Health, a leading non profit organization representing large employers’ perspectives on workforce strategy through innovative health, benefits and well being solutions, recognizing GE’s efforts to make the health and well being of our employees and their families a top priority.

Of the 44 Best Employer Award winners, GE was also one of four employers honored with the Excellence in Global Health Well being Award for demonstrating a commitment to equity with a set of standard benefits offered to their global workforces.

Launched Healthy Bytes, an all employee communication series, focused on wellness topics with short, engaging content tied to monthly themes reaching employees with supportive messaging.

Provided emotional well being materials and webinars for people leaders to assist them in creating a culture that encourages employees to seek help when needed and providing team members with support.

Content includes GE resources for leaders and their teams, such as how to spot warning signs that a team member may be struggling, managing team burnout and becoming a resilient leader.

Presented four global well being campaigns focused on our well being pillars: Kick off with Kindness (social), HealthAhead Day (physical), Financial Fitness (financial) and It’s OK not to feel OK (emotional).

Hosted over 30 webinars, received more than 85,000 visits to the HealthAhead website and logged more than 1 million well being minutes during our Find 5 to Thrive challenge in May.

Donated 20,000 to charities earned by employees during well being campaigns through HealthAhead.

Respectful Workplace Providing a safe, fair and respectful work environment is embedded in our culture, operations, and policies and procedures.

Aligned with our Human Rights Statement of Principles, GE prohibits discrimination or harassment against anyone based on race, color, religion, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, sex, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, genetic information, age, disability, military and veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law.

GE respects workers’ rights to freedom of association, privacy, collective bargaining, immigration, working time, and wages and hours, as well as prohibits forced, compulsory and child labor and employment discrimination in our operations and business partnerships.

Our Respectful Workplace Policy in The Spirit The Letter details every employee’s responsibility and commitment in treating employees, applicants, customers, suppliers, contractors, and anyone we interact with or providing services to GE, with fairness and respect.

The Respectful Workplace Enterprise Standard outlines guidance to ensure compliance and prohibition of discrimination, harassment or bullying against any employee or applicant based on any characteristic protected by law.

Any employee with compliance concerns can raise that concern through open reporting and the Ombuds program.

Developing Our People GE is committed to the sustainable development of our people.

A GE employee’s learning journey is personalized and begins upon joining the organization.

In 2022, we continued our on the job learning with targeted leadership development experiences to equip our leaders with the tools and practices to become lean practitioners.

BrilliantYOU houses our Lean Collection of custom assets such as tools, templates and videos designed to orient our employees to the Leadership Behaviors and lean capabilities required to drive our cultural transformation.

In 2022, 35,488 hours of Lean Lessons were consumed by employees across all levels of the organization with 80,331 distinct employees engaged with BrilliantYOU resources.

The Lean Collection is now composed of 457 custom created lean assets and 18 structured learning pathways.

GE Learning provides access to on demand resources and registered more than 10 million online course completions from across regulatory required, GE required and elective courses of interest spanning desktop application, soft skills, technical and product topics.

On average, over 90,000 employees engage with our learning management platform monthly.

Michael Stuter from GE Aerospace working on a Leap 1A engine.

Frontline leaders are oriented to GE’s Leadership Behaviors while leveraging lean principles and core tools to execute and improve processes at the front line in support of our cultural transformation.

Facilitated by GE and external experts knowledgeable in lean and business fundamentals, and supplemented with a Leadership Behaviors simulation and a business simulation, along with individual coaching.

Transformational leaders practice and apply their conceptual understanding of our Leadership Behaviors and lean principles while working to build organizational capabilities and deliver results to create client value.

Content topics include talent management, lean principles and tools, strategy and execution, and financial performance.

Leaders are paired with an executive coach and participate in both a Leadership Behaviors simulation and a business simulation.

Learning through others is enabled in peer to peer exchanges, coaching interactions and in communities of practice.

Having employees with different perspectives, knowledge levels and development aspirations creates a learning environment that is collaborative, creative and informal.

Formal leadership development offerings have been designed to strategically elevate our talents’ readiness to deliver results while driving efficiencies, eliminating waste and generating value for our customers.

These experiences are structured to challenge leaders as they explore complex concepts and the rigorous application of the topics being learned.

Operating leaders embrace and demonstrate their role of leader as culture shaper, leader as a lean practitioner, and leader as a coach to deliver winning business strategies and best in class results.

Content topics include internal leader dialogues, industry thought leaders, transformation action planning, and a Leadership Behaviors simulation and a strategy simulation.

Embracing a lean culture and practices is inherent to the learning organization.

The BRILLIANTYOU team engaged in a number of kaizen’s in 2022 to improve the employee learning experience.

No matter where you are in your lean journey, Beginning Your Lean Journey’ is a really great summary of the key principles and behaviors, and further reinforces why lean is important in everything we do.

Throw this learning in your backpack and enjoy the journey...

It showed, step by step, how to have a closed loop customer experience process.

Definitely invest eight minutes of your time to watch and learn about kaizen preparation.

It helped me to refresh, realign and keep improving my problem solving skills by using the correct tools and following the correct process.

At GE, our diversity, equity and inclusion (DEI) focus is rooted in the belief that diverse teams and perspectives are essential to inventing the solutions that will shape the energy transition, advance precision health and develop the future of flight.

By working together, we can foster an inclusive culture that ensures every employee feels accepted, respected and sense of belonging.

Employees Chris Day, Hai Phong, Liz McDonough, Brenda Ewing and Donavan Buckley at work.

Achieving long term, sustainable DEI progress takes work, and our work has focused on three strategic pillars transparency, accountability and community.

We know data drives meaningful change in the DEI space telling the story and laying the groundwork for improvement.

GE openly shares its diversity data here within, including workforce representation data and equitable pay data.

This data covers 2022, except as otherwise noted since GE HealthCare completed its spin off in early 2023, their data is included in this report.

With data, we leverage a lean mindset to better understand and solve for diversity challenges, such as recruitment and retention.

For example, in this report, we cover how our employee resource groups (ERGs) at GE Digital are using lean to increase their outreach and effectiveness.

Over the last few years, each of the GE businesses has developed key performance indicators (KPIs) for DEI.

These KPIs are tracked and owned with the same level of importance and operational rigor as operating KPIs.

Lean tools also help us measure progress, identify challenges, determine root cause and develop action plans for sustainable change.

During 2022, we saw growth at the leadership level for women globally ( 2.3%).

While U.S. race and ethnic minority representation at the leadership level remained the same during this timeframe, we saw improvement in some businesses and remain committed to driving progress as we move forward.

At GE, we are firm believers in the importance of fostering community, within our own company and with the local communities where our employees, customers and their families live and work.

Internally, GE has a number of ERGs, which are vital to our DEI strategy.

You can read more about our ERGs and their work in the following pages.

Externally, GE believes in creating more equitable access to STEM education.

To that end, we sponsor and participate in many community activities, partner with organizations like the Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers and recruit top talent across the globe.

Our policy is to build a Board that represents a range of backgrounds.

While change brings challenge, it also brings empowerment.

That’s the very basis of transformative change in the DEI space.

We embrace the evolution into three public companies, and we embrace the opportunity to build a strong foundation through continued efforts around representation, inclusion, and ensuring that our ERGs remain a vital and thriving support system for our employees.

The individual businesses will be accountable for refining and tracking DEI KPIs and owning progress against those metrics.

This focus on activity at the business level helps to more closely align to each company’s mission, purpose and employee population.

We also combined our 2022 Diversity Report this year with GE’s 2022 Sustainability Report.

This in no way diminishes our work in the DEI space, but rather better aligns with how top companies are sharing their progress.

I am pleased to showcase GE’s representation and pay equity data and highlight examples of empowerment and progress from across businesses.

I am proud of our progress and feel the unwavering support of GE’s senior leaders, chief diversity officers, ERG leaders, and countless allies and advocates.

Despite many challenges that threaten DEI around the world, GE perseveres.

The data shared is representative of GE’s workforce on December 31, 2022.

In 2021, we expanded the data we report to be inclusive of employee voluntary self identification data for disability (U.S.) and U.S. veteran status, as well as equitable pay results related to gender globally and U.S. underrepresented minorities for each GE business segment.

The workforce representation data for gender globally and U.S. race and ethnic minority includes the percent change from the prior year’s comparable data.

DISABILITY: according to the U.S. Department of Labor, a disability is when a person has a physical or mental impairment or medical condition that substantially limits a major life activity, or a history or record of such an impairment or medical condition.

EQUAL PAY: employees who perform comparable work are paid equitably.

Our hope is to be able to supplement binary gender data to be inclusive of the new category and selections for gender identity from our updated voluntary self identification fields for U.S. employees in the future.

HISPANIC LATINX: the term Hispanic refers to communities with Spanish speaking origins.

Latinx is a broader term that includes anyone of Latin American origin.

This term is also gender inclusive, and we recognize that another option is Latino a.

In this report, we have chosen to use Hispanic Latinx to be inclusive of both communities.

LEADERSHIP: encompasses the top 1.5% of all active employees.

MULTIRACIAL: a standalone category in our data that represents a person who identifies as two or more races as categorized by U.S. government reporting standards.

PROFESSIONAL: accounts for all active non production employees.

RACE ETHNICITY: all race ethnicity data is U.S. only.

ROUNDING: all percentages have been rounded to the nearest tenth.

UNDERREPRESENTED MINORITIES (URM): U.S. employees who identify as Asian, Black African American, Hispanic Latinx, American Indian Alaska Native, Native Hawaiian Pacific Islander or Multiracial.

U.S. VETERAN4: inclusive of those who identified as a U.S. military veteran or as one or more of the classifications of protected veterans (disabled veterans, recently separated veterans, active duty wartime or campaign badge veterans, and or Armed Forces service medal veterans).

The data for U.S. veteran and U.S. disability reflect responses from employees who voluntarily updated these self identification fields as of December 31, 2022.

Data from our EEO 1 Component 1 Report (EEO 1 Report) is available here.

The EEO 1 Report mandates the use of specific job categories, which differ from how our workforce is structured.

While we are making data from our EEO 1 Report available, we believe the diversity representation data as presented in our Sustainability Report and our website is the most meaningful measure of our diversity progress.

Data representative of GE’s workforce as of December 31, 2022.

System exports show percentages out to several decimal points.

Due to this precision, totals may not sum due to rounding differences.

Leadership encompasses the most senior 1.5% of all active employees.

Professional accounts for all active non production employees, excluding leadership.

At GE, we are proud of our long standing commitment to fair and competitive pay practices.

Being transparent about our progress is a critical component to driving a more inclusive culture and helping us attract and retain top talent.

Our compensation philosophy reinforces GE’s culture of respect and fairness.

We establish consistent pay ranges and structured bonus plans that promote employee engagement and high performance.

We review pay on a regular basis to ensure our pay practices are competitive and equitable.

Meet Our Employee Resource Groups GE’s employee resource groups (ERGs) bring together individuals with common backgrounds and experiences to connect, grow and advocate for their communities.

They engage diverse talent and create spaces where ideas are welcome, individuality is celebrated and contributions are valued.

ERGs break down barriers and provide education on a clear and strong DEI strategy.

They prompt meaningful, necessary and sometimes uncomfortable conversations about equity, opportunity, inclusive leadership and accountability among managers.

Moving forward, our ERG leaders and members are committed to ensuring a strong but separate DEI focus as part of GE Aerospace and GE Vernova.

The AAF has a deep rooted history and culture within GE as the oldest ERG.

Born out of activism, the AAF was founded on the principle of community, attracting, promoting and developing diverse talent in America and across GE’s global operations.

As the group evolves from awareness and allyship to advocacy, they remain committed to driving transformative growth.

APAF was founded to support GE’s Asian Pacific Islander (API) employees and offers global education, mentoring and networking opportunities to grow leadership abilities.

The group promotes the value of the API community and works closely with API students interested in pursuing GE careers.

On average, men and women are paid within a half of a percent of each other in each GE business and corporate.

The DAN’s mission is to provide support and resources that enable people with disabilities, their families, and allies to connect and thrive.

With nearly 2,000 members, DAN raises awareness and fosters a sense of inclusion in our communities through events, education and advocacy efforts.

Through education, action and best practice sharing, the Green Team Network takes a grassroots approach to supporting and furthering GE’s sustainability goals, including GE’s commitment to achieve carbon neutrality in its operations and facilities by 2030.

Members work across businesses, locally, regionally and nationally, to connect and align objectives aimed at lowering GE’s carbon footprint.

We continue to make progress towards achieving our goal of 100% pay equity across each of our businesses and remain committed to fair pay and equal opportunities for all employees, regardless of gender, race or ethnicity.

We will continue to monitor and communicate our pay equity results on an ongoing basis in order to hold ourselves accountable.

Our pay equity results include gender and U.S. underrepresented minorities.

For example, in our Aerospace business, women make on average 100% of what men make.

Furthermore, U.S. underrepresented minorities make on average 101% of what non underrepresented minorities make.

The LEAP engine is a product of CFM International, a 50 50 joint company between GE and Safran Aircraft Engines.

LEAP is a registered trademark of CFM International.

Includes corporate functions, international markets, digital technology and global research.

Includes the portfolio of energy businesses: Digital, Gas Power, Renewables, Steam, Nuclear, Power Conversion and Energy Financial Services.

The HF is committed to creating an inclusive environment where Hispanics can thrive and become a culture catalyst for GE and our communities, through promoting Hispanic heritage, showcasing Hispanic talent, and enabling strong networks and alliances across ERGs. HF draws upon the talents and passions of its members to explore and share Hispanic culture, elevating important conversations on social and economic issues, as well as community support.

The Pride Alliance is welcoming of employees who identify as part of the lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender, queer, asexual, and intersex (LGBTQAI ) community and their allies.

The group raises awareness around LGBTQAI issues and provides support and advocacy for creating inclusive work environments.

The Pride Alliance promotes GE’s commitment to developing LGBTQAI talent and engages in meaningful conversations with senior leadership.

Building on GE’s strong commitment to military veteran recruitment and development, the Veterans Network was established in 2009 to make GE an employer of choice for veterans, reservists and guardsmen.

The Veterans Network creates a GE community of veterans and veteran leaders to support and encourage the career development and growth of all members.

The WN was created in 1997 to attract, develop, inspire and retain female professional talent.

It exists for the women working at GE to cultivate their leadership skills, business practices, personal contacts and career opportunities.

By engaging and developing their membership in areas such as technology, operations and commercial roles, the Women’s Network helps develop leaders who are better prepared for career success and to help the company grow.

Dr. Colin Parris leads strategy and approach development where GE’s physical technologies intersect with digital capabilities.

His cross industry impact on GE’s digital transformation has been impressive seen, felt and celebrated by colleagues, cohorts and industry leaders alike.

Colin’s contributions to science and engineering were recognized by US Black Engineer Information Technology magazine when he was named the 2023 Black Engineer of the Year.

Colin learned of the recognition during GE’s 2022 Diversity, Equity Inclusion Symposium the official presentation occurred at the 37th annual Black Engineer of the Year Award (BEYA) STEM Conference, produced by Career Communications Group (CCG).

In addition to this honor, Colin was elected to the prestigious National Academy of Engineers in 2022 and received a BIG Innovation Award from the Business Intelligence Group.

GE teamed with Enactus, the largest experiential learning platform for university students worldwide, to host 191 future leaders from four countries Brazil, China, Ghana and India for a six week Global Lean Challenge.

Students learned about lean management concepts from GE lean experts, visited a local GE plant and worked through projects linked to GE’s enterprise climate goals.

Students were guided by GE mentors as they mapped their sustainable lean solutions for their respective GE plants.

Their work culminated in national competitions with winners from each country moving on to the virtual global competition.

A four student team from Brazil was crowned global champion.

Their plan to make induction engines more sustainable addressed the challenge at a systemic level, an approach that impressed the judges.

This immersive and enriching experience was well received by all.

One student from Enactus Brazil even joined GE for an internship at the site where her lean challenge project was based.

In 2022, GE hosted a Diversity, Equity Inclusion (DEI) Symposium that brought together 180 GE employees representing 21 countries, every GE business and all eight ERGs. Initially created as a space for learning and candid conversation, the event became so much more.

Attendees were inspired by each other and GE senior leaders as they heard about the positive impact DEI is having at GE. They discussed successes, opportunities, priorities, and how to support a workplace culture where individual differences are embraced, everyone feels safe and empowered to contribute, and where the best ideas win.

Achieving sustainable improvements in diversity and equity requires a truly inclusive culture.

The DEI Symposium explored this idea and sent attendees home with a lot to reflect on.

They gained a better understanding of the role data transparency and accountability play in DEI, the importance of advocacy in the DEI space and the value ERGs have in activating DEI allies.

More than 6,000 employees from 15 offices across India participated in BELONG 2022, a three day DEI gathering, full of online events and presentations, in person activities, awards, and more.

Daily videos raised excitement virtually with content about DEI objectives and strategies, insight from global leaders, and workshops on important topics like mental health and gender diversity at GE.

These conversations continued during in person events that celebrated site culture.

GE India recognized individuals and initiatives driving impactful change in the DEI space.

They also leaned into DEI ambassadors who took to social media to post about the importance of DEI at GE.

One exciting takeaway from the conclave was the launch of South Asia’s I D Playbook.

This comprehensive document is intended to guide GE business leaders, HR managers, talent acquisition, and DEI practitioners in I D framework development and program management.

One way GE is tackling gender imbalance within the STEM community is through our partnership with the Society of Women Engineers (SWE), an organization focused on empowering women to achieve their full potential as engineers and leaders.

Twenty years ago, GE was a founding member of SWE’s Corporate Partnership Council today, the relationship remains strong and impactful.

Many GE employees are involved in the 40,000 member organization, taking part in local networking, outreach and education events.

At the senior leadership level, Dayna Johnson (GE Gas Power) currently serves as SWE President and Bianca McCartt (GE Aerospace) serves as a Senator and are also part of the Women of Color in Engineering Collaborative (WCEC).

GE employees lean into SWE for professional growth, building skillsets to become more equipped leaders.

GE also supports and recruits talent through SWE, namely students and early career engineers.

The GE Women’s Network funds SWE scholarships, which are awarded to female students who are studying, or will study, STEM at accredited U.S. universities.

Scholars become part of GE’s network they are matched with a mentor within the company, invited to partake in professional development activities, and given line of sight to internship and employment opportunities.

Together, SWE and GE are building a strong pipeline of female talent and a future for innovation through diverse teams and perspectives.

Small actions can have great impact bring these actions together and we change the world.

That was the idea behind our 2022 Climate Action Challenge, a collaboration between GE’s Green Team Network and climate action advocate and author Joan Gregerson.

Employees were challenged to work in teams and come up with projects that align with their personal passions and GE’s sustainability goals.

Teams worked on their projects weekly, reporting their impact at the end of 90 days.

Some 400 GE employees from offices in 20 countries participated, working on everything from reducing food waste and tree planning projects, to building community compost bins.

Among the initiatives’ impact a projected reduction in landfill waste of 12.5 tons in a year.

At the close of the challenge, the Green Team Network selected nine teams three from each of GE’s planned future companies to receive 1,000 to continue their efforts.

A Climate Action Challenge team from GE Vernova worked with a community organization called Rise High near Schenectady, New York.

They presented material on renewable energy and climate change and had 10th and 11th grade students come up with creative solutions to proposed problems.

The team was selected to receive 1,000, which they used to purchase KidWid Kits for the organization.

Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, was recognized with a Racial Justice Champion Award for his work to advance and enforce environmental protections for vulnerable populations, his efforts at GE to help solve global sustainability challenges, and his first of its kind International Environmental Law and Justice class at Howard University Law School.

Announced by the Racial Justice Institute, the award honors companies and individuals who are committed to advancing racial justice through diversity, equity, inclusion, antiracism or racial justice work.

As GE’s widely leveraged continuous improvement approach, lean is helping our DEI teams better understand and solve for diversity challenges.

GE Digital, for example, is leveraging lean to boost the effectiveness of their ERGs by using data to drive more objective decision making.

The transformation commenced with a meeting of the minds strategic planning sessions to evolve the ERGs’ monthly operating reviews into a place for group co leads to collaborate with business diversity stakeholders to exchange ideas and facilitate best practices.

From these sessions, each of Digital’s five active ERGs defined key performance indicators (KPIs) that align with areas they can impact, such as culture and retention.

These KPIs include inbuilt flexibility to fit each group’s stage of maturity.

Moving forward, these KPIs will be tracked through bowler charts to map actual versus target performance and to identify areas where problem solving can be beneficial.

Standard work to deliver a more effective operational cadence for ERG events is also being developed, including a comprehensive plug and play calendar with planning guidance established through best practice sharing and collaboration.

ERGs can customize this standard work to fit with their individual needs.

While still early in the rollout process, the GE Digital team is confident this lean approach will deliver more impactful ERGs across the business.

Many of GE’s community outreach initiatives aim to empower young people through curated experiences focused on science, technology, engineering and math (STEM). In 2022, two such events in the Middle East, North Africa and Turkey (MENAT) region gave students a first hand look at GE’s technology, people, potential careers, and how we’re building a world that works.

GE Turkey and the GE Turkey Women’s Network hosted nearly 100 college students at our site in Istanbul for Gelecek Y z m z (Our Future Face).

Attendees heard about the energy transition and GE’s sustainability strategies.

They explored GE’s support of early career engineers and were empowered by the idea that their own passions and projects could contribute to an improved society.

Student groups were then paired with GE mentors for an innovation competition.

Groups had to think through and present an impactful sustainability project.

In Saudi Arabia, GE partnered with Saudi nonprofit Mawhiba to host 150 high school students for STEM Future Generations at the GE Manufacturing Technology Center (GEMTEC) in Dammam.

Students tested their critical thinking and problem solving skills as they worked to identify innovative solutions to help the Kingdom achieve net zero emissions by 2060.

Members of the winning team were awarded mentorship and development opportunities with GE and Mawhiba.

By hosting this event at GEMTEC, students were able to see firsthand how STEM knowledge contributes to the reliable supply of electricity in Saudi Arabia and around the world.

As a global company that serves customers in 170 countries, we are mindful of the impact our actions have on the world whether it be the people who make up our global workforce or those of our suppliers, the communities where we live and work, or the planet itself.

Protect the safety of our people and those who do work on our behalf.

Maintain a strong EHS and environmental compliance program.

Make progress toward our climate change emission goals and ambitions for Scope 1,.

Reinforce our commitment to product quality and safety.

Pursue environmental stewardship and circular economy in the design of our products.

Invest in returning contaminated properties to protective reuse for communities with a priority on environmental justice communities.

Our commitments start on the shop floor and grow to encompass commitments that reach into our communities and across the planet.

With every decision, we seek to lead with integrity in all that we do.

Respect the human rights of our own workforce and all of those in our value chain.

Hold suppliers accountable for an ethical supply chain.

Respect employees’ rights to freedom of association.

Transform our communities through healthcare and humanitarian support and shape the diverse workforce of tomorrow by leveraging the power of GE through the GE Foundation.

Our ultimate responsibility in every business, at every site, is to make sure that anyone who works for GE or does work on our behalf goes home safely at the end of the day.

In 2022, we made important strides in improving our safety performance and continued to drive a culture of safety.

We experienced a collective 20% reduction in our injury and illness total recordable rate, further contributing to an overall downward trend over the past decade.

In addition, the decrease in non fatal serious incidents was significant for GE, going from 10 such cases to two.

All of our key safety performance indicators compare favorably with U.S. Occupational Safety Health Administration benchmarks.

Number of injury and illness cases globally per risk population year to date, based on 100 employees working 200,000 hours annually, as measured against OSHA recordability criteria.

Uses OSHA calculation for recordable days away from work cases (transfer or restricted cases are excluded), based on 100 employees working 200,000 hours annually.

GE employees, leased workers, wholly owned affiliate employees and majority owned, joint venture employees.

Regrettably, however, three contractor lives were lost in 2022.

The number of fatal events has decreased over the past two years and was the lowest it’s been in five years.

But because each fatality is a tragedy that impacts the lives of family members, friends and colleagues, there’s more we need to do to ensure those who work for us or do work on our behalf make it home safely.

Our focus on preventing fatalities and severe safety events, largely in projects and services in developing nations, remains a top priority.

Formed in 2021, the GE Safety Council which is led by GE’s Chief Safety Officer and includes business and corporate EHS leaders coalesced around a shared set of priorities in 2022, which focused on improving our cross business, read across process when there is a serious safety incident or fatality driving more rigor around how our life saving principles are consistently followed and executed and improving our safety audits.

To help drive these priorities and further support the efforts of the businesses, we strengthened core capabilities in our Corporate Safety Office in 2022, particularly in the areas of contractor safety, critical risk, auditing, ergonomics, and data and analytics.

Driving safety improvements and creating a culture of safety requires both a top down and bottom up approach with CEO level accountability for the safety program of each business and every worker feeling empowered to help create a safe and healthy work environment.

GE’s Life Saving Principles (LSPs) illustrate critical steps to strengthen our defenses when performing high risk work activities to prevent potentially severe events and injuries.

All employees and contractors are empowered and expected to stop work if they have any concerns about the task they are performing.

These LSP documents, represented visually and in more than 20 languages, are widely available, posted throughout our operations, and are used to orient our contractors and partners to GE’s most fundamental expectations.

Sample of GE’s Life Saving Principles posters available in several languages.

GE’s expectations to maintain a safe, healthy work environment extend well beyond our own operations to all places where we work customer sites, field services, and at our project installation and construction locations and to all those who work with us and on our behalf.

We have implemented a set of core requirements and technical standards as part of a system to manage the contractor safety process globally.

Our process includes strict criteria to vet our contractors and sub contractors focused on their EHS performance metrics, training and competency processes, and how well their internal EHS programs align with our own requirements and performance expectations.

We closely scrutinize their programmatic elements for high risk activities such as working at heights, electrical work, energy isolation, excavations and lifting operations.

We have increased our focus on ancillary work and better partnering on safety with companies we hire to do work on our behalf.

Using this safety management system, we can assess contractor capabilities and help drive safe work execution.

When we find defects in contractor programs or competency, we will collaborate with the contractor to develop risk mitigation plans that must be implemented prior to being qualified to proceed.

Prior to the start of work, we develop detailed EHS plans based on the scope of work to identify risks and controls to safely execute each task.

Throughout work execution, we monitor contractor performance and adherence to requirements, intervening and adjusting the plan as needed in cooperation with the contractor.

We have also reinvigorated our incident investigation process, including conducting detailed reviews of incidents with leaders in all of our businesses.

Ensuring we are recording and learning from both employee and contractor events, as well as putting action plans in place at the business level to prevent them from recurring, are part of our overall commitment to a safe working environment for all.

We will continue working tirelessly to enhance our contractor management processes and work hand in hand with our contractor partners to drive performance improvements.

The benefit is greatest when we share our learnings and elements of our program to prevent injuries or events for all employees and contractors alike.

In 2022, our enterprise wide, cross functional internal COVID 19 Task Force, led by GE’s Chief Safety Officer, continued to work to protect the health and safety of our employees globally, while maintaining business continuity.

A key focus area of our task force was closely following the changing landscape of COVID 19 regulations and monitoring evolving conditions across the globe.

As the COVID 19 situation became more nuanced over the course of 2022, in close coordination with the businesses and regions, we evolved our GE Site Safety Roadmap first introduced in 2020 to give many of our sites more discretion in managing COVID 19 aligned to local conditions, while ensuring compliance with all applicable regulatory requirements.

We continued our efforts to engage employees in educational dialogue on a range of topics through regular communication updates from our Chief Safety Officer and our Chief Medical Officer.

Our communications helped keep employees informed and aware of the COVID 19 situation globally, including any changes to policies, while locally, our sites communicated frequently about safety practices and protocols, particularly as local regulations changed.

Aligned to GE’s goal of further reducing our overall injury rate, there was an increased focus on ergonomics in 2022, leveraging technology, innovation and lean to help mitigate ergonomic risk.

A pilot program was launched to deploy industry leading EHS software to help support ergonomic risk assessments.

Used at nine locations globally, 148 evaluations were completed using this video computer vision and artificial intelligence software.

As a result, 16 ergonomic improvement projects were implemented over the course of the year.

For example, at the Power Conversion site in Nancy, France, the use of an overhead lift eliminated the heavy lifting tasks associated with manually lifting and turning a reel, reducing the overall ergonomic risk score by more than 50%.

At the GE Aerospace location in Rutland, Vermont, the team completed two wearable sensor technology projects.

The wireless sensors are attached to an employee and continuously measure dynamic changes in motion, muscle efforts and fatigue.

Wearable sensor data provides a more accurate representation of the risk of a job and illustrates subtle differences that cannot be detected by human eye or computer vision AI systems.

This data is helping to identify appropriate job rotation schedules and engineering improvements.

In addition, a new ergonomic kaizen playbook was developed to be used by teams to address ergonomic issues during process improvement lean events.

The playbook includes eight tools and methods to identify ergonomic risk (including a revised GE risk evaluation method), pinpoint root causes, evaluate solutions and calculate ROI.

The playbook was successfully launched at GE Aerospace in 2022.

EHS Program At GE, we are committed to EHS excellence to protect people, our communities and the environment.

We manage our EHS performance and compliance by holding ourselves to the same high standards globally, often in places where the expectations we set and enforce exceed local regulations.

GE’s EHS program is built on a spirit of transparency, data and continuous improvement.

We maintain a Global EHS Policy and an EHS Enterprise Standard, which set expectations for the GE businesses with responsibility for day to day environmental risk mitigation, compliance assurance and EHS culture.

Layered on this foundation are core requirement and technical standard documents that cover specific safety risk areas, such as work at height, confined space, electrical safety, and environmental risk areas, including air emissions, spill and release management, prevention and response, and waste and water management.

GE’s EHS Framework 2.0 is a risk based key element of our EHS management system and measures individual operations against a series of self assessment questions on environment, health and safety topics.

The implementation of these expectations is carried out by a robust network of EHS professionals supporting our sites, services and projects across the globe.

Compliance is monitored by these teams of EHS professionals and through a robust reporting and metrics structure.

GE drives an open reporting culture across compliance and controllership functions, including EHS, for issues to be elevated and addressed.

Our employees completed nearly 800,000 EHS courses covering regulatory and non regulatory topics.

The courses are translated into appropriate languages, and designed and maintained centrally by a team that ensures accuracy, accessibility and compliance with EHS regulations and GE’s standards.

Courses are assigned locally by EHS professionals who develop targeted, roles based training for relevant employees.

We assess the EHS risks of any new activity whether designing a new product, selling in a new market, building a new factory or buying a new business and prepare our teams and sites accordingly.

We review EHS performance data using an enterprise wide system of record for the majority of our EHS data, allowing for robust analysis and trending to learn and improve.

Our EHS data is published internally at least quarterly and is available in real time through a system of dashboards maintained at the company and business levels.

We track industry standard key performance indicators (KPIs), such as injuries, illnesses, significant environmental events, training completion, and regulatory findings and closures.

Performance on key metrics such as spills and releases, air exceedances and wastewater exceedances are reported to our public stakeholders on our ESG website no less than annually.

Our commitment to continuous improvement and risk reduction is underscored by our proactive use of KPIs and drives us to analyze EHS events to identify corrective actions and prevent recurrence.

EHS performance is reviewed by senior leaders across the company, by our CEO in strategy sessions and by the Board of Directors through the Governance Committee.

This layering of review ensures visibility and accountability, cornerstones of our EHS program.

GE businesses are expected to plan and execute regulatory and risk based audits and inspections, and to ensure auditor competence.

Audits are conducted at a frequency that reflects the inherent risk and performance of the operation.

Types of EHS audits performed include site level self assessments using EHS Framework 2.0, and business level audits reviewing compliance and EHS Management systems.

Environment Our Environmental Program As with safety, our Environmental Compliance Assurance program includes multiple levels of assessment, including self inspections, environmental program reviews and audits, and permit reviews, which are conducted jointly by operations and EHS professionals.

Operations are expected to review all environmental permits annually and confirm compliance with all permit conditions.

In addition to ongoing management of change, each operation is also expected to confirm permit coverage, applicability decisions and exemption criteria, if applicable, at least every three years.

Environmental inspections or investigations by regulatory agencies are reported as events and findings are tracked to closure.

Reporting and escalation are required in the event of permit limit exceedances or other emission discharge standards failure to obtain, modify or renew existing permits or discovery of a GE operation, process or source that should be, but is not, covered by a permit.

In the environmental defenses element of GE’s EHS Framework 2.0, organizations are self evaluated on air emission sources, air pollution control equipment, water sources and discharges, wastewater treatment equipment and operating conditions, hazardous and industrial waste collection, and management and shipping practices.

Environmental key performance indicators (KPIs) are reported and tracked at the site, business and company levels for the purpose of monitoring performance and ensuring compliance.

KPIs include EHS framework scores, regulatory finding closure rate, regulatory training completion, severe environmental events, notices of non compliance, penalties paid, and spills and releases.

Increase from 2021 to 2022 due to minor, unrelated incidents across global operations.

In 2020, GE met its goals to reduce freshwater use by 20% compared to 2011.

Water usage captured includes potable, process and sanitary water, as well as once through cooling water from freshwater sources.

To learn more about our water inventory methodology, please see Appendix III in our 2022 Sustainability Report Appendices.

As a company whose technology helps generate approximately 30% of the world’s electricity, we are committed to decarbonizing the energy sector while increasing access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable electricity, including for the nearly 775 million people who lack access.

Carbon Neutrality for Scope 1 and Scope 2 Emissions by 2030 Having met our 2020 emissions reduction targets ahead of schedule, we set a new goal to achieve carbon neutrality within our own operations (i.e., Scope 1 and 2 emissions) by 2030.

To achieve this goal, our businesses are making operational investments in energy efficiency, reducing emissions from the grid through smart power sourcing and using lean practices to eliminate energy waste.

While we are focused on driving absolute reductions to achieve carbon neutrality, where necessary, we will balance remaining emissions with carbon offsets.

GE internally tracks progress to established targets versus a 2019 baseline.

Ambition to be a Net Zero Company by 2050 for the Scope 3 Emissions from Use of Sold Products In 2021, we set an ambition to be net zero by 2050 for the Scope 3 emissions associated with the use of our sold products.

We are collaborating closely with our customers, suppliers, policymakers and other companies to turn net zero engineering challenges into business opportunities.

GE Vernova and GE Aerospace’s efforts toward the Scope 3 ambition for their sold products are described in detail on pages 32 35 and 44 47, respectively.

In February 2022, GE was proud to join the U.S. real world action toward a low carbon future.

Per the WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol, GE adjusts its 2019 base year GHG and energy data annually to reflect changes in structure or calculation methodology, improvements in accuracy of emission factors or activity data, and discovery of error.

Interim years are not adjusted except upon discovery of significant error.

Scope 1 and 2 emissions may not sum to total due to rounding.

For more details on GE Aerospace’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 44 47.

For more details on GE Vernova’s Scope 3 emissions for sold products and progress toward net zero ambition, see pages 32 35.

After the launch with our Onshore Wind business in 2021, our Offshore Wind business and LM Wind Power followed suit in 2022.

Today, over 220 suppliers have been enrolled in the program, representing more than 72% of the businesses’ strategic spend.

Transparency and baselining are critical components that have allowed us to kick off corrective actions with our strategic low scored suppliers.

Only through collaboration on corrective actions can we drive sustainable improvements in the value chain, helping us to build resilience and supporting business development.

At our Gas Power business, approximately two thirds of its operational emissions are Scope 2, arising from purchased electricity used in manufacturing.

The remaining third is mainly related to natural gas used in the testing of gas turbines, gas for heating and liquid fuel use.

With a continued focus on reducing overall energy consumption, our Gas Power business is taking a lean approach.

In 2022, teams across 24 sites focused on energy outputs from lighting, HVAC, compressed air, welding, large equipment, transport and recycling, as well as the culture of energy savings.

At the end of the kaizen weeks, we achieved an average savings of 9% energy usage per site, with combined savings of 43 million KWH of energy, which equals 4 million in energy costs saved per year.

To put it in perspective, over the course of a week, our teams found energy savings equivalent to 30,000 metric tons of CO2, which can power nearly 3,800 U.S. homes10.

GE Scope 1 2 Efforts by Business GE Vernova’s portfolio of energy businesses is working toward GE’s carbon neutral commitment described on previous pages.

Our Wind businesses have leveraged advanced business engagement over the past years and implemented dozens of impactful emission reduction projects in pursuit of their Scope 1 and 2 emission reductions goals.

Reducing emissions and optimizing energy use in global manufacturing facilities worldwide through the installation of newer, more efficient equipment or by changing processes to emit less or require less energy overall.

For example, the Grid Solutions team in Villeurbanne, France, upgraded sensors that detect leakages of SF6, a greenhouse gas with 23,500 times the comparative global warming potential of CO2, and was able to deliver an impressive SF6 reduction equivalent to more than 750 tons of CO2.

The green electricity drive that paces and pushes the pursuit of on site renewable energy opportunities and signing of Power Purchase Agreements (PPAs) from new renewable energy assets.

In 2022, we signed a European virtual PPA with its partner Forestalia, which contributes to the development of a 21 MW wind farm in Zaragoza, Spain, powered by our onshore wind turbines.

In addition to the carbon savings, the PPA is expected to deliver significant positive financial impact, demonstrating how decarbonization and reducing the cost of electricity are part of strengthening industry competitiveness.

LM Wind Power has implemented energy efficiency projects and controls in its plants to achieve an 8.3% reduction in energy consumption in kWh per cubic meter of operations.

Some of the key projects included the replacement of old chiller pumps with IE4 pumps, adiabatic cooling systems for chillers and added variable frequency drives (VFD) to its old dust extraction systems.

Based on the results, the company extended the replacement of conventional blower fans with belt drives to EC fans in a number of air handling units, resulting in 20% reduction and replacement of conventional induction lamps by LED which achieved a 30% reduction in consumption.

LM Wind Power also introduced automatic ventilation control system in Ponferrada, Spain, and is now planning to expand these features to other locations as well.

From February 28 to March 4, 2022, a global kaizen event took place at our Gas Power factories around the world to find practical ways to cut energy costs and help with carbon emissions.

GE’s commitment to achieve carbon neutrality in its own operations by 2030, including Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions, along with rising energy costs and natural gas supply issues in Europe, gave the work extra urgency.

The exercise took place in 20 Gas Power facilities and the result could deliver a projected annual energy reduction of 35 million kWh the equivalent of 25,000 metric tons of CO2 and cost savings of an estimated 3 million.

At our Gas Power headquarters in Schenectady, New York, the team turned its attention to steam generation and compressed air leaks, cooling and heating issues, all while changing long held behaviors.

Following the kaizen exercise, the site reported an annual energy reduction of 12,583 MWh, which equates to 320,000 in cost savings, lowering the site’s annual usage by 8% well above the original 3 5% target.

In 2022, GE Aerospace continued to measure, track and progress toward decarbonizing its facilities and operations to align with the 2030 carbon neutral pledge for Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions.

Energy efficient infrastructure investments and optimization.

Using lean practices to identify and reduce waste energy.

Exploring the use of Sustainable Aviation Fuel and other low carbon fuels at engine testing operations.

Also in 2022, GE Aerospace identified opportunities to improve energy efficiency at 18 of its major sites and is creating a long term roadmap to meet its carbon neutral commitment.

As part of efforts to upgrade GE Aerospace’s headquarters campus in Ohio, a new North Utility Plant (NUP) was opened in 2017 to centralize cooling, heating and water.

New equipment installed at the utility plant was designed to decrease energy consumption and provide more efficient and reliable utility services.

Since then, work continues to be done in phases to replace water heating and cooling systems operated by the plant to buildings across the site.

Over the last five years, 16 chillers of various age and tonnage have been replaced with eight new 1,000 ton magnetic bearing chillers and 10 high efficiency hot water boilers (5 MMBTU) designed to replace steam heating to a significant portion of the plant.

The chilled and hot water systems are paired with energy delivery stations throughout the campus for distribution and metering.

In 2022, GE Aerospace conducted an emission reduction assessment to identify opportunities for reducing 100,000 metric tons of CO2 equivalent emissions across 18 of the business’ highest emitting sites.

The 18 sites selected for this study account for two thirds of GE Aerospace’s emissions.

Reducing emissions at these locations is a top priority for GE Aerospace to reach its goal of carbon neutral operations by 2030.

Over the past 15 years, GE Aerospace’s Rutland, Vermont, team has worked with Efficiency Vermont to implement energy and cost saving measures throughout two manufacturing facilities in the Green Mountains.

The Rutland facilities team has overseen a project to switch lighting across the Rutland facilities to LEDs with controlling options.

Lighting upgrades at the first Rutland site were completed in 2022 and the second, larger facility is 80% complete.

The new lights provide an estimated cost savings of more than 175,000 at the Rutland facility.

In addition, the mercury free LEDs help reduce the amount of hazardous waste in the waste stream.

To support the energy efficiency program, in 2023, the plan is to deploy energy management best practices and key performance indicators (KPIs) for energy usage across all supply chain and engine maintenance sites globally, including the 18 top emitting sites.

GE Aerospace’s Rutland facilities manufacture compressor airfoils for multiple engine platforms.

GE Chairman and CEO and GE Aerospace CEO Larry Culp joins CTV News journalist Jeanne Meserve for a Washington Post Live discussion on the future of aviation.

U.S. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg and United Airlines CEO Scott Kirby also joined the event.

As described in this report, GE’s focus on sustainability is to innovate technology to lift up the quality of life for people everywhere.

While our focus is on technology and innovation, we know strong policy, engagement and partnership are critical to success of these shared goals.

GE’s efforts on climate change and the energy transition start with GE’s strong support for the Paris Climate Agreement commitments and other ambitious targets to reduce greenhouse gas emissions, including GE’s climate change goals.

Below we describe GE’s direct and indirect policy engagement and lobbying on climate change, which we believe are in alignment with the Paris Climate Agreement goals.

We have been proud to play a visible role in advancing policy and action for climate change, energy transition and sustainability solutions.

Doing so will require continued partnership across governments, business and civil society.

As a company with a 130 year history of working with our customers and other stakeholders to lift the quality of life for people, we are deploying our global reach, expertise and depth of engineering capabilities to address this urgent challenge.

Throughout 2022, we engaged in the public domain to advance thought leadership on how to achieve climate goals for the energy sector through strong policy, technology and investments.

For example, GE sponsored events with the Washington Post, Atlantic LIVE, Techonomy Climate, Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum and Abu Dhabi Sustainability Week focused on collaboration between the private and public sectors to succeed in the energy transition and decarbonization efforts.

We also launched a public advocacy campaign urging the U.S. Congress and Biden administration to pass a comprehensive package of clean energy tax credits to ensure success in decarbonization efforts and continued U.S. leadership in energy manufacturing and jobs both today and in the future.

Ultimately, the United States passed the Inflation Reduction Act the nation’s first comprehensive climate change law aligned with GE’s advocacy.

Our heightened engagement is continuing throughout 2023 to help formulate and support policies that advance a just transition and sustainability goals globally.

We will continue to offer constructive input to the leaders charged with translating ambitious climate targets into laws, regulations and policies.

As part of these efforts, we’re highlighting the ways the energy transition is making a difference in local communities.

This is where change happens, and to reach the ambitious goals set, we must show the progress we’re making and the benefits that are accruing across the globe.

In his role as CEO of GE Aerospace, Larry Culp joined Washington Post Live to discuss how the company is innovating technology to help meet historic demand while decreasing emissions today and in the future.

Scott Strazik, CEO of GE Vernova, joined the Atlantic LIVE’s The Next Scientific Revolution event to interview Starwood Energy Group CEO Himanshu Saxen about the hydrogen, carbon capture and other breakthrough technologies that will play a key role in this new energy era and how companies, governments and other stakeholders must work together to make it a reality.

At the Techonomy Climate 2022 conference, Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, examined how established companies and startups present a best of both worlds opportunity to innovate the technology the world needs to succeed in the energy transition.

Larry Culp, Chairman and CEO, GE, and CEO, GE Aerospace, discussed how GE’s breakthrough technologies are redefining the future of energy with CNBC’s Brian Sullivan as part of The Milken Institute’s Global Conference.

Larry also joined a panel discussion with experts in energy production, investment, research and public policy.

During the Economist Impact’s second annual Future of Energy Week, Shantanu Som, President, Engineering, Asia, GE Gas Power, joined the Decarbonizing the Energy Sector panel to discuss how GE is working with customers and stakeholders to help the region on its path towards decarbonization and net zero.

Mahesh Palashikar, President, GE South Asia, joined the India Economic Conclave, which brings together policymakers, companies and key influencers to discuss critical challenges and opportunities.

Mahesh highlighted the role of wind, solar, hydro and natural gas to help transition India to cleaner energy.

At the 27th Conference of the Parties to the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change (COP27) meeting in November 2022, global leaders in government, non profits and industry gathered in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt.

Taking to heart Egypt’s focus on COP27 as the implementation summit, GE prioritized action with a focus on three proof points emphasizing the importance of emerging economies demonstrating the feasibility of breakthrough technologies and strengthening public private partnerships.

Announced at the COP27 opening ceremonies at the U.S. Center, the Corporate Coalition for Innovation Technology toward Net Zero (CCITNZ) will help countries meet decarbonization and climate change goals through innovation and technology.

Founding members of the cross sector business alliance include Bechtel, GE, GM, Honeywell, Invenergy and Johnson Controls.

In a first for the African continent, during Energy Day at COP27, a GE LM6000 aeroderivative gas turbine at the Sharm El Sheikh power plant was run on a hydrogen natural gas fuel blend.

This pilot project demonstrated the important role emerging economies play in demonstrating breakthrough technologies and our collective responsibility to ensure a just energy transition.

In an Atlantic Council Global Energy Center fireside chat with Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, he detailed why a just energy transition requires both meeting our climate change goals and expanding access to the nearly 775 million people who don’t have access to sustainable, reliable and affordable electricity today.

At the U.S. State Department’s Connecting Climate Entrepreneurs (CCE) pitch competition, Rania Rostom, GE’s Head of Communications and Marketing for International Markets, helped judge pitches from startups around the world with the winner receiving a range of prizes.

Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, highlighted for a panel hosted by Center for Climate and Energy Solutions the transformational nature of the last two years for the company’s customers, and how they are incorporating breakthrough technologies into their net zero plans.

During the conference, GE and the International Renewable Energy Agency (IRENA) signed a framework agreement to collaborate on a plan that will support both climate change and energy security.

Remarking on the agreement, U.S. State Department Assistant Secretary Geoffrey R. Pyatt said, The United States strongly supports private sector led industrial decarbonization efforts, and we look forward to working closely with GE and other cutting edge industry players to advance these initiatives.

Scott Reese, GE Digital President and CEO, who discussed how software is the key to the energy transition.

Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, who talked about the role of partnerships and proof points in the energy transition in the emerging market.

GE strongly advocated for the inclusion of multiple provisions in the Inflation Reduction Act, including clean energy tax credits to ensure success in decarbonization efforts and continued U.S. leadership in energy manufacturing and jobs both today and in the future.

Throughout the summer of 2022, GE launched a grassroots public advocacy campaign, which delivered nearly 1,300 letters to members of Congress representing 34 states.

The campaign urged Congress and the Biden administration to pass a comprehensive package of clean energy tax credits, including wind production tax credit (PTC) and 45Q tax credit for carbon sequestration, as well as tax credits to support diverse generation sources, such as wind, solar and nuclear.

During a four month digital advertising campaign, GE also shared information with key stakeholders strongly supporting these issues, including members of Congress, Congressional staff, policymakers across Washington, D.C., and the general public.

Launch of Corporate Coalition for Innovation Technology toward Net Zero at COP27 in Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, in November 2022.

The world is now three years into the decade of action on climate change, reinforcing the imperative for progress.

With the shared goals of decarbonizing the energy sector, while at the same time growing resiliency to ensure everyone has access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable energy, we are transitioning from discussion to implementation.

Taking action now will set us up for success when we meet again in the United Arab Emirates for COP28 in November.

Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, in January 2023.

At the Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum, participants including Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, examined the variety of immediate challenges to action, including the need to develop a full fledged ecosystem to operationalize climate change commitments into action.

Otmane Benamar, Chief Technology Officer of GE Gas Power EMEA, joined an Atlantic Council Global Energy Forum panel to discuss the elevated importance in the developing world and global responsibility for all to solve the energy trilemma of economic development, reliability and sustainability.

Advocacy Through Organizations and Associations We support associations that are leading on climate change solutions, policies and technologies, including nonprofit organizations and trade associations.

We partner formally and informally with numerous associations and NGOs around the world that share the mission of addressing climate change, decarbonizing industrial sectors and promoting sustainable development.

GE is one of the founding strategic partners of the non profit Center for Climate and Energy Solutions (C2ES), an original member of its Business Environmental Leadership Council and a member of its Board of Directors.

GE participates in C2ES research and supports C2ES’ mission to advance strong policy and action to reduce GHGs, promote clean energy and strengthen resilience to climate impacts.

GE is an active member of the American Clean Power Association.

ACP is the leading federation of renewable energy companies expediting the advancement of clean energy in the United States.

GE is a member of the Carbon Capture Coalition, a nonpartisan collaboration of more than 80 businesses and organizations building federal policy support to enable economy wide, commercial scale deployment of carbon capture technologies.

Examples of collaboration with diverse public and private stakeholders in 2022 and 2023 are summarized on pages 31 and 43.

Trade Associations As one of the largest and most diverse companies in the world, GE belongs to many associations in which we work with our industry partners.

These associations engage in advocacy at the state and federal levels in key jurisdictions around the world on a range of policy topics including energy and climate.

Consistent with our direct lobbying, we believe our work with trade associations is in furtherance of, and consistent with, GE’s climate change goals, including the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

Joining the Abu Dhabi Sustainability Week Summit, Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, detailed the fundamental importance of public private partnerships in accelerating the energy transition.

During Abu Dhabi Sustainability Week, GE participated in the Youth 4 Sustainability (Y4S) and Women in Sustainability, Environment and Renewable Energy (WiSER) conferences.

Speakers Noora Abdullatif Al Kheily, Belgin Ertam, Sandra Helayel and Nithin Murali addressed diverse audiences about the challenges and opportunities of the energy transition.

As a general proposition, we are seeing our trade associations increasingly move in constructive directions toward rallying their members toward climate change and energy transition solutions.

In many cases, GE’s policy team works with our trade associations on a regular basis to influence constructive action toward these goals.

Annually, we meet with our major U.S. trade associations to review our policy priorities, including stressing the importance of each to align with the Paris Climate Agreement goals and be a force for positive action toward decarbonization and sustainable development goals.

This is not to say that all trade associations are moving at the same pace, that we expect them to necessarily agree on all policy positions set forth, or that GE agrees fully on all views and positions.

There is room for a reasonable divergence of views on various policies and approaches while still constructively advancing efforts toward decarbonization.

GE’s role in these circumstances is to be a force of positive direction and to express the views of a multinational industrial company in promoting constructive engagement by the trade associations on these issues.

To be clear, GE does not and will not use trade associations as a cloak for climate change policies inconsistent with our own positions detailed above.

Where we see trade associations potentially advocate for a position different than ours with regard to climate policy, including if a position is misaligned with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement, we begin by reaching out to the trade association to assert influence toward alignment.

Our goal is to communicate in real time and express our positions toward positive change.

On these occasions, we have typically found fair reception of our input by the relevant trade associations.

We believe this is a better approach than withdrawing membership when disagreements arise as our continued membership in the trade association usually positions us to influence the trade association’s policy positions in ways that better align with our objectives.

At the same time, we would reserve the option of terminating our membership and or withdrawing financial support if the misalignment with a particular position the trade association supports outweighs the overall benefits to GE of being a member.

GE’s Position on Climate Disclosure Regulations GE supports efforts to improve climate disclosure including emerging regulations in the United States, European Union and other jurisdictions that focus on material information, help align existing reporting frameworks, and recognize the evolving maturity of this type of information and reporting across companies broadly.

GE aspires to be a constructive and positive voice toward advancing informative and pragmatic disclosure regimes that are effective and meaningful for our stakeholders while promoting consistency in various regimes to reduce confusion and undue burdens.

GE has also expressed these views to several of our trade associations engaged in commenting and engaging on these rules with the goal of aligning on transparent and pragmatic disclosure requirements.

We have encouraged our trade associations to be supportive of such disclosure generally while recognizing that some trade associations may express constructive points of views, feedback and concern on elements of these proposals.

Positions of GE Trade Associations with Key Roles on Climate As part of this ongoing engagement, during the past year, GE undertook an effort to centrally compile a global inventory of trade associations and other relevant organizations that GE was a member of in 2022 and that engaged in policy advocacy related to climate change.

For each of those, we conducted analysis of how much work GE does with the organization and the organization’s level of policy engagement in this space.

From this broader list, we identified several trade associations with key roles on climate where we conducted a deeper analysis of each trade association’s specific positions on climate change, and how well those positions aligned with GE’s own policy positions and with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

We chose these trade associations, listed below, as the most relevant to consider for a more detailed climate position analysis based on factors such as the association’s level of activity or influence on climate related topics, the relevance of the association’s work to particular GE businesses or markets, and our judgment about the association that would be of greatest interest to stakeholders regarding potential Paris Climate Agreement alignment or misalignment.

The table below provides a summary of the alignment analysis, based on reviews of available policies and positions published by the trade associations.

The Aerospace Industries Association (AIA) is a leading voice in the aircraft, space and defense industries.

The organization advocates for effective federal investments accelerated deployment of innovative technologies policies that enhance the aviation industries global competitiveness and recruitment and retention efforts that support a capable and diverse 21st century workforce.

AIA is committed to playing its part in reducing the climate, noise and air quality impacts of the aviation industry.

In October 2021, AIA announced a net zero by 2050 target for the U.S. aviation sector’s carbon.

In support of this goal, AIA spearheaded a study with Accenture to analyze the state of sustainable aviation technologies and identify the types of public policies and investments necessary to achieve its net zero goals.

Issued in April 2022, the report, Horizon 2050: A Flight Plan for the Future of Sustainable Aviation, is a comprehensive guide to decarbonzation solutions based on technology specific data and analysis, including changes to airport operations and infrastructure, offsets and Sustainable Aviation Fuel (SAF), and cutting edge aerospace technologies emissions.

Expanding investments in leading edge technology like advanced and zero emission propulsion.

Advocating for policies that facilitate the increased use of.

Partnering with the government to enable and accelerate advancements in technology.

Collaborating with the government to develop the proper regulatory framework to enable commercialization of new technologies.

Partnering with other stakeholders to realize efficiency improvements through the modernization of our airspace.

Advancing climate action under the International Civil Aviation.

Organization (ICAO), which relies on a global approach to address aircraft emissions.

Working with international partners toward our common goal by sharing information and resources, and coordinating with governments around the world.

AIA recognizes a coordinated federal response is crucial to meeting the industry’s critical environmental goal of net zero emissions by 2050 and will continue to engage with policymakers in the FAA, NASA, DOE, USDA and DOT to coordinate federal investment in crucial programs like the Continuous Low Energy Emissions and Noise (CLEEN) program.

AIA has set a target to be net zero by 2050 and has committed to decarbonize through investing in technology, advocating for SAF, and promoting global standards and international agreements on aviation emissions.

We believe these commitments are consistent with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

AIA is also aligned with GE, as GE continues to develop technologies to reduce CO2 emissions for the future of flight through current advancements in engine architecture, aerodynamics and materials, along with the next suite of engine technologies including open fan architectures, hybrid electric and electric propulsion concepts, and advanced thermal management concepts.

GE Aviation is also supporting industry initiatives to approve and adopt 100% SAF and investigating hydrogen as the zero carbon fuel of the future.

GE’s efforts to innovate toward a net zero 2050 ambition for aviation are further described on page 44.

Business Roundtable (BRT) is an association of chief executive officers of America’s leading companies working to promote a thriving U.S. economy and expanded opportunity for all Americans through sound policy.

BRT believes addressing climate change and its impacts demands a robust, coordinated effort with a sound policy portfolio.

To avoid the worst impacts of climate change, the world must work together to limit global temperature rise this century to well below 2 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels, consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement, and the U.S. and the international community must aggressively reduce GHG emissions and create incentives for developing new technologies to achieve this goal.

BRT notes that in 2018 the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change reported that limiting warming to no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius compared to preindustrial levels will be necessary to avoid some of the most severe risks associated with climate change.

BRT supports a goal of reducing net U.S. greenhouse gas emissions by at least 80% from 2005 levels by 2050.

Building on its September 2020 publication of principle and policies for addressing climate change, in April 2022, BRT issued a Roadmap for U.S. Energy Policy, putting forward 10 policies to advance decarbonization, including expanding use of a diverse energy portfolio and clean energy technologies, enacting clean energy incentives, accelerating permitting of energy infrastructure, and establishing a price on carbon that provides a clear long term signal and incentivizes the development and deployment of technologies to lower emissions.

BRT also recognizes for the U.S. to reach net zero carbon emissions by 2050, an unprecedented amount of new infrastructure must be planned, permitted and built within the next decade.

With that in mind, BRT has advocated for bipartisan legislation reforming the permitting process for energy infrastructure projects to reduce emissions, uphold environmental protections and pave the way for the U.S. to become a clean energy powerhouse.

GE continues to work with BRT to ensure U.S. business leaders support ambitious policies in line with the U.S. commitment to the Paris Climate Agreement.

BRT opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons that were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives.

The reasons were grounded in broadly applicable tax policies that affected many of its members.

GE discussed the importance of the clean energy tax incentives with BRT and confirmed BRT staff understand these tax incentives will help keep the U.S. a leader in clean energy technology and innovation toward decarbonization goals.

Since the enactment of the IRA, BRT has supported policies to enable the success of the IRA tax credits through being a constructive voice on permitting reform.

The Canadian Chamber of Commerce represents over 200,000 businesses with a mission to drive change, partner broadly, and be the undisputed champion and catalyst for the future of business success in Canada.

The Canadian Chamber of Commerce supports the need for Canada to adopt an efficient and cost effective approach to climate change.

The organization has stated the 2050 net zero target is a necessity.

In support of that position, in October 2022, the organization and its Net Zero Council released a report, How We Get There Matters: Establishing a Path to Net zero in Canada, which highlights how Canada’s business community must play a key role in our sustainable future and responds to the Canadian government’s major climate change initiatives, specifically Environment and Climate change Canada’s (ECCC) 2030 Emissions Reduction Plan.

The Canadian Chamber used this report and its recommendations in testimony before the Senate Standing Committee on Energy, the Environment and Natural Resources in December 2022 to highlight the importance of Canada’s energy sector to meet both economic and environmental objectives.

In August 2021, the Canadian Chamber of Commerce created the Net Zero Council.

GE Canada President and CEO Heather Chalmers is co chair of the NZC.

The NZC meets monthly to support research and advocacy to shape Canada’s pathway to net zero.

Membership on the council is for businesses, like GE, that have made public declarations to achieve net zero in their operations by 2050 or sooner.

The NZC is dedicated to advancing business leadership on climate change and intends to release a report on effective cross sectoral pathways to net zero in 2022.

EUTurbines is a gas and steam turbine industry association aimed at integrating all European manufacturers of the sector, covering all relevant applications.

The organization promotes the role of turbine based power generation in a sustainable, decarbonized European and global energy mix.

The National Association of Manufacturers (NAM) represents 14,000 member companies, both large and small, across industry sectors to advocate around the four values of free enterprise, competitiveness, individual liberty and equal opportunity.

EUTurbines supports a sustainable transition of the energy system aimed at decarbonizing the energy sector and has expressed its support of the European Green Deal.

EUTurbines advocates for solutions such as renewable based turbines to help achieve a well functioning energy system in a future climate neutral economy, and believes all economic sectors need to swiftly adapt and drastically reduce their greenhouse gas emissions, starting with the energy sector.

EUTurbines supports dramatically reducing greenhouse gas emissions and swiftly transitioning to sustainable energy.

We believe these commitments are consistent with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

EUTurbines is aligned with GE policy, as GE agrees that the world must act quickly to decarbonize every aspect of modern life and that lower carbon solutions, such as switching gas turbines from natural gas to hydrogen, can lead to low or near zero carbon emissions.

GE offers the industry’s most experienced gas turbine fleet in hydrogen and similar low BTU fuel operations and continues to invest in research and development into hydrogen pathways towards zero CO2 emissions.

GE was involved in the development of EUTurbine’s H2 readiness definition, which provides a common understanding of hydrogen readiness for new gas power plants.

GE’s efforts to innovate toward a net zero 2050 ambition for aviation are further described on page 44.

The Gas Turbine Association (GTA) is an association composed of large and small gas turbine manufacturers, associated equipment manufacturers and leading research universities.

GTA’s primary focus has been on technology programs designed to increase turbine efficiency.

GTA advocates for public policies and regulations that support and promote the expanded use of gas turbine technology in all relevant sectors of the economy.

GTA supports developing and implementing a strategy for ensuring reasonable and responsible environmental practices for gas turbines, as well as environmental policy recommendations for communication to regulators and legislators.

GTA conducts dialogue regarding the development of a regulatory climate that encourages the use of clean efficient gas turbine applications in new and retrofit installations.

GTA’s advocacy focus is on federal research and development funding to drive carbon emissions out of gas turbines.

GTA is currently taking a broader look at hydrogen and carbon capture funding opportunities that allow further decarbonization of gas turbine technology.

In addition, GTA supports enhanced investment in research and development at minority institutions and Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) with programs advancing technology in clean energy, energy efficiency and climate programs geared to underserved communities.

GE believes when it comes to gas power, coal to gas switching can represent a fast and effective approach for emissions reduction in many regions around the world.

In addition, switching turbines from natural gas to hydrogen, and introducing carbon capture solutions, can lead to low or near zero carbon emissions.

GE Gas Power is currently the Committee Chair of GTA’s Environmental Affairs Committee, a position we use to encourage GTA to advocate for policies that make continued progress on carbon capture and hydrogen, which will decarbonize gas turbines in the future.

GE’s efforts to innovate toward a net zero 2050 ambition for power are further described on page 32.

NAM believes an environment and climate change agenda for the future must recognize manufacturers as the solution to emerging environmental challenges and build on the strong steps manufacturers have already taken to become more sustainable and tackle climate change apply sound science and evidence based approaches in new proposals and appropriately balance the United States’ economic and environmental interests so that achieving one goal does not mean ignoring the other.

NAM recommends commencing negotiations to improve on the Paris Climate Agreement and achieve a binding global climate treaty that keeps postindustrial warming of the planet to well below 2 degrees, and approaching 1.5 degrees.

This position is memorialized in NAM’s 2021 comprehensive climate blueprint, The Promise Ahead, which also outlines a broad manufacturers’ plan for action, supporting both an international, rules based system that is consistently applied to bind all emitters and ensure a level playing field, and a unified domestic framework that applies to all emitters and harmonizes GHG regulation.

NAM supports a binding climate treaty to keep postindustrial warming of the planet to well below 2 degrees, and approaching 1.5 degrees.

We believe these ambitions are consistent with the goals of the Paris Climate Agreement.

GE plays an active role on NAM’s Environment Committee and worked to update NAM’s policy on climate in 2020, which brought it more closely aligned to GE’s climate policy position and the Paris Climate Agreement.

Roger Martella, GE’s Chief Sustainability Officer and Vice President of GE Vernova Government Affairs and Sustainability, is NAM’s Sustainability Environmental Quality Committee Chair and Pat Byrne, Senior Vice President of Operational Transformation at GE, serves on NAM’s Board of Directors.

NAM opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons that were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives.

The reasons were grounded in broadly applicable tax policies that affected many of their members.

GE discussed the importance of the clean energy tax incentives with NAM and confirmed their leadership understands these tax incentives will help keep the U.S. a leader in clean energy technology and innovation toward decarbonization goals.

Since the enactment of the IRA, the NAM has supported policies to enable the success of the IRA tax credits through being a constructive voice on permitting reform.

The U.S. Chamber of Commerce (Chamber) is the world’s largest business organization representing all sizes of businesses to advocate, partner and network on a range of topics.

The Chamber advocates for policies that help businesses create jobs and grow the United States economy.

The Chamber engages on climate change policy approaches that acknowledge the cost of inaction and the competitiveness of the U.S. economy and advocates for durable solutions that leverage innovation.

The Chamber has stated it supports the Biden administration’s decision to rejoin the Paris Climate Agreement.

Support a market based approach to accelerate greenhouse gas emissions reductions across the U.S. economy.

In furtherance of these principles, the Chamber was one of a coalition of organizations representing the business community that supported the successful ratification of the Kigali Amendment to the Montreal Protocol for the economic and environmental benefits associated with phasing down the production and use of hydrofluorocarbons in February 2022.

More recently, the Chamber has called on Congress to enact a bipartisan permitting modernization bill to accommodate growing demand for, and investments in, solar and wind power to accelerate the clean energy transition.

We believe the Chamber has progressed on its climate change position.

This includes putting forth a comprehensive climate position that includes supporting U.S. participation in the Paris Climate Agreement, as well as calling on policymakers to act on climate.

Additionally, the Chamber has launched a task force open to its membership to inform the organization’s climate policy.

In 2019, GE joined the U.S. Chamber’s Task Force on Climate Action.

This group was focused on helping the Chamber understand the impact of existing and future policies on businesses and how to proactively address climate change.

The Chamber has made progress in recognizing the Paris Climate Agreement and being a convenor of companies and governments in pursuit of solutions to climate change at global venues such as COP27, where the Chamber facilitated engagement between American companies and the Egyptian government.

Activities following COP27 have shown the Chamber’s continued commitment to global climate efforts, including hosting a high level roundtable discussion among U.S. and UAE officials and the private sector focused on the Partnership for Accelerating Clean Energy, an initiative announced in November 2022 that aims to catalyze 100 billion in financing, investment and other support to deploy 100 new gigawatts of clean energy by 2035.

The Chamber opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons that were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives.

The reasons for this opposition were grounded in broadly applicable tax policies that affected many of their members.

GE discussed the importance of the clean energy tax incentives with the Chamber and confirmed their leadership understands these tax incentives will help keep the U.S. a leader in clean energy technology and innovation toward decarbonization goals.

Since the enactment of the IRA, the Chamber has supported policies to enable the success of the IRA tax credits through being a constructive voice on permitting reform.

In addition to the trade associations discussed above, the following trade associations and other relevant organizations were considered as part of our global inventory of groups engaged in policy advocacy related to climate change.

As noted above, we conducted an analysis of each of these organizations related to their climate positions and GE’s level of engagement with them.

The Louisiana Oil Gas Association opposed the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) for reasons that were unrelated to the clean energy tax incentives.

The reasons for this opposition were grounded in broadly applicable tax policies that affected many of their members.

GE discussed the importance of the clean energy tax incentives with the organization and confirmed their leadership understands these tax incentives will help keep the U.S. a leader in clean energy technology and innovation toward decarbonization goals.

As with climate policy generally, we recognize there is room for a reasonable divergence of views on specific elements and approaches of various proposals that may warrant constructive comment and engagement to find the appropriate balance between disclosure, transparency, regulatory burdens and material information.

Product Stewardship Product stewardship represents the responsibility borne by GE for the environmental and safety impacts of our products across their lifecycle.

Product stewardship focuses on managing the energy, water and materials that are utilized in the production, use and disposal of a product, along with managing product safety, at all stages of the product lifecycle.

In relation to product stewardship, circular economy is the enabling methodology to manage resources efficiently in a regenerative and restorative way.

Viewing waste streams as inputs across the product lifecycle reduces dependency on virgin materials by recapturing lost materials and redirecting them back into the economy.

In response to increasing scarcity of resources and the expectations from customers, investors and regulators for producers to take heightened responsibility for the impacts of products across their full lifecycle, GE developed product stewardship and circularity goals in 2021.

In 2022, GE businesses made progress towards achieving those goals while continuing to assess how to strengthen our efforts going forward.

GE’s businesses continue to pursue the safety, environment and external engagement goals identified on these pages.

Over the past year, more than 100 personnel in over a dozen different functions were activated in the businesses to both assess the progress of existing circularity and product stewardship initiatives, and to draft objectives and roadmaps to further incorporate circularity and stewardship steps into the business strategy.

This responsible approach to both our operations and products allows us to build upon the goals we’ve identified and continue to rise to the challenge of building a world that works.

Goal: Build on our existing safety culture to manage and mitigate product safety risks, meet or exceed compliance, and contribute to evolving more ambitious industry standards.

Partnership Goal: Leverage our market position to build partnerships within and across industries to deliver innovative solutions.

Communication Goal: Continue to strengthen our communication and demonstrate clear progress towards meeting our goals.

GE Vernova: Hydro Inspection Robot In 2022, GE Hydro introduced an Inspection Robot that can perform underwater maintenance inspections of the turbine runners, eliminating the need for maintenance operators to dewater, open and enter the turbine, which requires work at height and in confined areas.

The robot will help identify failures before they happen, save on maintenance and repair cost, and reduce unit downtime at plant sites.

This innovative solution to mitigate safety risk has been rolled out as a pilot program to select customers.

GE Aerospace: Digitizing Safety Solutions In 2022, our Digital business launched a solution to provide the aerospace industry with a new digital portal for safety analytics and flight data.

This Aviation Insight Portal provides airlines and operators with a dedicated system that translates complex data into clear and navigable outputs.

The insight is designed to help minimize the risk of human error by automating data digestion and reporting allowing for quicker and more reliable responses to be made.

This service is currently deployed with 37 customers, with a goal of 48 by end of 2023.

Water Goal: Establish a defined strategy to minimize the water footprint of our products and build on our approach towards water conservation throughout our operations.

Materials Goal: Develop a deeper understanding of the environmental impacts of our products through mapping material flows, volumes and composition to inform strategy and actions.

GE Vernova: Hydro Advanced Wastewater Treatment System GE Hydro’s Tianjin manufacturing facility in China uses an advanced water treatment system to clean water used in production.

The waste treatment system uses 70% less energy compared to a standard installation and reduces 90% of hazardous liquid waste at the source.

The system runs automatically without use of any chemicals or secondary pollution and reduces water consumption by 102 tons each year.

The cost of handling hazardous liquid waste is also reduced significantly.

GE Aerospace: Eliminating Waste Through Quality Enhancements At our site in Lynn, Massachusetts, kaizen events have helped to improve the quality of production parts and reduced scrap.

The B sump operation previously had a first time yield (FTY) of 50%, some of which could be reworked, but still resulted in significant amounts of scrap.

Following a kaizen event in October 2021, we were able to improve the FTY of this operation and thus reduce the amount of scrap created.

Quality was increased by improving hole preparation and cleaning before the weld operation.

This improved FTY from 50% to 80% as of April 2023.

Further improvements are being made, with a long term solution created to redesign the process to eliminate the need for the weld all together.

GE Vernova: Gas Power Caustic Waste Reclamation Our Gas Power business partnered with Veola to identify third party companies interested in purchasing waste caustic effluent to be used for acid neutralization.

This initiative brings circularity to hazardous chemicals by providing an end of life solution for problematic chemicals and substances, which can mitigate impacts on human health.

GE Aerospace: Open MRO Model GE Aerospace and CFM International11 support an open maintenance, repair and overhaul (MRO) network model, enabling airlines and third party providers to offer maintenance, repair and overhaul on their engine models.

For example, in 2022, Air France Industries KLM Engineering Maintenance (AFI KLM E M) signed a CFM Branded Service Agreement (CBSA) for LEAP 1A and LEAP 1B engines.

Under the terms of the CBSA, AFI KLM E M will provide the full scope of LEAP MRO services for operators worldwide.

Demand for LEAP MRO services is expected to grow rapidly in the coming years.

The open MRO model provides a way for third parties to offer engine services meeting original equipment manufacturer standards.

Goal: Increase the circularity of our products through reclamation, refurbishment and recycling initiatives, and evaluate the design of our products to incorporate circular thinking.

GE Vernova: Gas Power Extending Lifetime of Tobago’s Penal Power Station At the combined cycle power plant, GE modernized components that were over 30 years old, with the first flange to flange parts replacement project in Latin America.

GE integrated two new gas turbines that have the potential to improve the heat rate of the plant by 2.25%.

The project led to an additional 236 MW of capacity, the addition of 26 MW of output and created a 25 30 year asset life extension.

GE Aerospace: Used Serviceable Material Extends Part Life When an aircraft engine arrives at a GE Aerospace shop for maintenance services, the engines are disassembled into modules and components to be repaired or replaced with a new or used serviceable part to enable the engine’s continued operation.

GE continually invests in the development of repair capability and capacity to allow those components to be repaired to serviceable condition during engine restoration.

This repair capability allows used serviceable material (USM) to be used as an alternative to new material during that maintenance event.

GE Aerospace has been committed for more than 20 years to supporting the demand for USM.

The supply of USM is sourced from supply material at GE overhaul service shops, as well as used engines externally purchased by GE from asset owners.

Through GE’s engineering organization, new repair processes are developed to repair components using advanced inspection technologies and techniques, improving component repair yields to support global GE and CFM International12 MRO customers.

Each year, GE has thousands of used components physically inspected to determine if USM can be repaired and used in an engine maintenance event or if the material needs to be scrapped and potentially recycled for reapplication into manufacturing of new parts.

Biodiversity Biodiversity refers to the variety of plants, animals, habitats and ecosystems across the world.

There is a growing recognition of the role and importance that biodiversity plays in allowing businesses to sustain their operations and their supply chains, as well as providing opportunities for employee engagement in site and business programs.

Recent policy developments, such as the Kunming Montreal Global Biodiversity Framework adopted during the 15th Conference of the Parties for the Convention on Biological Diversity, are shining a spotlight on the importance of biodiversity conservation and why the global community, including businesses, should assess and strengthen how we interface with biodiversity.

GE understands the health and preservation of biodiversity are fundamental to ensuring a sustainable future for communities, nature and business alike.

In 2023, GE is piloting business level biodiversity assessments within selected business segments.

This work will help our businesses identify opportunities to protect and enhance biodiversity.

GE has also begun to assess the relevant voluntary frameworks and potential future legislation related to biodiversity.

The goal of these early efforts is to broaden business and functional teams’ understanding of nature impacts and positive solutions.

While our businesses work to understand their biodiversity impacts and opportunities at a holistic level, GE’s employees are actioning projects globally at the local and site levels through GE’s Green Team Network (GTN). Through the 2022 GE Climate Action Challenge, the GTN supported over 85 employee led environmental projects that will benefit the environment and communities where GE operates.

Planting of native Ohio prairie species The GE Aerospace Evendale Native Prairie team set out a 90 day challenge to convert one third of an acre back to native prairie, primarily through the removal of invasive species and planting of 24 Ohio prairie species of grasses and wildflowers.

Native prairies not only provide habitat for birds, butterflies, insects, reptiles and other small wildlife, but are also more drought resistant and less water intensive than many invasives, and help to stabilize soils.

Over 200 hours of volunteer time from 40 employees was provided during six events resulting in a new prairie habitat and over 80 new members joining the local Green Team Network.

GE Aerospace, Aero Engine Operation division formed a team that educated over 100 employees about invasives and their impact on the environment.

Partnering with Cincinnati Parks Department, Civic Garden Center of Greater Cincinnati and Cincinnati Recreational Commission, the team committed 50 volunteer hours to remove 55 invasive honeysuckle trees from approximately 1 linear mile of the Caldwell bike trail with the goal of allowing native species to repopulate.

This effort improved the use of the recreational trail and employee engagement with climate change and nature, and demonstrated the importance of partnerships.

The Avio Energy site in Pomigliano d’Arco, Italy, formed a Tree Team which conducted a tree census to document trees on campus, define their characteristics and estimate CO2 removal rates from existing plantings.

This information informed new tree planting at the site.

A second team used the Lean Digital Moonshine process to create a mobile phone app which allowed site employees to participate in the tree mapping exercise and to view the characteristics of tree species.

It also enables employees to monitor site garden watering and vegetables on an ongoing basis on average 40 employees use the app daily.

Also, with donations from the Gas Power plant in Veresegyh z, Hungary, site employees collaborated with the local municipality in October 2022 to plant 40 trees and 90 bushes within the city center.

A Green Team hub formed at the site location as a result of this event and has continued working to improve the local community.

Between employee holiday donations and business hub funding, the team was able to purchase and donate an additional five trees and 25 bushes for planting in the city, as well as plant three trees at the GE Veresegyhz property in February and March of 2023.

GE Aerospace and GE Gas Power employees at the GE Infrastructure Queretaro (GEIQ), Mexico, site collaborated to raise awareness of what a reforestation program entails.

The team partnered with local environmental agency, Ecosistemica, and public park steward, Caja Gonzalo Vega (CGV), to plant 80 trees in a rural area (Amealco de Bonfil) of Quer taro, M xico, and developed a proposal to plant 50 native trees inside the GEIQ campus, which was approved and implemented.

GE implements its commitment to environmental justice in several ways.

First, we are committed to ensuring all communities where we operate realize the strongest environmental protection from our activities.

Thus, we work to achieve environmental protection standards for all communities to the same extent regardless of the scope of applicable local regulations, if any.

Second, we strongly believe access to more sustainable, reliable and affordable electricity is critical to reducing poverty and hunger and promoting access to education and healthcare for all people.

As described on page 20, we are passionate about succeeding in the energy transition in a way that brings reliable electricity to everyone in a sustainable way.

Our technology plays a key role in helping governments reach their Paris Climate Agreement goals, while also promoting the UN SDGs, which we believe are the blueprint to achieving a better and more sustainable future for all.

See pages 7 10 to read about how our strategy and sustainability priorities align with the UN SDGs.

Third, we support policies to clean up and redevelop idle contaminated properties into new hubs of economic growth and job creation.

As described below, we are implementing an initiative to invest in remediating brownfields contaminated vacant properties that could serve better purposes once cleaned up particularly for public benefit in impacted and underserved communities.

As with any long standing industrial company, GE owns many former manufacturing properties that are no longer core GE assets.

These properties can be found anywhere from thriving manufacturing hubs to small towns and rural areas.

GE has committed to stewarding these unused properties responsibly back to productive reuse in a way that stimulates economic growth and community development, avoids blight and redirects GE’s financial assets back to GE’s operations.

For certain parcels with lengthy operating histories, this commitment can prove costly and time consuming due to obsolete infrastructure and environmental impacts.

Beginning in 2012, GE founded its Brownfields program to focus on repurposing the company’s former industrial assets.

The team categorizes its sites for action into two groups those properties with minimal impact that can be repurposed quickly, and those properties requiring demolition, remediation, regulatory engagement or other substantial work to promote meaningful reuse.

Using these categories, the team takes strategic action and makes investments following a brownfields’ pipeline to ensure that all sites move successfully through the process.

GE’s Brownfields program has advanced GE’s property stewardship while bringing value to GE and local communities.

Since 2012, GE has sold more than 350 properly prepared industrial sites, double GE’s pace before the program.

Almost 70% of these sites required substantial work to allow appropriate reuse, compared to 52% pre program.

By coupling a data driven approach to site preparation with an increased sales rate, GE Brownfields program has repurposed 1.9 times more challenging sites than GE’s previous approach.

Simultaneously, the team has increased average property sales values by 18%, allowing the team to recoup 1.4 billion in sales proceeds.

This is more than 2.5 times the sales value received over a comparable prior timeframe.

Moreover, by repurposing these idle assets, GE has shifted approximately 40 million that would have been paid annually to maintain these vacant properties back into core business operations, freeing up 235 million over the life of the program.

Beginning in 2019, GE enhanced its Brownfields program to prioritize cleanup and redevelopment of idle contaminated properties in environmental justice (EJ) communities.

The White House and the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) have defined EJ neighborhoods as those with disadvantaged populations that are most heavily impacted by historic industrial activity and least able to bear this burden.

In many EJ communities, financial investment falters and commercial opportunities lag despite property cleanup.

This leaves neighborhoods with vacant buildings or empty parcels that create blight and reduce further investment.

GE is committed to remediating and repurposing its contaminated vacant properties in EJ communities to help establish new hubs of economic growth that create jobs and to assist EJ communities to remove barriers that hamper realization of community benefits.

Using EJSCREEN (a software developed by the EPA) and the Climate and Economic Justice Screening Tool (released by the Council on Environmental Quality), GE reviewed its full inventory of more than 100 owned, underused properties in the U.S. to identify the 53 parcels that are located in EJ communities.

Focusing on these parcels, we have worked to define those barriers that discourage reinvestment and meaningful reuse, seeking community partners to help define local needs.

Local EJ community leaders have shared one of their most pressing needs is financial investment to remove obsolete buildings and infrastructure.

In response, GE has committed more than 40 million to demolish its obsolete structures in EJ neighborhoods.

Demolition is complete in Goldsboro, Kansas City, and St. Louis, Missouri, and is underway in Memphis, Tennessee.

EJ community leaders also identified site remediation and real estate repurposing as primary community needs.

GE has undertaken environmental investigation and cleanup at more than 45 of its highest priority EJ properties.

GE will work hand in hand with local governments, private groups, property experts and technical resources to define reuse plans that buttress community goals and catalyze sustainable economic development.

Strategies under consideration include improved neighborhood drainage and flood relief, green energy electric car infrastructure, industrial repurposing and community solar installations.

Disadvantaged Community (EJScreen) This 27 acre property with 354,000 square feet of manufacturing space supported GE’s lighting business from 1931 until August 2017.

The plant manufactured tungsten wire used in electric bulbs and electronic tubes, as well as tungsten and molybdenum powders, thoriated wire, tungsten ingots and pressed tungsten products.

After shutdown, GE decommissioned the buildings following Ohio’s EPA Cessation of Regulated Operations (CRO) protocols and received a notice of compliance in December 2018.

Subsequent Phase I and Phase II environmental investigations identified areas of concern.

In 2022, Ohio awarded a 4.5 million Brownfields grant to Weston, Inc. to demolish the buildings and perform additional remediation.

Weston purchased the GE property to bring jobs by developing an industrial campus with manufacturing and warehouses.

Disadvantaged Community (EJScreen) This parcel is one of GE’s most significant EJ priorities.

From 1913 through 2009, GE operated the 800,000 square foot Lamp Plant on more than 22 acres in Cleveland’s Collinwood Village neighborhood.

As one of GE’s original lighting facilities, the plant primarily manufactured incandescent lamps, while also developing manufacturing processes and equipment that GE used at other facilities.

After plant shutdown in August 2008, GE decommissioned the buildings following Ohio’s EPA Cessation of Regulated Operations (CRO) protocols.

Phase I and Phase II environmental investigations identified areas of concern associated with the plant’s long operating history.

Beginning in 2019, GE undertook a real estate process to identify potential users for the existing buildings.

Many developers and real estate professionals concluded the buildings did not meet modern reuse standards.

In 2022, GE coordinated with the city and obtained a demolition permit to remove existing structures a project that will finish in 2023.

Meanwhile, GE seeks potential collaborators for property cleanup, development and long term reuse.

Disadvantaged Community (EJScreen) From 1892 until January 2015, GE operated the 31 acre Fort Wayne Electric Works Plant to produce commercial refrigeration units, lighting and rotating machinery, and small electric motors.

During WWII, the facility supplied superchargers for military aircraft.

Beginning in May 2016, GE initiated an extensive marketing process in cooperation with real estate experts, various community focus groups, the state of Indiana, the city of Fort Wayne and the Fort Wayne economic development community to identify beneficial site reuses and capable purchasers with the capacity to realize them.

This extensive effort culminated in the 2017 property sale to create the Electric Works campus.

Five years later, with more than 250 million in investments and tax credits, the owner has transformed 10 buildings on the campus’ west side to support innovative uses including the Union Street Market Food Hall and the new corporate headquarters for Do It Best Corp.

The transformation will continue across other portions of the Electric Works campus.

As part of GE’s former Lighting manufacturing business, we leased a site near Yogyakarta, Indonesia, from the Sambirejo Village administration for solid waste storage (i.e., broken glass from lamp manufacturing).

Following GE’s exit from the site, the Village of Sambirejo initiated preparation activities at the site to facilitate redevelopment as a soccer pitch.

As part of the redevelopment effort, the Ministry of Environment and Forestry (MoEF) requested that GE develop a remedial action plan to address site conditions.

The approved plan included the installation of a protective multi layered cap over the site.

GE was able to work closely with regulators and the village to incorporate the construction of a soccer pitch into the final site restoration plans.

Work to provide a viewing plaza, spectator benches, access pathways and a parking lot was completed in February 2023.

Final site handover to the Sambirejo Village occurred in 2023.

Remediating Legacy Sites We are committed to managing sites that are, or may be, impacted with legacy contamination arising from current or former manufacturing operations with the utmost care, ensuring the health and safety of our workers, the communities in which these sites are located and the environment.

Further, we manage our remedial actions at these sites in compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations, as well as applicable federal financial reporting and reserve requirements.

In most cases, we work in collaboration with the appropriate federal, state or global environmental regulatory authorities charged with management oversight of these sites, and also work with other key stakeholders (e.g., local municipalities, the public) to encourage dialogue and communications that can be factored into our remedial decision making.

We employ a matrixed resource approach to remedial site management, utilizing a wing to wing team of in house and external environmental professionals and other subject matter experts (i.e., technical, legal, scientific, finance and communications personnel) to manage the full lifecycle of a remedial project, from investigation, to remedy implementation, to potential maintenance and monitoring obligations.

We draw upon the experience and expertise of this team of experts to develop strategies that utilize state of the art technologies and best management practices necessary to remediate and, in some cases, redevelop these sites and return them back to the local communities for productive reuse.

From a program management perspective, we utilize lean principles to drive long term solutions for the environment and company help identify process and programmatic issues that present opportunities for improvement and help drive more accountability across the team.

GE recognizes contaminated sites can be concerning and controversial issues for impacted communities.

GE works to develop solutions in consensus with key regulators and the public, to the fullest extent possible.

For a certain subset of GE owned legacy contaminated sites (i.e., brownfields), GE is also focused on cleaning up those sites to facilitate redevelopment and repurposing in the communities where those sites are located.

Once a remedy is decided, GE aims to exceed expectations on timing of implementation and efficacy of the outcome.

Some of our most significant projects that were designed and implemented in close collaboration with government agencies and other stakeholders are reflected below.

In addition to more than 500 million of environmental projects that we’ve completed in the Pittsfield, Massachusetts, area over the years, GE is currently working to design the Housatonic River (Rest of River) in river dredging and adjacent soils remedy.

Remedy design activities include submitting various site wide work plans, as well as implementing reach specific sediment, riverbank and floodplain soil sampling efforts that will culminate in a conceptual design plan for the first five mile reach that will likely be submitted to U.S. Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) in late 2023.

As part of the site wide work plans required for this project, we submitted a Sustainability and Climate Adaptation Plan to the EPA in September 2022, in which we committed to considering potential sustainability practices and methods as they pertain to reducing or minimizing GHG emissions to the extent applicable and practicable.

In addition, we continue the design activities for the Upland Disposal Facility that will be utilized for the protective disposal of up to 1.3 million cubic yards of lower polychlorinated biphenyl (PCB) concentration material.

GE is committed to moving forward with the work required to address the environmental condition of the river and the surrounding areas.

In 2022, following years of close coordination with the EPA in the cleanup of the Hudson River, GE and the EPA reached another voluntary agreement to collect environmental data in the Lower Hudson.

The dredging of 40 miles of the river north of Albany, New York, removed most of the PCBs in that area and sharply reduced the flow of PCBs into the lower river.

PCB levels in water have dropped at every monitoring station.

The EPA concluded the dredging project was effective in reducing PCB levels and said these declines are expected to continue.

The Upper Hudson has been extensively studied and monitored for years.

Less is known about environmental conditions in the 150 miles of the Hudson between Albany, New York, and the Battery (New York City) and about the many sources of industrial and municipal contamination that has been released in that part of the river.

As part of the 2022 agreement with the EPA, GE will collect data under the EPA’s supervision to better inform the decision of whether additional investigation or other actions are appropriate and if additional parties should be included in any future response actions.

GE continues to work with the state of New York on the remediation of our former manufacturing properties in Fort Edward and Hudson Falls.

GE and the EPA are also assessing Upper Hudson shorelines to determine whether, where and what form of remediation may be appropriate to address the environmental condition of the floodplains.

The Hudson River PCB Superfund dredging project has been a success...

This project is the most extensive dredging project undertaken in the nation and its success is a historic achievement for the recovery of the Hudson River.

People are at the heart of GE’s operations and strategy.

We released our 2021 GE Human Rights Report in 2022 to provide greater transparency into how we run our Human Rights program, from our suite of governance documents to our Due Diligence program.

This report details our program with respect to our own workers, those of our suppliers and the communities affected by GE operations and business relationships.

In 2006, GE was among the first American companies to issue a Human Rights Statement of Principles reflecting our commitment, among other things, to respect fundamental labor rights including the prohibition of forced and child labor in GE operations and those of our suppliers.

It is the cornerstone of our global program, grounding our commitment to human rights in the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the OECD Guidelines for Multinational Enterprises and the Ten Principles of the United Nations Global Compact.

Driven by those standards, we strive to respect the fundamental dignity of everyone we might affect directly through our operations, products and services, and indirectly through our business relationships across the globe.

Our ideals flow from the International Bill of Human Rights, the International Labor Organization Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and the UN Sustainable Development Goals.

We seek to treat everyone affected by our business and value chain including employees (see page 70), workers, customers and communities with fairness and dignity.

At GE, we’re focused on improving our impact on our people, communities and planet.

Respecting human rights around the world has long been a part of our culture of unyielding integrity and is embedded in our environmental, social and governance priorities.

A strong sustainability and human rights program is critical to our mission.

It is also professionally and personally important to our employees, communities, customers, investors and business partners.

We strive for transparency with our stakeholders to hold ourselves accountable and to drive continuous improvement.

In 2022, GE joined Friends of the Global Fight, an organization dedicated to ending the epidemics of AIDS, tuberculosis (TB) and malaria.

Friends of the Global Fight works in partnership with the Global Fund, a public private partnership, advocating for U.S. investment and programming to eradicate AIDS, TB and malaria.

Since March 2020, the Global Fund has expanded its scope to include U.S. and other donor support for the fight against COVID 19 by providing critical medical equipment and supplies such as diagnostic tests, personal protective equipment and medical oxygen.

GE is proud to support Friends of the Global Fight in its mission.

For our employees, directors and officers, GE’s The Spirit The Letter (S L) details our human rights expectations within the GE Human Rights Policy along with other related policies and procedures such as our Environment, Health and Safety Policy and Respectful Workplace Policy.

We use enterprise standards and policy documents to embed our human rights expectations and principles throughout GE’s business operations and value chain.

GE engages with external stakeholders to identify human rights risks throughout our value chain and collaborates with peers, experts and civil society groups to seek practical solutions.

As a founding member of the Global Business Initiative on Human Rights, GE works with multinational corporations through a cross industry peer learning platform to embed respect for human rights into business operations, drive improvements with peer learning, bring focus to emerging challenges and identify solutions.

GE has implemented operational requirements for businesses known as the Human Rights Enterprise Standard, which helps businesses identify and understand the salient human rights risks across the company and how they are expected to respond to those risks.

The Enterprise Standard sets out minimum requirements that businesses must adhere to regarding risk assessment and identification, due diligence of third parties, and escalation and remediation of any concerns related to human rights.

It provides practical guidance and best practices for business implementation to mitigate human rights risk within our operations.

The Human Rights Working Group, led by our Global Human Rights Counsel, meets regularly to discuss the implementation of the standard and the evolving landscape of human rights issues and risks in the communities we serve.

To read more about our governance process, please see our GE Human Rights Report.

A recent company wide global human rights assessment conducted by a leading human rights advisory firm identified four priority issue areas for salience and impact climate and energy product stewardship worker welfare and community welfare.

Both worker welfare and community welfare capture the rights of stakeholders upstream and downstream throughout the value chain they each also capture the potential to shape the world for good through the lens of the UN SDGs.

We detail our salient risks in our 2021 GE Human Rights Report.

Based on our engagement with the Leadership Group for Responsible Recruitment (LGRR), GE adopted and implemented the Employer Pays Principle with respect to any recruitment fees and prohibits the types of actions associated with the most common forms of modern slavery, including the withholding of immigration documents and misleading recruitment tactics.

As one of its initiatives, LGRR works with GE and member companies to create demand for responsible recruitment by raising awareness about the benefits of ethical practices and developing tools to help companies implement the Employer Pays Principle.

Since 2008, GE has been an active participant in the United Nations Global Compact (UNGC) aligning with the Ten Principles of the UNGC around human rights, labor, environment and anti corruption.

Over the years, GE partnered with the UNGC on initiatives such as the Human Rights Dilemmas for Multinational Corporations in Emerging Markets and participated in its Young Sustainable Development Goals Innovators Program.

Our Human Rights program depends on the practical understanding of our people and business partners.

Taking a multifaceted approach helps to address the human rights challenges GE faces in the various markets we serve and operate in.

We provide employees with learning modules on human rights and forced labor company wide policies and programs the causes and global footprint of forced labor and, most important, how they can serve a role in identifying and reporting possible signs of human rights issues when they are at GE operations, supplier facilities or customer sites.

GE strives to continuously improve our procedures to identify, prevent, mitigate and remedy our salient human rights impacts.

To learn more about our program, see our GE Human Rights Report.

GE is committed to unyielding integrity and high standards of business conduct in our dealings with suppliers.

Since 2002, GE has implemented an extensive Supplier Responsibility Governance (SRG) program to build and strengthen an ethical, sustainable and transparent global supply chain and establish clear social and environmental responsibility requirements for suppliers.

All suppliers must contractually commit to the GE Integrity Guide for Suppliers, Contractors and Consultants, which requires suppliers to strictly comply with laws and lawful business practices, provide a safe and healthy work environment, and meet GE’s standards of ethical conduct relating to human rights, the fair treatment of workers, environmental protection and resource conservation.

The guide also provides a strict prohibition on bribery and any form of improper payment in connection with any GE procurement, transaction or business dealing.

Other topics addressed by the guide include supplier responsibilities regarding responsible mineral sourcing, trade controls, privacy and security.

GE explicitly prohibits suppliers from using child, prison, forced or indentured labor and subjecting workers to any form of compulsion, coercion or human trafficking.

We further require that our first tier suppliers cascade the requirements of the GE Integrity Guide to their sub tier suppliers.

Under this multifaceted ethical supply chain program, suppliers are prioritized for detailed pre engagement and periodic follow up, on site assessments based on country risks (including human trafficking risk), supplier past performance and other factors, such as media reports or supplier employee complaints.

The SRG program uses a systematic approach for assessing risks in our supply chain, monitoring and improving supplier performance.

For more information on our SRG program, please see page 11 of GE’s Human Rights Report.

A country risk assessment, updated every two years, incorporating manufacturing risk along with human rights risk assessments lifted from third party data and risk indices.

For more information on our Supplier Due Diligence program, please see pages 11 13 of GE’s Human Rights Report.

Clear risk assessment criteria to prioritize suppliers for audits depending upon factors such as their location, if they are producing parts that will be incorporated into GE products and or if they use labor brokers to recruit migrant workers.

A rigorous auditing program using trained and certified SRG auditors, to assess conformance with our requirements prior to onboarding.

Monitoring the continued compliance and improvement of existing suppliers using thorough on site audits or remote audits at a typical frequency of one to five years based upon the supplier’s risk profile.

Recording, tracking and monitoring all SRG audit findings in our proprietary reporting tool.

We track all issues to closure, with verification of the elimination or appropriate mitigation of such risks.

GE will suspend or terminate a supplier relationship should the supplier fail to mitigate or eliminate issues as required by the corrective action plan.

Continual evaluation of new methods to assess and manage risk in our supply chain and effectively address the evolving challenges and risks.

For example, GE allows the option of desktop remote audits for suppliers so our auditing program could continue during the height of COVID 19 pandemic.

Applying the same scope and questionnaire used in the on site audits, our remote audits rely on digital tools to allow suppliers to provide supporting documentation and to verify the closure of audit findings.

Our goal is to work with suppliers to bring them into compliance and drive sustainable improvements in their operations and practices.

However, in the event of a serious violation of law, human rights or GE’s code of conduct, GE will act to immediately cease the business relationship.

The SRG program drives GE’s ability to continuously assess, monitor and drive improvement in its supply chain.

More important, through our regular communication and engagement with our suppliers, we can build their capability to improve their compliance, environment, health and safety practices, and respectful workplace practices, and reduce human rights and modern slavery risks.

Aligned with GE’s SRG program, GE strives to assure our supply chains are ethical and sustainable when obtaining products containing tin, tantalum, tungsten, gold (known collectively as 3TG), which are common constituents of many of our products from aircraft engines to wind turbines.

GE is committed to working to eliminate from our products all 3TG minerals that potentially finance armed groups in the Democratic Republic of Congo (DRC), or its adjoining Covered Countries .

GE’s Responsible Mineral Sourcing Principles outline GE’s commitment to respecting human rights through responsible sourcing practices when it comes to sourcing products containing these minerals.

GE prohibits use of forced or child labor in its operations and supply chain and proactively addresses these concerns through its Ethical Supply Chain program.

We recognize conflict is just one of the risks related to mineral sourcing where critical issues such as poverty, environmental degradation, child labor and general inequality must be addressed as well.

Each year, we undertake reasonable due diligence to determine if any of our products containing 3TG originated in the DRC or other Covered Countries.

We then file a report with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on the use of 3TG in our products and the outcome of our 3TG sourcing due diligence.

For additional information, see our most recent Conflict Minerals Report here.

Beginning with the 2020 metric year, our supply chain metrics reflect changes and improvements in GE’s Supplier Responsibility Governance (SRG) program.

The number of Total Global Audits is greater than total suppliers reviewed as some suppliers were audited twice (i.e., desktop audit due to COVID 19 restrictions followed by on site visits) or there were return visits to confirm corrective actions were completed.

Findings identified vary from policy improvements to process changes.

GE tracks all issues to closure with verification such issues were properly addressed.

GE will suspend or terminate a relationship should the supplier fail to implement adequate measures as required by the corrective action plan.

Respect for freedom of association is one of GE’s core commitments to all employees.

As of December 31, 2022, GE has approximately 5,745 union represented manufacturing and service employees in the United States.

Following the spin off of GE HealthCare, GE has approximately 4,670 union represented manufacturing and service employees in the United States.

GE has a long history of industrial peace and comity with its unions, in part because freedom of association is a core value.

Consequently, GE has enjoyed respectful and successful negotiations with its labor unions for many years.

Here are some of the labor unions representing U.S. employees the International Union of Electronic, Electrical, Salaried, Machine and Furniture Workers Communications Workers of America the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers the United Auto Workers the International Brotherhood of Electrical Workers and the International Federation of Professional and Technical Engineers.

The majority are covered by four year collective bargaining agreements that were ratified in 2019 and are scheduled to terminate in 2023.

GE is holding negotiations to enter into new agreements on or before their termination dates.

As of the date of this publication, the IUE CWA overwhelmingly ratified a two year extension of their current national labor contract with GE.

While the outcome of the remaining 2023 negotiations cannot be predicted, GE’s past negotiations have resulted in agreements that provide employees with good wages and benefits while addressing the competitive realities facing GE.

GE’s relationship with employee representative organizations outside the U.S. takes many forms, especially in the European Union.

We estimate our employees are represented by approximately 150 representative bodies throughout the EU.

Social dialogue is a key component of doing business in Europe and a driver of sustainable business growth for GE in the region.

GE values a positive and constructive relationship with its social partners.

Information exchange and consultation occur through works councils, trade unions and employee representative bodies at various levels of the business organizations in accordance with national laws.

For transnational matters, in 2018, we put in place a new GE European Works Council (EWC) structure it comprises a Central Committee focused primarily on enterprise wide issues, together with three business specific committees reflective of our GE Renewable Energy, Power and Aerospace divisions.

Those committees enable the exchange of information and input between senior leaders of the company and European employees’ representatives.

Together, GE EWC now covers approximately 99% of our European workforce, providing a voice to more than 40,000 employees.

In China, 14 of our 26 GE legal entities have unions representing nearly 5,000 employees, all affiliated with the All China Federation of Trade Unions, including our corporate employees in China.

In Latin America, many of our employees are represented by unions.

Today, Next Engineers is increasing the diversity of young people in engineering.

In our hometown of Boston, we are working to improve workforce diversity, attack the opioid crisis and drive STEM education in public schools.

We are also inspiring others to act by connecting GE people with communities through our Disaster and Humanitarian Relief program.

The GE STAR Awards provide financial support to eligible children of GE employees for their achievements.

The following are just a handful of the many highlights from the past century.

To experience the full interactive timeline, including photos spotlighting GE’s impact over the past 100 years, visit the GE Innovation Timeline here.

The GE Foundation recently celebrated 100 years of an enduring impact globally.

Since our founding in 1922 as the Charles A. Coffin Foundation, honoring the retirement of GE’s first president, we have been committed to transforming our communities and shaping the diverse workforce of tomorrow by leveraging the power of GE.

This year, the foundation’s signature program, Next Engineers, also celebrated one year of inspiring the next generation of engineers and innovators across four global cities Cincinnati, Ohio, and Greenville, South Carolina, in the U.S., along with Johannesburg, South Africa, and Staffordshire, England.

With a focus on increasing the diversity of young people in engineering, this global college and career readiness program successfully facilitated more than 12,000 student engagements since the program began, thanks to our program leaders, local partners and GE volunteers.

In our home state, we joined forces with the Massachusetts Maritime Academy to launch the GE Fellows Program and build a diverse pipeline of students pursuing clean energy careers.

The endowed scholarship program will fund career exploration programming for middle and high school students, scholarships for undergraduate and graduate students, and offshore wind training and certification program for adult learners.

What’s more, the grant fulfills our 50 million philanthropic commitment to the city of Boston and the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in STEM education, community health and workforce diversity.

Just as we’re proudly looking back on the foundation’s history in celebration of its 100 year anniversary, we are looking ahead to what’s next.

Given GE’s plans to launch three independent, industry leading companies focused on energy, flight and health, our team at the GE Foundation has been supporting leadership in each future company as they establish their own structures for giving and identifying key focus areas.

I’m excited to see what these incredible teams have planned to build the world of tomorrow by leveraging the power of three independent companies.

Our team is grateful to our partners and GE employees who have made a century of an enduring global impact and what’s to come possible.

Next Engineers’ Engineering Camp in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Next Engineers’ Engineering Academy in Staffordshire, England (photo credit: Erica Spangler).

The foundation aims to encourage and reward service in the electrical field by giving prizes to its employees recognition to lighting, power and railway companies for improvement in service to the public fellowships to graduate students and funds for research work at technical schools and colleges.1952The GE Education Fund is renamed the GE Foundation in 1952.

In 1954, the foundation creates the concept of corporate gift matching still in practice today to support employees in their personal philanthropy by providing a 1:1 match.

This is the first corporate matching gift program for colleges and universities, which over time revolutionized corporate giving and empowered employees and corporations to team up and leverage their higher education donations.1984The GE Foundation establishes the GE STAR Awards program to provide competitive scholarships to children of eligible GE employees around the world.

The program awards more than 15,000 scholarships worldwide, totaling more than 21 million.

The winners are chosen based on their academic record, extracurricular activities and community service, and personal experiences and goals as described in personal essays.2004The GE Foundation launches Developing Health Globally (DHG) to increase access to quality healthcare in underserved communities around the world.

DHG invests 145 million to train more than 2,000 healthcare workers in many disciplines, including biomedical technicians across 16 countries.

In 2015, the foundation launches Safe Surgery 2020, a 25 million investment, to drive improved access to surgery in low income countries.

The program delivers leadership and team training, education for hundreds of nurses to provide anesthesia, and access to vital medical oxygen for over 30 million people in low income countries.2021The GE Foundation launches Next Engineers, a college and career readiness program aiming to increase the diversity of young people in the engineering industry in four global cities Cincinnati, Ohio Greenville, South Carolina Staffordshire, England and Johannesburg, South Africa.

The program provides students ages 13 to 18 with first hand experiences in engineering concepts and careers, and ultimately awards partial scholarships to pursue higher education in engineering.

Investing in Boston and Massachusetts When GE moved its headquarters to Boston in 2016, the GE Foundation set out to become a true partner in the community, committing 50 million to charities in the city and across the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.

Here’s a look at what we’ve been working towards alongside our neighbors, colleagues and partners.

A special thank you to our partners in Boston and across Massachusetts who have made this work possible.

Next Engineers’ Engineering Camp participants work together in Johannesburg, South Africa (photo credit: Protec).

Increase access to STEM education in Boston public schools.

Reached 54,000 students with access to digital learning platforms.

Promote workforce diversity and economic opportunity for underrepresented and underemployed populations.

Goal: Reach more than 900 high school students and adult learners by 2025.

GE Fellows Program with Massachusetts Maritime Academy Foundation:.

Support community health initiatives statewide, with a particular emphasis on the opioid crisis.

In October 2022, the GE Foundation’s Next Engineers, a global college and career readiness program to increase the diversity of young people in engineering, celebrated its first anniversary.

The program provides students ages 13 to 18 with first hand experiences in engineering concepts and careers and ultimately awards partial scholarships to pursue higher education in engineering.

The Next Engineers program is located across four cities Cincinnati, Ohio, and Greenville, South Carolina, in the U.S., along with Johannesburg, South Africa, and Staffordshire, England.

Engineering Discovery is the first pillar of the Next Engineers program for students ages 13 to 14.

The purpose of this program is to expose students to the basic fundamentals of engineering through multiple, one hour exploratory experiences and hands on activities.

Students also have the unique opportunity to connect with real GE engineers who inspire young learners and highlight the array of engineering careers.

Engineering Camp is for students ages 14 to 15 to help them develop engineering identities through a weeklong immersive camp experience.

Students interact with experienced engineering faculty and staff, complete design challenges, work to solve real world problems, and interact directly with professional engineers and business leaders.

Engineering Academy is a three year program for students ages 15 to 18 to learn to think and act like engineers and prepare to advance to post secondary education it kicked off in all four locations during Next Engineers’ second quarter, January March 2022.

Thanks to the recruitment efforts of our community partners University of Cincinnati, Clemson University, Connectr and PROTEC, a total of 382 15 year olds from 119 schools applied to the academy, and 204 students began the program this year with approximately 50 students enrolled in each location.

Reflecting on the past year of Next Engineers, we have an opportunity to look at our progress and continue building on the momentum while simultaneously seeing where we can enhance the program for the betterment of our students long term across all four cities.

One of our Engineering Academy students in Staffordshire, England, said it best: I thought if I could enroll in the academy, I would be one step closer to my dream.

Next Engineers wouldn’t be what it is today without our employees, partners and communities.

Thank you for helping us reach our goal of increasing the diversity of young people in engineering and, more important, building a world that works for everyone.

Greenville, South Carolina In May 2022, GE volunteers and community partner Clemson University PEER WISE hosted an Engineering Discovery event.

In small teams, students took on the tall tower challenge and worked together to create the tallest tower possible using only straws, pipe cleaners and paper clips.

The goal of this challenge was for the tower to support the weight of a golf ball for two minutes.

This discovery challenge gave the students an engaging and fun hands on project to learn more about civil engineering in a team based learning environment.

Johannesburg, South Africa In July, 208 students from schools around Johannesburg participated in a five day engineering camp session at Witwatersrand University.

Students resided on the university campus while participating in an array of activities, challenges, and inspirational talks in a team building and interactive environment.

In one of the design challenges, learners were divided into teams of five, in which each member was responsible for one of the following project management, financial management, civil engineering, design management and quality assurance.

Throughout the week, learners spent time with university students experiencing campus life, getting them excited about their future opportunity to attend university to study engineering.

Cincinnati, Ohio Mya, a sophomore high school student from outside of Cincinnati, Ohio, comes from an academically driven family and was encouraged by her favorite math teacher to apply for the Next Engineers’ Engineering Academy program.

For their first project, students worked on desalinating salt water to make it drinkable.

She appreciates the program’s design challenges, which are focused on solving real world problems, saying, I’m always learning something new.

Staffordshire, England Engineering Academy students visited GE Grid Solutions where GE volunteers shared how they are an important part of the world’s transition to clean, renewable energy.

The GE volunteers presented what they do in their roles and provided examples of problems they tackle as part of their jobs.

Following the presentation, students took tours learning about grid automation and transformers, and participated in a workshop covering employee expectations, soft skills, personal branding and the power of networking.

The following day, they had the chance to take part in a hydropower design challenge at Staffordshire University.

Education is a significant driver of economic inclusion.

With a long history of education and workforce diversity programs, the GE Foundation made a 2 million commitment between 2020 and 2021 to support organizations focused on training and education.

Six of these organizations focus on diversity and equipping young people with the skills, knowledge and leadership abilities to enable them to become global leaders as they enter the engineering workforce.

National Society of Black Engineers (NSBE), Jackie Robinson Foundation (JRF), Advancing Minorities’ Interest in Engineering (AMIE), National Action Council for Minorities in Engineering (NACME), Society of Hispanic Professional Engineers (SHPE) and Society of Woman Engineers (SWE) were funded by the GE Foundation to provide scholarships, leadership development and mentoring programs to help diverse high school students pursue higher education in STEM fields, in most instances, in an engineering major.

To date, these organizations awarded 51 scholarships to students studying engineering, ranging from 5,000 to 40,000.

I am a female Latin American who desires to change the world one day.

My overall goal is to make an eco friendly car or aircraft that is affordable for everybody.

Once I receive my degree as a mechanical engineer at Texas A M, I intend to work in a renewable industry, such as automotive, aircraft or nuclear power plant industry.

I also plan to attain my master’s degree in mechanical engineering and business to expand my ideas and convert them into reality.

The GE Foundation is also supporting an innovative development program with the National Minority Supplier Development Council (NMSDC) called CyberReadyMBE .

The cyber program will help prepare minority business enterprises (MBEs) for contract opportunities with the U.S. government and with corporations across the U.S.

The cyber program aims to improve MBEs’ capabilities in a growing industry by helping companies get designated as cyber ready, provide them with cyber readiness pathways and connect designated MBEs to contract opportunities.

After a successful pilot program with 23 MBEs in 2021, the first cohort of the program was officially launched in 2022.

Over 240 small businesses attended virtual and on demand sessions with curated content designed to prepare MBEs to protect their corporations from cybercrimes by obtaining a cybersecurity pathway to close cyber gaps and build opportunities with federal and corporate stakeholders.

To date, 81 MBEs or 16% have earned their certificate of completion and eight MBEs have earned their CyberReadyMBE designation.

As a technology provider to small and medium sized businesses, many with limited cybersecurity knowledge, it’s critical to highlight our cybersecurity competency.

Completing the CyberReadyMBE program helps to demonstrate our cybersecurity competency.

John Mendes Vice President, Information Security, PamTen, Inc.

Developing Health The GE Foundation, through its signature Developing Health Globally program, has a long history of increasing access to quality healthcare in underserved communities around the world.

Through its collaboration with national ministries of health, public and private health facilities, non governmental organization and academia, the GE Foundation continued to see its multi sector effort improve surgical capacity and training with its Safe Surgery 2020 initiative.

Access to safe, affordable surgical and anesthetic care is a pressing issue in global health.

There are currently 5 billion people across the world who lack access to the safe surgical care they need.

The 25 million commitment has supported a five year initiative that focuses on transforming the accessibility, quality and safety of surgical care in low and middle income countries (LMICs), leading to reductions in maternal and trauma related mortality and stronger health systems.

The GE Foundation’s Safe Surgery 2020 and its partners continued increasing medical oxygen accessibility to patients around the globe, improved anesthesia training across East Africa, expanded medical tele education and tele mentoring for in service training, and strengthened health facilities through biomedical technician training.

Safe Surgery 2020 in Cambodia (photo credit: Harvard Medical School).

The GE Foundation established the GE STAR Awards program in 1984 to provide competitive scholarships to children of eligible GE employees around the world.

Since then, more than 15,000 awards have been given worldwide, totaling more than 21 million.

The winners are chosen based on their academic record, extracurricular activities and community service, and personal experiences and goals as described in personal essays.

Direct provision of medical oxygen to approximately 167,000 patients with over 170,000 cylinders of oxygen (over 1 million cubic meters of oxygen).

Development of a curriculum to install, maintain and repair pressure swing adsorption (PSA) oxygen plants, with the goal of strengthening local capacity to sustain medical oxygen production by preserving life saving equipment.

Publication of key learnings and cost analysis from oxygen programs across Kenya, Rwanda and Ethiopia in an academic journal so other practitioners can capitalize on lessons learned.

Evaluation of 28 PSA plants across five countries Burkina Faso,.

Burundi, Ethiopia, Ghana and Rwanda to source parts, repair plants and restore oxygen production capacity.

Provision of the first public sector training on PSA oxygen system maintenance in Mongolia to 110 biomedical technicians, which will be crucial to sustaining access to medical oxygen in Mongolia.

Creation of new tools for modeling medical oxygen production and demand, including oxygen accessory and consumable demand, at the national and regional levels.

Having reliable, functional medical equipment ready to treat patients is imperative to saving lives and providing high quality patient care.

However, the World Health Organization suggests that without trained biomedical technicians, up to 70% of medical equipment in low and middle income countries is nonfunctional and not available to care for patients.

Increasing the functionality of medical equipment across a network of hospitals by creating a biomedical service hub that trained biomedical technicians and provided them with tools, test equipment and spare parts.

Investing in the first biomedical service hub model in Tanzania which serves a network of 10 hospitals and increased the percentage of functional equipment from 63% to 84%.

Safe anesthesia is critical to filling the unmet global need of 143 million surgical procedures each year.

However, across sub Saharan Africa there are not enough anesthesiologists or nurse anesthetists to meet the surgical need.

The GE Foundation’s long standing investments in global anesthesia led to the development of the ImPACT Africa Anesthesia Curriculum, written by Vanderbilt University Medical Center and AIC Kijabe.

Strengthening Tanzania’s anesthesia training capacity at three major medical education institutions by upskilling both nurse and physician anesthesia educators and installing state of the art simulation labs where students can get hands on experience in a low stakes environment.

Providing in service simulation training to more than 448 obstetric surgical team clinicians across 10 hospitals in surgical team techniques that improve responses in obstetric emergencies.

Capitalizing on existing GE Foundation investments in educator training and simulation labs at two anesthesia training centers in Ethiopia to launch two new physician residency programs, even in the midst of civil conflict and a global pandemic.

These residency programs are the second anesthesia residency programs outside of Addis Ababa, which will bring increased quality of anesthesia care to the Amhara and Tigray regions.

Through this program we were kind of onboarded with new teaching methods that can be applied globally regardless of resource as long as there is internet I was allowed to use the resources from the Learning Resource Center (LRC) freely.

The participants are clamoring for refresher sessions and are practicing what they learned.

Their practice has changed It’s a great way to reach the underserved and the unserved for equity regardless of setting.

When the COVID 19 pandemic began in March 2020, clinicians around the globe needed evidence based strategies for treating very ill patients, keeping themselves safe and maximizing local resources in a world where scientific information was changing daily.

In response to this need, the Oxygen Therapy and Critical Care Extension for Community Healthcare Outcomes Hubs were born, capitalizing on existing equipment and expertise funded through the GE Foundation’s Safe Surgery 2020 Tele Mentoring program.

Even after the immediate needs of the pandemic, teams found that using a tele mentoring, hub and spoke model quickly disseminated important clinical information, built a clinical peer support system and developed a network of clinical trainers across the globe.

Since the spring of 2020, in partnership with Stanford Anesthesia’s Division of Global Health Equity and Assist International, the following tele mentoring milestones have been achieved: An open access course platform, the Global Anesthesia and Critical Care Learning Resource Center has been created and accessed by more than 3,000 users.

Safe Surgery 2020 in Tanzania (photo credit: Harvard Medical School).

Development of an implementation manual to share information on the programs and how to deploy them effectively with country policy makers for scaling up within the country.

Development of a detailed program to enable nations to create and implement their own National Surgical, Obstetric and Anesthesia.

Plans (NSOAP) to change policy, build surgical workforce capacity, test and implement new innovations, and contribute evidence to further improvements in surgical access and quality.

A primary tele mentoring hub, as well as 10 additional hubs across.

Sub Saharan Africa and two in Latin America (Columbia and Mexico) were established hubs in Latin America were directly funded by the GE Foundation.

Over 4,400 unique live participants attended tele mentoring sessions, 82% of whom plan to change their clinical practice based on learnings from this program, and 73% of whom describe this tele mentoring model as equally or more useful than in person mentoring.

Safe Surgery 2020 in Ethiopia (photo credit: Harvard Medical School).

Safe Surgery 2020 launched in Ethiopia and Tanzania in partnership with their Ministries of Health, global organizations as well as local partners from the surgical society, local teaching institutions and district hospitals.

In 2018, the initiative expanded to Southeast Asia, with programs starting in Cambodia.

Several outputs will carry forward sustainably for years to come.

Advanced knowledge about how to improve surgical quality in low and middle income countries (25 peer reviewed papers, 48 conference presentations and nine policy documents, chapter and case studies).

Training of over 2,900 healthcare workers in 58 healthcare facilities in three countries on safe surgery.

Establishment of two oxygen plants to improve the availability of oxygen at 40 healthcare facilities.

Introduction of registers to monitor the access and quality of surgical services and built capacity of surgical team members in how to collect, use and learn from data to improve surgical access and quality.

Development of an extensive network of local trainers and mentors, including 67 anesthesia trainers in Ethiopia alone and a global network of resources through Project ECHO.

Development of a validated Safe Surgery Organizational Readiness.

Tool (SSORT) to enable facilities to assess their readiness to deploy the changes required for implementation of safety and quality improvements.

Support of Tanzanian policy makers in research capacity building efforts including a country wide research capacity assessment.

Access to specialty healthcare in rural and medically underserved areas around the world is limited.

Project ECHO is an innovative model that builds the capacity of and reskills primary care providers to treat more patients with chronic, complex conditions, exponentially expanding access to care.

Through a 14 million, multiyear commitment made in 2015, the GE Foundation, as one of the largest funders of Project ECHO, has supported global replication and scale of this model.

By leveraging technology, primary care providers are linked with multidisciplinary teams of specialists who share their expertise.

As the primary care providers expand their knowledge and skills, they can begin to treat more patients.

With the GE Foundation’s support, Project ECHO has grown to over 5,800 programs operating in 194 countries.

The GE Foundation completed its final funding in 2022 of an 11 year initiative committed to changing the face of medicine.

Launched in 2012, the National Medical Fellowships Primary Care Leadership Program (PCLP) is an innovative service learning program.

PCLP provides health professional students from diverse backgrounds with an opportunity to learn first hand about the challenges and rewards of primary care practice at community health centers (CHC) across the United States.

PCLP was conceived as an opportunity to create a rich and immersive experience that would expose scholars to both clinical and non clinical aspects of primary healthcare delivery.

PCLP’s mission is to develop a pipeline of future primary care professionals from diverse backgrounds who are committed to serving underrepresented communities and to building capacity at partner CHCs.

Since its inception, the program has received over 11 million in GE Foundation grant funding and supported almost 700 scholars, 93% of whom are racially and ethnically diverse, 76% female and 84% choosing to focus their careers in primary care.

Thanks to the success of the PCLP program over the past decade, National Medical Fellowships has secured funding from other organizations to continue the legacy of building a diverse pipeline of leaders in primary care.

Fallen trees and other debris from Hurricane Ian in Florida impacted residents’ access to emergency services (photo credit: Team Rubicon).

GE’s Disaster and Humanitarian Relief program responds to major global disasters and humanitarian crises, drawing on GE’s people, technology and other resources to reduce suffering and hasten recovery.

In 2022, the GE Foundation’s philanthropic contribution to disaster relief totaled 1.475 million, which included support for the Ukrainian refugee crisis as well as relief work for other disasters and humanitarian crises around the world.

For the crisis in Ukraine, the GE Foundation granted 400,000 to the International Rescue Committee (IRC).

In Ukraine, IRC partnered with local organizations and networks that provided emergency assistance to individuals and families internally displaced by the harrowing violence.

In Poland, IRC procured medical supplies in order to provide basic medical care through local partner teams to deliver urgent medical assistance.

They also provided beds, sleeping bags and blankets for reception centers for new arrivals, and they offered lifesaving information on rights for new arrivals in key border areas, in city centers and around key transit hubs.

Additionally, for the Ukraine crisis, the GE Foundation granted Airlink 100,000 to secure logistical support and airlift responders and relief shipments to the region.

This support included passenger flights for skilled responders, charter flights for airlifting equipment and supplies needed for relief efforts, and on the ground logistical support.

Other GE Foundation disaster related grants were primarily focused on climate related crisis.

Grants totaling 600,000 were made for flooding in several areas around the world, specifically Brazil (Petropolis), South Africa (KwaZulu Natal), Pakistan, Nigeria and the United States (Kentucky).

Two grants totaling 350,000 were given for hurricane relief in Puerto Rico and Florida.

Additionally, the GE Foundation granted CARE 25,000 to support relief for the devastating economic and food security crisis in Sri Lanka.

The GE Foundation Matching Gifts Program The GE Foundation created the concept of a corporate matching gift program in 1954.

The program supports employees in their personal philanthropy charitable giving by providing a 1:1 match.

Today, the GE Foundation Matching Gifts program continues to serve as an important element of the GE Foundation’s portfolio, with gifts matched totaling over 1.5 billion since inception.

GE is a trademark of the General Electric Company.

LinkedIn, the LinkedIn logo and the IN logo are trademarks of LinkedIn Corporation.

Other marks used throughout are trademarks and service marks of their respective owners.