two 
thousand 
twenty 
three

The Charles Schwab Corporation
Environmental, Social, and Governance Report

Table of contents

Introduction 
About Schwab
Our approach to ESG
ESG highlights 

Investing and Stewardship 
Seeing Through Clients’ Eyes

Our Culture 
Creating a culture of respect
Fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion

Our People 
Investing in our people

4

16

24

37

Governance and Leadership 
Organizing and governing to build and maintain trust                                                           

46

Community 
Investing in our communities

Giving Back 
Schwab’s giving strategy

Environment 
Being good stewards of our environment 

55

59

66

Appendices 
Awards
GRI Index
SASB Index                                                                                                                    

70

2

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

2023 ESG Report

The Charles Schwab Corporation is 
pleased to present our third annual 
Environmental, Social, and Governance 
(ESG) Report. As in previous years,  
this report summarizes how we 
manage our company responsibly  
and sustainably for the long-term 
benefit of our stakeholders.

At a time when we are seeing a shift in public discourse 
around ESG, Schwab’s approach to ESG remains 
straightforward and consistent—rooted in the vision and 
values on which Chuck Schwab founded our company 
over 50 years ago. Operating our company responsibly is 
core to our long-term strategy of seeing Through Clients’ 
Eyes, which means treating those we serve—our clients, 
our employees, and the communities where we live and 
work—in the manner we expect to be treated ourselves. 

As we discussed in our latest annual report to stockholders,  
2023 was a difficult year for our stockholders. It was a 
year in which our strategy of staying focused on clients 
and the firm’s long-term goals through economic ups and 
downs became more important than ever. This strategy 
reflects our commitment to operating a business that is 
resilient and sustainable for the long-term benefit of  
our stakeholders.  

Our ESG initiatives are a key part of operating a 
sustainable business. At Schwab, ESG is not an agenda. 
Rather, we believe our ESG efforts, which span across 
the enterprise and into our communities, are essential  
to the longevity of our firm.  

Our purpose as a company is to champion every client’s 
goals with passion and integrity. When we commit  
to serving “every client,” that means respecting the 
differing views that exist across our client base of  
35 million accounts and empowering clients to create 
investment strategies that align with what they value 
most. For our people, it means giving them the 
resources to grow their careers at Schwab and feel  
a sense of purpose and belonging every day. For our 
operations, it means being mindful of our environmental 
footprint and taking actions that make sense for our 
business and the planet. And for our communities,  
it means using our philanthropic resources to advance 
financial literacy and support civic needs that align  
with our values.

Our ESG Report describes some of the actions we are 
taking to deliver on our purpose by investing in the 
sustainability of our business. We will always have  
room to improve, and we believe our commitment to 
seeing the world Through Clients’ Eyes will drive us 
forward in ways that provide lasting benefits to our 
clients, employees, stockholders, and society.

3

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Introduction

Since our founding, Schwab has served Main Street investors by giving them a broad array  
of tools, resources, and investment advice that our clients can tailor to secure their financial 
futures. Over time, our business has grown to serve a broader client base, and we have 
expanded our offerings to meet the diverse and evolving needs of all clients. Throughout our 
history, it’s been our unwavering vision to be the most trusted leader in investment services, 
and our purpose remains clear—to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.

4

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

About Schwab

For over 50 years, we’ve been challenging the status quo, looking for ways to offer 
our clients more value and a better experience. We are confident our approach  
can help people at all levels of income and every stage of life secure their financial 
futures. We emphasize and support investor choice by giving our clients tools and 
resources that enable them to gain knowledge and align their investment strategy 
with their personal needs, values, and perspectives.

As a pioneer in discount brokerage services, we have continuously sought to democratize investing. Guided by our core 
values, Schwab has grown into a leading investment services firm, a custodian for independent advisors, and a leader in 
asset management, digital banking, and retirement planning.

Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy places clients at the forefront and drives us to create products, services, platforms, 
and robust digital capabilities that shape our industry and help clients meet their financial goals.

OUR CORE VALUES

Trust

Earning our clients’ trust 
by treating them in an 
ethical, empathetic,  
and proactive way

Innovation

Constantly improving 
the client experience 
through innovation  
that benefits clients

Teamwork

Respecting fellow 
employees and 
reinforcing the  
power of teamwork

Stewardship

Being good stewards  
of our brand and 
stockholder value

This report provides descriptive and quantitative information about Schwab’s 
ESG approach through December 31, 2023. The terms “Schwab,” “the company,” 
“we,” “us,” and “our” refer to The Charles Schwab Corporation together with its 
consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or implied.

5

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

OUR BUSINESS

We offer a broad range of products and services through 
intuitive end-to-end solutions to address our clients’ varying 
investment and financial needs. Schwab provides financial 
services to individuals and the independent registered 
investment advisors (RIAs) who serve them through two 
segments—Investor Services and Advisor Services. 

The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, 
investment advisory, and banking and trust services to 
individual investors. This segment also includes Workplace 
Financial Services, which is comprised of Stock Plan 
Services, Retirement Plan Services, and Designated 
Brokerage Services. Mutual Fund Clearing Services  
and Off-Platform Sales are part of this segment as well.  

The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, 
banking and trust, and support services, as well as 
retirement business services to independent RIAs, 
independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers.

We completed our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, Inc.  
(TD Ameritrade) on October 6, 2020. In 2023, we 
transitioned most TD Ameritrade clients and advisors to  
the Schwab platform, and we continued our commitment  
to a smooth integration of the two organizations by not only 
combining our systems but also harmonizing our cultures. 
Our cultures have a foundation in our shared values and  
the Golden Rule of treating others as you would like  
to be treated. 

Brokerage
An array of full-feature brokerage accounts with equity and fixed income trading, 
margin lending, options and futures trading, and cash management capabilities, 
including third-party certificates of deposit

Mutual funds
Third-party mutual funds through the Mutual Fund Marketplace®, including  
non-transaction-fee mutual funds through the Mutual Fund OneSource® service, 
which also includes proprietary mutual funds, plus mutual fund trading and clearing 
services to broker-dealers

Exchange-traded funds
An extensive offering of ETFs, including both proprietary and third-party ETFs

Advice solutions
Managed portfolios of both proprietary and third-party mutual funds and ETFs, 
separately managed accounts, customized personal advice for tailored portfolios, 
specialized planning, and full-time portfolio management

Alternative Investments
Access to a variety of third-party alternative investments, such as private equity 
and real estate

Banking and trust
Checking and savings accounts, residential real estate lending through our home 
loan provider Rocket Mortgage®, securities-based lending, trust custody services, 
personal trust reporting services, and administrative trustee service

6

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

INVESTOR SERVICES

 Retail investors

Workplace Financial Services

Individual investors have access to a broad  
set of products, tools, educational content, 
trading, and advisory solutions. We offer 
award-winning, 24/7 service to all our clients, 
regardless of asset levels. Most clients choose 
to interact with us via phone or a digital 
channel, but our omnichannel approach  
also provides access to in-person support 
nationwide at one of Schwab’s more than  
380 branch offices.

We offer our clients advice and guidance 
through a broad set of relationship models 
that help personalize the investing journey. 
Financial Consultants, Active Trader Financial 
Consultants, and Wealth Consultants in our 
branches and regional centers focus on 
building dedicated client relationships. We also 
have a range of professionals available to 
support clients with a broad set of specialized 
needs, including financial planning, managed 
investing, estate management, and equity 
compensation. Our banking and trust services 
support our clients’ banking needs, including 
certain lending services.

We offer equity compensation plan sponsors 
full-service record-keeping for stock plans, 
stock options, restricted stock, performance 
shares, stock appreciation rights, and a full 
range of participant support services through 
our Stock Plan Services business unit. 
Retirement Plan Services offers a bundled 
401(k) retirement plan product that provides 
retirement plan sponsors with extensive 
investment options, trustee and custodial 
services, and participant-level recordkeeping. 
We also offer retirement plan design features, 
which increase plan efficiency and achieve 
employer goals, such as automatic enrollment, 
automatic fund mapping at conversion,  
and automatic contribution increases. In 
addition to an open architecture investment 
platform, we offer access to low-cost index 
mutual funds and ETFs.

Individuals investing for retirement through 
401(k) plans can take advantage of multiple 
investment choices, education, and  
third-party advice.

Charles Schwab received the highest score in the J.D. Power 2023 U.S. Full-Service Investor Satisfaction StudySM, which measures investor satisfaction with full-service investment firms. 
Visit jdpower.com/awards for more details. The J.D. Power 2023 U.S. Full-Service Investor Satisfaction StudySM is independently conducted, and the participating firms do not pay to  
participate. Use of study results in promotional materials is subject to a license fee.

The IBD Most Trusted Bank award was given to Charles Schwab Bank on September 25, 2023, and expires December 31, 2024. The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by 
Investor’s Business Daily. IBD’s Criteria and Methodology. Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for the use of the award and logos.

RECOGNITION
We are grateful for the recognition we have 
received for earning our clients’ trust. 

Investor’s Business Daily

J.D. Power

2023 Most Trusted Financial 
Services Companies Bank

2023 Highest in Investor 
Satisfaction with Full-Service 
Brokerage Firms

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab Corporation

7

INTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

ADVISOR SERVICES

Registered Investment Advisors

We provide custodial, trading, banking,  
and support services to RIAs and their clients, 
along with retirement business services  
to independent retirement advisors and 
recordkeepers. In addition to focusing on 
superior service, we use technology to provide 
RIAs with a highly developed, scalable platform 
for administering their clients’ assets easily and 
efficiently. RIAs are not employees of Schwab 
and maintain an independent relationship.

We offer a variety of services to help RIAs 
grow and manage their practices—including 
business, technology, and operations 
consulting on a range of topics critical to  
an RIA’s success—as well as an annual RIA 
Benchmarking Study to help firms understand 
key business metrics relative to their peers. 
We also offer an array of services to help 
advisors establish their own independent 
practices through a robust prospect consulting 
offer and access to business startup and 
transition consultants, technology engineers, 
and dedicated service teams.

Schwab provides extensive educational 
materials, programs, and events to RIAs 
seeking to expand their knowledge of industry 
issues and trends as well as sharpen their 
individual expertise and practice management 
skills. We conduct industry research and 
sponsor events that address topics of interest 
to RIAs, including business strategies and  
best practices.

For more information on our two operating 
segments, please see our Annual Report on 
Form 10-K filed with the SEC and Schwab’s 
Our Company. You can learn more about our 
asset management and banking solutions  
by visiting the respective Schwab Asset 
Management® and Schwab Bank websites.

8

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

SCHWAB BY  
THE NUMBERS*

$8.9T

Total client assets 

33K

35M

1.9M

Total employees

Brokerage accounts

Banking accounts

1973

Established in  
San Francisco, 
California; today, 
headquartered in 
Westlake, Texas

~15K

RIA firms served

$982.5B

All proprietary  
mutual funds  
and ETFs

5.2M†

Workplace plan 
participant  
accounts 

*Total client assets and brokerage accounts based on combined data for Schwab and TD Ameritrade, Inc. as of February 29, 2024. All other data as of December 31, 2023. 

†Beginning in the fourth quarter 2023, Retirement Plan Participants was expanded to include accounts in Stock Plan Services, Designated Brokerage Services, and 
Retirement Business Services. Participants may be enrolled in services in more than one Workplace business. Prior periods have been recast to reflect this change.

9

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Our approach to ESG

Our commitment to creating long-term 
value and our belief in investing for the 
future drive our approach to ESG, just 
as they drive our day-to-day work.

Our brokerage offerings focus on meeting the needs of all 
clients, including those who choose various ESG investing 
approaches. We offer tools and products designed to help 
clients build knowledge and make informed choices about 
their personal investing strategies. Clients that choose to 
consider ESG principles in their investment strategies can 
incorporate approaches that range from impact to 
thematic to risk-mitigation and value-driven products. 

Schwab Asset Management, our asset management 
business, offers several ESG investment opportunities  
in both equity and fixed-income, including an ESG 
exchange-traded fund, as well as positive impact and 
ESG-focused separately managed accounts. In addition, 
in accordance with its proxy voting policy, Schwab  
Asset Management uses its proxy votes to encourage 
transparency, corporate governance structures, and  
the management of ESG issues that it believes protect 
and promote shareholder value. 

Our core values of trust, innovation, teamwork, and 
stewardship guide our interactions with our stakeholders 
and the communities we serve. Our values embody how 
we execute our vision to be the most trusted leader in 
investment services. Our values, purpose, vision, and 
Through Clients’ Eyes strategy anchor our approach  
to ESG.   

Because of the diversified nature of our business,  
we consider ESG from both a corporate perspective  
and an asset management perspective. We recognize 
that Schwab and Schwab Asset Management have  
different stakeholders and approach ESG in different  
but complementary ways that align with our Through 
Clients’ Eyes strategy.  

For The Charles Schwab Corporation, we consider 
specific risks and opportunities associated with 
environmental, social, and governance issues most 
relevant to our business and our stakeholders, and we 
strive for continuous improvement in areas that support 
our strategy. The Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee of Schwab’s Board of Directors has primary 
oversight of our ESG programs and priorities and reports 
to the full board. Our ESG Policy and Reporting Office, 
led by a managing director, is dedicated to assessing, 
reporting, advancing, and integrating ESG considerations 
on a cross-functional basis in alignment with our  
Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

10

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT

Our approach to ESG begins with our stakeholders, 
many of whom consider ESG issues important.  
In the conduct of our business, we regularly engage 
with key stakeholders to understand and meet their 
expectations. Their perspectives inform how we,  
in turn, consider and prioritize ESG factors. These 
stakeholders include:

Retail investors
Maintaining continuous engagement with our clients, 
including through the use of surveys relating to trust, 
reputation, and service levels, is core to our business.

 Independent advisors
We maintain open lines of communication with the 
independent RIAs we serve, and we regularly convene 
an advisory council of RIAs to provide direct feedback 
on issues that are important to their business.

Employees
We keep employees apprised of the company’s 
strategy and performance through regular town 
halls and quarterly updates. We stay connected in  
a number of ways, including employee engagement 
surveys, Employee Resource Groups, advisory 
groups consisting of Financial Consultants and 
Branch Managers, and our broad-based employee 
advisory council. Our “Ask Walt” and “Ask the 
Executive Council” channels allow employees to 
submit questions directly to company leaders. 

Stockholders
Through our Investor Relations team, we regularly 
engage with our stockholders on matters of concern 
to them, including climate, governance, and diversity. 
In 2023, we met with stockholders representing more 
than 50% of our outstanding shares.

 Government
For legislative and regulatory activity related  
to our business, we engage with policy leaders 
on both sides of the aisle and propose policy 
alternatives that we believe protect and 
champion the interests of individual investors 
and the RIAs who serve them.

 Ratings providers
We participate in the ESG ratings process, 
including through dialogue and responses to 
questionnaires. Examples of ratings providers 
with a focus on ESG issues with whom we 
engage include Morningstar®, MSCI®, 
Sustainalytics, proxy advisory firms ISS and 
Glass, Lewis & Co., LLC®, and specialized 
reporting on climate through CDP.

  Community
Through Charles Schwab Foundation and 
Charles Schwab Banking & Trust Services, we 
engage with the communities where we live and 
work through education, volunteerism, financial 
support, and mentorship. Our culture of service 
includes empowering our employees to connect 
with and help address local community needs.

11

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

OUR ESG ASSESSMENT

SCHWAB’S ESG INDICATORS

Our stakeholders express a variety of views on a range of 
ESG factors. As with other strategic priorities, we believe 
that each organization must assess the ESG factors that 
are most relevant to its stakeholders and core to creating 
a sustainable and resilient business.

Business-relevant ESG indicators

We developed a list of indicators specific to Schwab 
across environmental, social, and governance factors. 
These indicators are informed by GRI (Global Reporting 
Initiative) standards relevant to our business and the 
Financial Sector SASB (Sustainability Accounting 
Standards Board) standards for Asset Management & 
Custody Activities and Commercial Banks (as applicable) 
published by the ISSB (International Sustainability 
Standards Board).

We reviewed these indicators with a number of internal 
and external stakeholders to assess their importance.

As the ESG reporting space matures and ESG factors 
relevant to our industry become more standardized, we 
expect our Schwab-specific indicators, their definitions, 
and parameters (described in the following tables)  
to evolve as well.

Social and investing
Seeing through clients’ eyes

ESG-Themed Investment Products:
Investment products that include consideration of material 
ESG factors in the traditional financial analysis and 
investment process as a measure of long-term  
performance in portfolio creation

Sustainability-Themed Investment Products: 
Investment products that seek to have an environmental 
and/or social outcome (e.g., renewable energy funds)

Data Privacy & Security:
Identifying and addressing vulnerabilities and threats to 
client and employee data security, safeguards for preventing 
fraudulent transactions and breach of privacy or data 
security, and responsible use of big data

Client Service: 
Honest and transparent communications, managing client 
risks, improving consumer financial security, and ensuring 
that products and services meet client expectations

Social
Investing in our people and creating  
a culture of respect

Employee Diversity & Inclusion:
Workforce that reflects our business and clients and  
the communities in which we operate

Talent: 
Pipeline of top talent and professional growth and 
development opportunities

Employee Well-Being: 
Competitive pay and employee benefits, a healthy and  
safe work environment, and programs to promote overall 
employee well-being

Responsible Sourcing: 
Policies and procedures for responsible environmental  
and social sourcing practices, including meeting 
internationally agreed-upon labor standards in working  
hours and conditions, wages and benefits, humane 
treatment of workers employed in the supply chain,  
and supplier diversity

12

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

SCHWAB’S ESG INDICATORS

Governance & Leadership 
Organizing and governing to build  
and maintain trust

Social 
Investing in and giving back to  
our communities

Ethical Business Practices:
Fostering an environment of transparency and high ethical 
standards in business conduct and to work against 
corruption, extortion, and bribery in all markets in which 
Schwab operates or does business

Board Composition & Effectiveness:
Promoting director independence, diversity, and other 
qualifications to secure the long-term success of the 
company and its sustained competitiveness

Board Responsiveness & Stockholder Engagement:
Fostering the rights and voice of stockholders with  
respect to voting, proposals, and accountability  
and election of directors

Legal & Regulatory Compliance:
Ensuring compliance with legal and regulatory expectations

Commitment to Risk Management:
Cultivating a robust risk control environment through risk 
control assessments across business operations and within 
individual departments, including ESG risks

Public Policy Engagement:
Engaging on public policy initiatives in line with corporate 
values and standards, as well as ESG issues

Financial Literacy:
Increasing access to financial literacy among 
underrepresented groups and under-resourced 
communities

Community Relations:
Fostering strong communities through monetary 
contributions, charitable gifts, partnerships with  
community organizations, and time contributions  
through paid volunteer hours

Environment
Being good stewards of  
our environment 

Environmental Footprint:
Supporting responsible natural resource management  
in direct operations and supply chain

Climate Change:
Maintaining a strategic action plan for carbon mitigation  
and carbon offsets, with the overall goal of achieving  
net carbon neutrality by a designated year

13

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

ASSESSING RELATIVE IMPORTANCE

To identify the most relevant ESG indicators to our business and stakeholders and the relative importance of such indicators, 
we conducted a firm-wide ESG assessment in 2021. In 2022, we expanded the ESG assessment by including discussions 
with key client advisory groups within our Advisor Services and Workplace Financial Services businesses. Conversations with 
internal and external stakeholders have provided valuable perspectives on ESG and its interconnectedness with our clients’ 
values and the interest clients may have in ESG strategies.

To assess the importance of the relevant ESG issues in 
our businesses, we hosted numerous focus groups to 
conduct the ESG assessment and prioritize Schwab’s 
ESG indicators. Each focus group was asked to prioritize 
the importance of these indicators for Schwab to fulfill 
our vision as the most trusted leader in investment 
services within the next five years as well as the 
importance of these indicators to them.

We also engaged in deeper one-on-one conversations, 
including with institutional owners of Schwab stock, 
senior management, investor relations, legislative affairs, 
corporate strategy, financial consultants, independent 
branch leaders, relationship managers for RIAs and 
corporate clients, the human resources team, business 
heads, and our corporate real estate team.

In many ways, the ESG assessment reinforced our 
Through Clients’ Eyes strategy and focus. Our business is 
based on earning the trust of all our critical stakeholders. 
We build trust among these stakeholders, in part, by 
managing our business with integrity and in ways that 
foster a sustainable and resilient business.

l

s
r
e
d
o
h
e
k
a
t
s
o
t

e
c
n
a
t
r
o
p
m

I

CATEGORIES

Governance & Leadership

Environment

Social

Investing

Sustainability-Themed 
Investment Products

ESG-Themed Investment Products

Community Relations

Legal & Regulatory  
Compliance

Commitment to Risk 
Management

Employee 
Well-Being

Ethical Business 
Practices

Data Privacy  
& Security

Client Service

Public Policy 
Engagement

Talent

Employee Diversity  
& Inclusion

Board Composition  
& Effectiveness

Financial Literacy

Environmental 
Footprint

Climate Change

Board Responsiveness 
& Stockholder Engagement

Responsible 
Sourcing

Impact on business

14

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTION 
 
CONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

ESG highlights

On this page, we summarize some of our ESG programs and priorities, which we describe in more detail throughout this report. 

Governance and Leadership
The Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee of Schwab’s Board of Directors  
has primary oversight of our ESG programs  
and priorities and reports to the full board.

ESG Investing
We champion every client’s goals through 
offerings and services built to support investor 
choice. Schwab Personalized Indexing™ allows 
clients to customize investments to reflect their 
particular goals and values. Schwab Investing 
Themes allows clients to invest in thematic lists 
of stocks aligned with their interests and values, 
including ESG-related themes such as renewable 
energy, electric vehicles, workforce diversity 
leaders, and water sustainability.

Environment
Schwab takes a project-based approach to 
reducing our environmental impact, studying  
the conditions at each location and pursuing 
opportunities for improvement as they arise.

A Culture of Respect and Belonging
Our four-pillar D&I strategy—workforce, 
workplace, marketplace, and community—
supports our culture of belonging and helps 
drive meaningful impact. Scholarship and 
university grant programs support diversity  
and inclusion in the financial services industry, 
and our Fair & Responsible Banking group helps 
ensure that all clients and communities where  
our clients reside are treated fairly. 

Our People
Schwab’s human-centric employee value 
proposition considers the intrinsic needs of  
our employees to establish connections, share  
a sense of purpose, enable personal growth, 
and nurture well-being. Career development 
programs spanning our entire workforce and 
employee lifecycle give employees choice  
in how to achieve their personal and  
professional aspirations.

Community
Through our Community Development  
Group, we aim to serve the needs, including  
the credit needs, of low- and moderate-income 
neighborhoods where we do business. Our 
skills-based approach to volunteerism through 
the Community Development Group allows  
us to maximize our impact by sharing our 
employees’ expertise with the community-
based organizations that we support.

Giving Back
Our giving mission is to empower people 
through financial education and foster strong 
communities. Support for financial literacy 
through key partnerships and our flagship 
Moneywise America program helps young 
people become more financially confident  
and secure.

15

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINTRODUCTIONCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Investing and 
stewardship

Our purpose as a company is to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.  
This purpose drives us to help our clients take ownership of their financial futures. To do  
this, we offer investors a contemporary, full-service approach to building and managing  
their investments. We provide investment-related products, services, and sophisticated 
financial planning that combine the best of what people and technology have to offer.

16

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Seeing Through Clients’ Eyes

Investor choice is the cornerstone of helping our clients 
own their tomorrow. Our goal is to provide the tools, 
products, and services that clients want and the support 
they need to pursue their individual portfolio strategies. 
For investors who want to consider environmental and 
social issues in building their portfolios, we provide ESG 
investing options that align with their goals. We describe 
some of these ESG offerings beginning on page 19. 

Our commitment to providing a 
personalized approach to investing  
is evident in our varied product 
offerings and service models. Our 
Through Clients’ Eyes strategy drives 
us to embrace the diversity of our 
client base and the different ways  
that clients manage their portfolios, 
including ESG investing.

Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy also 
drives our approach to proxy voting. As  
a leading asset manager, Schwab Asset 
Management has a responsibility to use 
its proxy votes to maximize shareholder 
returns and encourage transparency, 
corporate governance structures, and 
management of relevant issues that  
it believes will protect and promote 
shareholder value. We describe Schwab 
Asset Management’s approach to proxy 
voting and stewardship on page 21.

THROUGH CLIENTS’ EYES GUIDES 
HOW WE DO BUSINESS

Trust is paramount in the many roles we play 
in serving our individual and institutional 
clients with their investment needs, including: 

• As a broker, empowering the individual 
investor with a spectrum of investment 
products and services

• As an advisor, guiding clients to meet their 

investment goals

• As a custodian, safeguarding client assets

• As a manager of separately managed 

accounts and proprietary investment funds

• As a fiduciary, engaging with issuers and 
exercising our proxy voting responsibilities

• As an administrator of employers’ retirement 

and equity compensation plans

• As a bank, deepening client relationships 
and providing an excellent experience for 
every investor we serve

17

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

PERSONALIZED 
INVESTING FOR  
THE MAIN STREET 
INVESTOR

From the beginning, we set out to empower the individual 
investor. Implicit in empowering our clients is helping them 
develop a sustainable investing approach that enables  
them to adapt to the market and their needs through  
life’s changes.  

We believe a strong relationship is based on transparency 
and trust, and our website includes extensive explanations 
and details about how we are compensated for each product 
or service, along with the associated risks, potential conflicts 
of interest, and other considerations.

The retail investor remains our primary client base, even as 
we have grown to serve institutional clients, independent 
advisors, and employers through our Workplace Financial 
Services business. Staying true to our roots, we offer a 
variety of products, services, and solutions for clients. Many 
of these investment products include options dedicated to 
ESG considerations for our clients who want the choice of 
having these products in their portfolios.

Self-directed brokerage
At Schwab.com, any individual in the U.S. can open a brokerage account with  
any dollar amount. Through our scale and offerings, individual investors who  
want to control all aspects of their investment strategy can access the whole  
suite of investment products and services. These run the gamut of our Schwab 
proprietary options—such as Schwab Funds® and Schwab Stock Slices™—and 
include stocks, fixed income alternatives, and third-party mutual funds and ETFs.

Managed Account Select®
Clients have access to a range of investment strategies with direct ownership, 
control, and transparency of underlying securities. The account is managed on a 
client’s behalf by a third-party professional asset management firm of the client’s 
choice that has been vetted by Schwab Center for Financial Research, a division of 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc., based on rigorous, research-based quality standards.

Schwab Managed Portfolios™ portfolio solutions
Schwab Asset Management creates a number of distinct proprietary Schwab  
mutual funds and ETFs managed by our portfolio asset managers. Schwab Managed 
Portfolios is an advice solution that uses Schwab Funds and ETFs and third-party 
mutual funds and ETFs to create a variety of model portfolios with different 
investment strategies intended to match a variety of risk tolerances and objectives.

Schwab Wealth Advisory™
Clients work with a dedicated Wealth Advisor, supported by a team of investment 
professionals who provide individualized service, a customized investment strategy, 
and ongoing guidance and execution.

See more investment advice options on our Advice page.

18

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

ESG INVESTMENT 
PRODUCTS AND 
SERVICES

We recognize that many individual and 
institutional clients are looking for ways to 
manage portfolio risk by considering ESG 
factors, make an impact on the world through 
sustainability-themed products that align with 
their values, or both.

ESG investing is often used interchangeably 
with a variety of other terms, such as socially 
responsible investing, values-based investing, 
impact investing, or sustainable investing. 
Schwab Asset Management uses “ESG 
investing” as an umbrella term that 
encompasses:

• Traditional investment vehicles (either active 
or passive) that are applying ESG factors to 
manage risk, build resiliency, and create 
opportunities for the long term

• Impact investing, which refers to deploying 
investment dollars in an effort to directly 
achieve some outcome that addresses an 
environmental or social need

• Values-based investing, which can include 
screens to exclude certain sectors, such as 
tobacco, firearms, or fossil fuel companies

Schwab’s approach to ESG investing aligns 
with our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy,  
which is grounded in empowering clients to 
personalize their investment choices. A major 
focus is providing our Financial Consultants 
and clients with resources that can help them 
navigate the rapidly evolving ESG landscape.

Our educational resources and product 
offerings for clients are intentionally broad. 
ESG investing presents risks for some and 
opportunities for others. We recognize the 
changing preferences and demographics of  
our clients and a desire among many younger 
clients, in particular, to align their investments 
with their values.

Through surveys, Schwab connects with 
investors across the income and age spectrum 
to gain an understanding of their familiarity 
with, interest in, concerns about, and needs 
relating to ESG investing, among other topics. 
Although ESG investing is not important to  
all our clients, these engagements provide 
insights that we are using to create educational 
resources for those clients who want to make 
informed ESG investment choices.

19

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

For our clients who are considering ESG investing and 
those who have already included ESG investing as part  
of their investment strategy, we provide a wide range of 
products and resources that can help them advance their 
ESG investing goals.

 Third-party products

Currently, Schwab offers clients access to nearly 600 
third-party ESG options, including mutual funds and ETFs.

The options available include funds and ETFs identified by 
Morningstar as “Sustainable Investment – Overall,” which 
is defined as a fund explicitly indicating any kind of 
sustainability, impact, or ESG strategy in its prospectus  
or offering documents. This definition aligns with 
Schwab’s view of ESG investing. See ESG Investing.  

Thematic investing

In March 2022, we launched thematic stock lists, a new 
resource designed to help socially minded investors pick 
stocks aligned with ideas and trends they believe in. For 
each theme, we use proprietary research and technology 
to select stocks that relate to a trend, market insight, or 
innovation. Clients can explore more than 40 thematic 
categories, including ESG-related themes like renewable 
energy, electric vehicles, workforce diversity leaders, and 
water sustainability. 

In 2023, we enhanced our thematic offering by enabling 
clients to trade in Schwab Investing Themes. Clients now 
can invest in each theme as built from our research or 
customize the stocks and weights to help align with their 
needs and interests. The launch of Schwab Investing 
Themes is part of our ongoing effort to provide investors 
with products and services that help personalize how 
they invest.

Schwab Personalized Indexing™

Our direct indexing solution is a separately managed 
account that allows investors to own individual stocks 
that reflect the characteristics of an index. Clients 
enrolled in Schwab Personalized Indexing can choose 
from four index-based strategies for the market exposure 
they prefer, with the ability to exclude individual stocks or 
industry categories. Clients seeking an ESG strategy can 
select the MSCI KLD 400 Social Index, which is designed 
to capture exposure to companies with outstanding ESG 
ratings and excludes companies whose performance  
has had negative social or environmental impacts.  
Direct indexing allows clients to further customize  
their investments by choosing to exclude companies  

or industry segments that may not align with their  
risk profile or beliefs, while still maintaining exposure  
to the reference index. Portfolio management for  
Schwab Personalized Indexing is provided by  
Schwab Asset Management. 

ESG ratings

Clients interested in researching ESG investments for 
their portfolios can log into their Schwab accounts to 
view MSCI’s ESG ratings for individual stocks.

Positive-impact strategies

Through Wasmer Shroeder™, a fixed income investment 
manager that we acquired in 2020, we offer our clients 
two positive-impact strategies: Positive Impact Tax 
Exempt and Positive Impact Bond. Portfolio management 
for Wasmer Schroeder Strategies is provided by  
Schwab Asset Management.

The Wasmer Shroeder positive-impact strategies focus 
on supporting issues such as education, infrastructure, 
environmental protection, poverty eradication, and 
affordable housing. Schwab Asset Management 
considers how proceeds will be used as a way to identify 
bonds that exhibit a positive impact on society and the 
environment. These considerations include whether there 
are clearly defined and quantifiable community and/or 
environmental benefits expected from the financing; 
whether the mandate or objectives of the lending 
program align with social, environmental, or community 
benefits; or whether the proceeds will be used to create, 
enhance, sustain, or improve upon an essential 
government function.

20

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Schwab Ariel ESG ETF*

Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is an actively managed,  
semi-transparent (also referred to as a non-transparent) 
ETF, sub-advised by Ariel Investments LLC (Ariel).  
This ETF is designed to identify attractively valued,  
high-quality small- and mid-cap companies with 
favorable ESG risk ratings based on Ariel’s proprietary 
assessment of industry exposure, disclosure, and 
management of material ESG issues. Please see the 
ETF’s Prospectus for more information.

For more information on our history of providing 
industry-leading products, services, advice, and 
education, see our Access to Investing page. 

ISSUER ENGAGEMENT AND PROXY VOTING  
AT SCHWAB ASSET MANAGEMENT

Schwab Asset Management provides advisory services  
to mutual funds, ETFs, separately managed accounts, 
and collective investment trusts. As of December 31, 
2023, Schwab Asset Management managed approximately 
$400 billion in equity assets invested globally, with 80%  
invested in North America.  

At Schwab Asset Management, we take our role as 
fiduciary very seriously, and shareholder returns are our 
primary focus. This client-first philosophy drives how 
Schwab Asset Management approaches decision making 
in the investment stewardship context. That includes 

efforts to appropriately manage risk by encouraging 
transparency and focusing on corporate governance 
structures that will help protect and promote  
shareholder value.  

Historically, Schwab Asset Management has taken a 
mostly quantitative approach to evaluating investment 
options and strategies, reflecting the largely passive-
index orientation of our investment products. Since 2020, 
Schwab Asset Management has engaged more actively 
with portfolio companies to inform our proxy voting 
policies and our voting decisions on certain ballot items. 
This further promotes our philosophy on the importance 
of strong corporate governance, risk management, and 
disclosure practices. During proxy season, we meet with 
certain issuers, shareholder proponents, and dissidents 
that have items of concern to us on their annual or special 
meeting agendas. In the off-season, we generally engage 
with issuers in which we hold a significant number of 
shares and have identified potential material risks that 
we would like to discuss with senior leaders.

We aim to use the engagement process to share our 
company-specific concerns and priorities, get a better 
understanding of an issuer’s risk management practices, 
and inform our discretionary voting decisions on proxy 
contests, mergers and acquisitions, environmental and 
social-related shareholder proposals, and certain 
governance-focused shareholder proposals and  

say-on-pay proposals. More than half of our total 
engagements in the year ended June 30, 2023, were 
focused on environmental, social and political shareholder 
proposals, largely a result of the continued sharp rise  
in these proposals.

To better understand overarching preferences of fund 
shareholders on key proxy issues, Schwab Asset 
Management became the first large asset manager  
to pilot a new proxy polling solution, which gave 
shareholders of three selected funds the opportunity  
to express their preferences on a range of proxy issues, 
including ESG issues. The pilot was completed in 2023, 
and insights from the poll were leveraged to help inform 
Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting approach and 
policies. We value direct input from our fund shareholders 
who are focused on the proxy voting process. We believe 
that incorporating all available inputs into updates to our 
proxy voting policy helps ensure we are considering all 
approaches to any given issue, which helps us to always 
act in shareholders’ best interests. Schwab Asset 
Management will continue to explore opportunities  
to engage with fund shareholders and incorporate  
their input into proxy voting decisions in the future.

*The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is different from traditional ETFs. Traditional ETFs tell the public what assets they hold each day. This fund will not. This may create additional risks for your investment. For example:
• You may have to pay more money to trade the fund’s shares. This fund will provide less information to traders, who tend to charge more for trades when they have less information.
• The price you pay to buy fund shares on an exchange may not match the value of the fund’s portfolio. The same is true when you sell shares. These price differences may be greater for this fund compared to 

other ETFs because it provides less information to traders.

• These additional risks may be even greater in bad or uncertain market conditions.
• The ETF will publish on its website each day a “Proxy Portfolio” designed to help trading in shares of the ETF. While the Proxy Portfolio includes some of the ETF’s holdings, it is not the ETF’s actual portfolio.
The differences between this fund and other ETFs may also have advantages. By keeping certain information about the fund secret, this fund may face less risk that other traders can predict or copy its investment 
strategy. This may improve the fund’s performance. If other traders are able to copy or predict the fund’s investment strategy, however, this may hurt the fund’s performance.

For additional information regarding the unique attributes and risks of the fund, see Proxy Portfolio Risk, Premium/Discount Risk, Trading Halt Risk, Authorized Participant Concentration Risk, Tracking Error Risk 
and Shares of the Fund May Trade at Prices Other Than NAV in the Principal Risks and Proxy Portfolio and Proxy Overlap sections of the prospectus and/or the Statement of Additional Information.

21

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Schwab Asset Management maintains a proxy voting 
policy that guides our proxy votes for all securities held  
by Schwab Funds, Schwab ETFs, and clients who have 
delegated proxy voting to Schwab Asset Management. The 
proxy voting policy reflects Schwab Asset Management’s 
belief that, in most instances, a company’s board is best 
positioned to determine a company’s strategy and manage 
its operations. Schwab Asset Management generally does 
not support shareholder proposals seeking a change in 
business practices. In 2023, Schwab Asset Management 
supported 89% of management recommendations globally.  

Schwab Asset Management evaluates, on a  
case-by-case basis, shareholder proposals regarding 
environmental, social and political issues, including those 
calling for additional disclosure of material risks to a 
company, with an emphasis on risks identified within the 
Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) 
framework. The case-by-case evaluation of these 
proposals takes into consideration a company’s current 
practices, level of reporting, disclosures by its peers,  
and the existence of controversies or litigation related  
to the issue.  

This approach recognizes that a company’s environmental, 
social and human capital management policies can affect 
financial performance. It also supports Schwab Asset 
Management’s view that appropriate risk oversight of 
environmental, social, and governance issues contributes 
to sustainable long-term value and that companies 
should provide pertinent information on material risks 
common to their industry and specific to their business. 

Proxy advisory firms such as Glass Lewis and ISS provide 
evolving guidelines and proxy voting recommendations  
to support a variety of ESG-related proposals. When 
updating our proxy voting guidelines and making 
decisions on how to vote on certain issues, research  
and recommendations from both Glass Lewis and ISS  
are among the many factors we consider. As part of  
our diligence in shaping our proxy voting guidelines, we 
regularly engage with both of these proxy advisory firms 
to understand the thinking behind their respective policy 
updates, including updates regarding ESG factors. Their 
insights are one of many sources our Investment 
Stewardship team takes into account when updating 
guidelines and making voting decisions.

Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting policy is 
publicly available on the Schwab Asset Management 
website. Our proxy voting records and annual Investment 
Stewardship Report are publicly available on our 
Investment Stewardship page.

PROTECTING CLIENT ASSETS 
Schwab’s cybersecurity and privacy programs play a  
key role in maintaining the trust of our stockholders,  
our regulators and, most importantly, our clients.

Cybersecurity defense-in-depth approach

As a financial institution, we have implemented a 
defense-in-depth approach for addressing cybersecurity 
risk that includes administrative, technical, and physical 
safeguards. This means that, if a control fails, additional 
controls are in place to secure data and systems to 
mitigate threats.

22

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Technical safeguards

Schwab’s technical safeguards are designed to protect 
client, employee, stockholder, and partner data in today’s 
modern threat landscape. Among other things, these 
safeguards include:

• Multifactor authentication for accessing  

Schwab accounts

• Intrusion detection and prevention tools

• Encryption of data in transit and at rest  

(where appropriate)

• Use of secure coding practices

• Periodic penetration testing and vulnerability scanning

• Disciplined patch management

• Robust authentication and authorization measures  

to guard against unauthorized access to data

Administrative safeguards

Our commitment to cybersecurity includes teams that 
monitor and maintain the security of Schwab’s systems 
that collect, use, or store personal or confidential data. 
We employ cybersecurity professionals across all lines  
of business as part of this effort. Cybersecurity is also a 
core component of both our external and internal audit 
functions. We review and test our safeguards on an 
ongoing basis as part of our audit program, and we work 
diligently to consider additional safeguards where needed 
to address new and emerging threats.

Beyond our team of experts, we prioritize the protection  
of client assets across our businesses, and our 
employees who handle sensitive information receive 
annual training on privacy, cybersecurity awareness,  
and safe handling of private financial information.  
We maintain policies and procedures regarding the 
standard of care expected with all data, including  
internal company information and personal information 
pertaining to our clients and employees. 

Physical safeguards

Physical security remains an important part of a holistic 
cybersecurity program. Schwab protects critical data 
centers and other facilities with strong perimeters, 
surveillance systems, and authentication-only access 
points, among other safeguards.

Schwab’s Security Knowledge Center helps our clients 
understand common threats and the steps they can  
take to proactively mitigate those threats. Additionally,  
we regularly communicate with clients on security 
awareness, risks, and cybersecurity hygiene, and we  
view cybersecurity as an important tool to combat elder 
financial abuse. We routinely work with seniors to better 
protect them from financial scams and various forms of 
“social engineering.” See more on our Cybersecurity page.

Privacy-by-design approach

Schwab has long been committed to privacy and privacy-
by-design principles. Our privacy practices are outlined  
in the privacy notices and other materials located in our 
Privacy Center and are rooted in core privacy principles:

• We design our business processes and products with 
the privacy principles of transparency, usage, and 
minimization in mind.

• We provide clients with control over how their personal 
information is used for marketing, with opt-outs and 
unsubscribe mechanisms that are easy to find and use.

We recognize Schwab is a custodian of our clients’ 
personal information in the same way that we are 
custodians of our clients’ financial assets.

See important disclosures on page 79.

23

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationINVESTING AND STEWARDSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Our culture

Chuck Schwab’s original vision was to bring more people from Main Street into the world  
of investing so they could take ownership of their financial futures. More than 50 years later,  
we remain as committed as ever to that vision of democratizing investing and operating our 
firm in a way that’s as inclusive as possible for our clients and our employees.

24

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Creating a culture of respect

At Schwab, we know from experience 
that being different—and embracing our 
differences—matters. It matters to the 
success of our company and to creating 
a culture where everyone counts. Our 
employees are the foundation of our 
business and at the heart of executing 
our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy. We 
are dedicated to building and maintaining 
a dynamic organization that values the 
individual strengths of every employee.  

Oversight 

Our Managing Director, Head of Human Resources  
leads our talent strategy. Each year, she meets with  
the Board of Directors in executive sessions for the  
Chief Executive Officer evaluation, a talent review,  
and Chief Executive Officer succession planning.

Key HR initiatives in 2023

• Created new ways to activate Schwab’s employee 
value proposition (EVP), providing resources to 
help leaders integrate our EVP into the entire 
employee lifecycle 

• Adopted a new Hybrid Work & Flexibility approach 

that balances our ongoing commitment to 
workplace flexibility with our focus on serving our 
clients, while helping strengthen our culture by 
fostering in-person collaboration, team building, 
and professional development  

• Made a one-time stock option grant of $1,000  
to each employee to instill a sense of pride and 
ownership in the firm and help all Schwabbies 
understand firsthand what it means to see 
Through Clients’ Eyes and be fully invested  
in our overall firm’s success 

• Announced an enhanced career development 

program, Grow with Schwab, that will empower 
employees to own their tomorrow by providing 
tools and resources employees need to build  
a meaningful career

• Increased investment in Manager Excellence 

platforms and programs providing our leaders 
real-time knowledge and support, educational 
opportunities, and development journeys for all 
people leaders, an important pillar in our Grow 
with Schwab portfolio

25

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

In 2023, we transitioned from annual to quarterly 
enterprise-wide surveys utilizing the Glint employee 
engagement platform to measure how engaged we are 
with our work, our teams, and Schwab. The survey results 
provide insight into how our leaders can manage 
engagement throughout the year and how Schwab can 
continue to deliver on our commitment to create a great 
place to work in service to our clients. The more dynamic 
engagement experience provides near real-time insights 
and enables agile action plans that are more responsive to 
employee sentiment. It also gives us the ability to identify 
macro-trends that can be reviewed with the Board of 
Directors and the Executive Council and acted upon. 

To better understand our employees’ sense of belonging, 
we expanded the survey in the third quarter of 2023 to 
include new questions on inclusion.  

Overall engagement, defined as how happy employees are 
working at Schwab and whether they would recommend 
Schwab as a great place to work, was 78 in the fourth 
quarter of 2023—2 points higher than Glint’s finance 
industry benchmark. 

~90%

of our employees responded to  
the quarterly surveys during 2023. 
Our overall engagement score 
average for 2023 was 82, and 
Schwab’s overall engagement score 
was within the top 25th percentile  
for companies that use Glint. 

26

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Fostering a culture of diversity and inclusion

Schwab’s Through Clients’ Eyes 
strategy benefits from having a 
workforce that reflects diversity of 
thought and backgrounds and positions 
us to support our diverse clients and 
communities. To that end, diversity at 
Schwab transcends ethnicity, race, 
color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, 
gender identity, national origin, age, 
disability, and protected veteran status 
to include diversity of interests, life 
stages, experiences, strengths, 
perspectives, and thought.

We are on a long-term journey to expand our workforce 
diversity, enhance our inclusive culture, better serve  
our diverse clients, and build stronger connections to  
all of our communities. We believe that an inclusive culture 
and a diverse workforce propel innovation and creativity in 
the solutions we deliver for our clients’ investment needs.

27

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

OUR FOUR-PILLAR D&I STRATEGY

Our diversity and inclusion (D&I) strategy starts with four board-approved pillars:

Workforce
Fostering diverse talent 

Schwab is focused on attracting more diverse talent through enhanced partnerships with 
professional organizations that represent diverse communities, including women, people  
of color, people with disabilities, and people with military backgrounds.

Workplace
Building on our culture of inclusion

Through our Employee Resource Groups and a variety of professional growth opportunities,  
we are building and maintaining a community of support, leadership development, mentorship, 
and connection to our diverse client base.

Marketplace
Serving the needs of a diverse marketplace

As the United States becomes more diverse, the financial services industry is increasingly 
demanding new capabilities to meet the needs of a diverse client base.

To meet our clients’ needs and advance better financial outcomes for all investors, Schwab is 
focused on delivering and expanding inclusive client service programming, understanding the 
unique needs of underrepresented investors, and fostering diverse talent in the financial 
services sector.

Community
Making an impact on historically underrepresented communities 

At Schwab, we focus on financial literacy and financial inclusion as a way to empower diverse 
communities. To that end, we support many organizations serving underrepresented groups 
with a long-term goal of broadening the diversity of our talent and our clients. 

28

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Underpinned by the four pillars, our D&I strategy  
is designed to have a meaningful impact across  
four dimensions:

• Inside: Programs aimed at supporting employees  

at Schwab

• Outside: Programs aimed at supporting our clients  

and local communities

• Today: Programs that create immediate impact

• Tomorrow: Programs that create impact over time

OVERSIGHT

Schwab’s Head of ESG Policy & Reporting oversees our  
D&I function and implementation of our D&I strategy across 
the organization. Our D&I team provides subject-matter 
expertise in support of D&I programs and our Employee 
Resource Groups (ERGs).

Our D&I Sponsorship Committee, which is a subcommittee 
of our Executive Council, provides centralized oversight 
and governance to ensure that external D&I partner 
sponsorships align with our four-pillar strategy.

We are proud of the progress we have made toward 
fostering a diverse workforce, and we recognize there  
will be more to do as best practices and the needs of  
our communities and markets continue to evolve. We are 
committed to our ongoing efforts to open doors and unlock 
the human and commercial potential that can flow from a 
strong focus on D&I across the company.

WORKFORCE: HIRING DIVERSE TALENT

Schwab is committed to building an inclusive culture  
by hiring a diverse and vibrant workforce. This includes  
dedicated diversity and inclusion resources within our 
Talent Acquisition team to enhance our ability to identify, 
attract, and consider candidates with a diversity of 
backgrounds, as well as different experiences, strengths, 
perspectives, and thought.

We recognize that there is no single solution to expanding 
diversity in our workforce, and we have developed a variety 
of approaches to support our efforts to expand candidate 
pools. A few of our outreach strategies include:

• Hiring Our Heroes—Corporate Fellowship Program:  

A Department of Defense program focused on military 
members transitioning into the workforce

• Military Spouse Employment Partnership: A 

Department of Defense program focused on supporting 
and recruiting military spouses, the majority of whom 
are women

• Neurodiversity at Work: An initiative focused on 

increasing the representation of neurodivergent talent 
through the lens of accessibility

• Inclusively: An employment network that matches 

people with disabilities with companies like Schwab 
and focuses on early talent and roles that require  
no experience

Campus recruiting and organizational partnerships

Schwab partners with historically Black colleges and 
universities and Hispanic-serving institutions by leveraging 
our alumni from those universities to expand our presence 
at campus career fairs and career panels. We also reach 
out to underrepresented student groups at other colleges 
to provide job mentoring and career panels.

We partner with and sponsor over 30 organizations to 
help us recruit diverse talent. Our partnerships include 
Mathison, which helps us source candidates from 12 
different underrepresented communities, the Toigo 
Foundation, which helps us actively recruit Black and 
Latinx talent, and Financial Women of San Francisco, 
which advances the success of women in finance.

29

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Affirmative action 

Bias-detection tools

As a federal contractor, Schwab develops annual 
affirmative action plans for our business locations with  
50 or more employees. Our affirmative action program 
helps us balance Schwab’s workforce in a way that 
reflects local workforce diversity through outreach 
strategies to hire, retain, and promote members of 
minority groups, women, protected veterans, and 
individuals with disabilities. This program does not  
involve quotas, preferences, or set-asides, which are 
prohibited under federal law.

Coupled with our efforts to identify and attract diverse 
talent, Schwab provides equal employment opportunities 
to all employees and applicants.

Interviewing@Schwab

Our Interviewing@Schwab program is designed to give 
managers the training and tools they need to assess how 
well candidates demonstrate the core competencies and 
leadership behaviors needed for each role. This program 
supports consistency in the interview process, which 
helps reduce potential bias and enhance diversity in the 
workplace. Training covers key concepts of the Targeted 
Selection® process, which is a competency-based 
behavioral interviewing method that focuses on the 
quality of people hired.

We use a bias-detection tool to ensure all job 
descriptions and recruiting communications are  
reflective of the diverse candidate pools we want to 
attract. Through this tool, all job descriptions and other 
recruiting communications are reviewed and updated  
to reduce language that may be harmful or offensive  
and to add more gender- and age-neutral tones in  
the language used in our recruiting materials.

Slate Analytics diversity dashboard

To continuously monitor progress toward attracting 
diverse talent, our Talent Acquisition team uses a Slate 
Analytics diversity dashboard to help inform them of 
diversity trends for candidate pools. Seeing and 
monitoring real-time data of our candidate pools’ 
diversity allows us to adjust sourcing and other 
recruitment strategies.

Market data talent sourcing

Schwab uses unique market data from TalentNeuron™  
and LinkedIn Talent Insights to review and understand  
the distinct makeup of the talent pool for certain talent 
segments based on location, required skills, and 
competencies. Our Talent Acquisition team uses this  
data to collaborate with business partners on what  
steps can be taken to help increase diversity in the 
candidate pool for a role.

30

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Employee Resource Groups

Our ERGs are employee driven communities of support 
for our diverse range of employees. Our ERGs are made 
up of employees who come together around common 
interests, shared characteristics, or life experiences  
and are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion at 
Schwab. ERGs help drive employee engagement, career 
development, and business objectives across the firm. 

More than 30 years ago, we started our first ERG, Black 
Professionals at Charles Schwab (BPACS). Today, we 
have 10 ERGs. All ERGs receive equal access to funding 
from a centralized budget.

At the end of 2023, more than 13,000 employees 
belonged to one or more ERGs—representing 
approximately 42% of our workforce—compared with 
12,000 employees at the end of 2022. In 2023, our  
ERGs hosted more than 950 events.

WORKPLACE: DEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENT

Schwab recognizes that cultivating a diverse workforce 
does not end after employees join the organization. 
Mentoring and allyship are critical to retaining talent, and 
mentors play an instrumental role in career progression.

With a focus on retaining and developing our diverse 
workforce, we offer several different avenues for our 
colleagues to mentor and be mentored. We offer a 
structured mentoring program for colleagues of color at 
the director level. In addition, our ERGs offer both group 
and one-on-one opportunities for guided mentorship to 
all employees, regardless of their position at Schwab. 
Some of our business units also offer mentorship 
programs for their employees.  

As part of our structured mentoring program, dedicated 
mentors from senior leadership are paired for six months 
with Schwabbies at the director level who self-identify  
as people of color. Mentees focus on leadership 
development to prepare them for career advancement 
opportunities, broaden their professional network,  
and develop meaningful, supportive relationships  
with senior leaders.

Since launching the structured mentorship program in 
2021, we have seen consistently strong demand. Our 
2023 mentorship cohort achieved a participation rate  
of 130 director-level employees of color as mentees  
and 130 senior leaders participating as mentors. A high 
percentage of mentees in every cohort has expressed 
overall satisfaction with the program.

Recognizing the importance of allyship, we offer additional 
mentor training through an Inclusion Through Allyship 
program, providing tools and support on how to be an  
ally to mentees and team members.

Separately, our company-wide ERG Mentorship program 
is built to meet the career growth and employee 
engagement needs of our employees at all levels.

Employees who are ERG members or allies can 
participate in the ERG Mentorship program in two ways:

• Group cohorts are led by Schwab Managing Directors 
who mentor 8–12 mentees each through six biweekly, 
one-hour group mentorship sessions over three 
months, twice a year. The mentors also commit to  
a one-on-one meeting with each mentee.

• Guided programs are one-to-one matched mentorships 

offered over three months, twice a year. Schwab 
Managing Directors serve as mentors who meet  
with their mentees biweekly for one hour.

The ERG Mentorship Committee, made up of ERG leaders 
across our locations, hosts a closing ceremony at the end 
of each three-month program to acknowledge the hard 
work and commitment of the mentors and mentees.

Approximately 297 mentors and 525 mentees participated 
in the ERG Mentorship programs in 2023.

WORKPLACE: SUPPORTING DIVERSITY  
AND INCLUSION FOR ALL SCHWABBIES

Schwab understands that employees have diverse 
experiences, needs, and expectations in the workplace. 
We strive to create an environment that enables each 
employee to bring their authentic self to work. We  
have developed a number of employee resources  
to help promote a sense of inclusion and belonging  
in the workplace.

31

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

OUR ERGS:

APINS
Asian Professionals Inclusion Network at Schwab

MVN
Military Veterans Network

BPACS
Black Professionals at Charles Schwab

NEXT
Empowering Schwab’s Next Generation

CSAN
Charles Schwab Abilities Network

FAMS
Families at Schwab

PRIDE
LGBTQ+ Network at Schwab

SOL
Schwab Organization of Latinxs

GLOBE
International Professionals at Schwab

WINS
Women’s Interactive Network at Schwab

Week of Belonging

Schwab’s annual Week of Belonging is a five-day intersectional event highlighting inclusion through employee and leadership engagement 
and development activities. Open to all employees, the event provides dedicated time for employees to experience the value of inclusion 
and learn how to get involved in the Schwab community through ERGs. In-person and virtual events during Week of Belonging include 
keynote sessions, ERG fairs, wellness activities, community service, and fun giveaways. 

The 2023 event, themed “The Power of Belonging,” focused on inclusion and belonging as the fuel for employees to give their best 
efforts, best ideas, and best creativity to contribute to Schwab’s success. Nearly 600 Schwab employees joined ERGs in the month 
before and the month after Week of Belonging.

13K

Employees who 
are members of  
an Employee 
Resource Group

42%

ERG participation 
in 2023

32

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Progress on workforce diversity 

Gender Representation*

Race/Ethnicity Representation*

Since 2020, we have seen an increase in our workforce 
diversity. At the end of 2023, employees who self-identify 
as people of color represented 37% of the total workforce, 
compared to 32% in 2020. Women represented 37%  
of the total workforce at the end of 2023, compared  
to 36% in 2020.  

In 2023, our employee headcount declined by 
approximately 6%, partially as a result of position 
eliminations and expense reductions following our 
integration with TD Ameritrade, Inc. The number of  
women and people of color as a percentage of our  
total workforce remained flat from 2022 to 2023.  

Schwab’s EEO-1 data is available on our website:  
Schwab EEO-1 Data. The following charts show our 
leadership and workforce representation, by gender,  
race, and ethnicity, on a percentage basis.

100%

80%

60%

71%

68%

62%

63%

82%

100%

80%

60%

73%

68%

63%

40%

38%

37%

40%

37%

29%

32%

32%

27%

20%

0%

20%

18%

0%

Board of  
Directors

Management

Professionals

Total 
workforce

Board of  
Directors

Management

Professionals

Total 
workforce

Male

Female

White

People of color

*Race, ethnicity, and gender data is based on the percentage of employees who 
self-identified for purposes of EEO-1 reporting as of December 31, 2023, and Board 
of Directors for purposes of proxy statement disclosure as of December 31, 2023. 
People of color includes Black or African American, American Indian or Alaska Native, 
Asian, Hispanic, and Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander. 

33

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Policies and training 

Schwab’s Preventing Harassment and Discrimination 
Policy expressly prohibits discrimination or harassment  
of any kind based on an individual’s status, including 
race, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, religion 
(including religious dress and grooming practices), 
disability, age, military status, or citizenship status.

Our Respectful Workplace Training covers topics and 
related Schwab policies such as bullying, harassment, 
discrimination, sexual harassment, and violence in the 
workplace. This training articulates Schwab’s commitment 
to maintaining a workplace free from any form of 
discrimination and harassment. Respectful Workplace 
Training is required for all new Schwab employees upon 
joining the company and for existing Schwab employees 
annually. We also advance inclusion, diversity, equal 
opportunity, accessibility, and leadership through 
voluntary training courses. 

Our Accommodations Policy reflects our commitment  
to creating an inclusive workplace for employees and 
applicants with disabilities, whether seen or unseen. 
Schwab makes good faith efforts to provide a reasonable 
accommodation for employees and qualified applicants 
with disabilities, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious 
beliefs, unless the accommodation would create an 
undue hardship in accordance with the requirements  
of applicable law. 

Awards

Our efforts and progress have not gone 
unrecognized in the market. We have received  
a number of external awards from leading D&I 
organizations for our initiatives and progress.  
For instance:

• Scored 100 on the 2023 Disability  

Equality Index

• Recognized by U.S. Veterans Magazine 

annually since 2012

• Received a 100 score on the Human  

Rights Campaign’s Corporate Equality  
Index for LGBTQ+ Inclusion since 2004

• Identified by Forbes as one of America’s 
Best Employers for Women, based on  
a survey of 60,000 workers across  
the U.S. in 2023

34

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

MARKETPLACE: SUPPORTING DIVERSITY  
AND INCLUSION IN THE FINANCIAL  
SERVICES INDUSTRY

As the United States population becomes more diverse, 
we are developing new capabilities to meet the needs of  
a diverse client base. We take a multifaceted approach  
to implementing the marketplace pillar of our diversity 
and inclusion strategy, such as scholarship programs  
that support students considering careers in financial 
services and opportunities for delivering our services to 
increasingly diverse communities in a way that enables  
all clients to own their tomorrow. 

Supporting the next generation of financial 
services professionals 

By providing encouragement and support to students 
considering careers in financial services, we can 
strengthen both our company and our industry.

In 2023, we welcomed our third cohort of scholars into 
the Charles Schwab Scholars in Financial Planning 
Endowed Scholarship program. With an aim to break 
down barriers to careers in financial services and foster 
diverse talent in the sector, Charles Schwab Foundation 
established a $3.5 million endowed scholarship program 
in 2021 to provide financial assistance and career 
development opportunities to college students from 

underrepresented communities. Students majoring in 
financial planning at participating universities across  
the United States are eligible to apply for approximately 
$10,000 a year in scholarship funds for their junior and 
senior years. Scholarship recipients are invited to apply 
for an internship at Schwab, which could help inspire a 
future career in finance. All eight of the 2021 scholarship 
recipients accepted jobs in the financial services industry 
following graduation.

Similar efforts within our Advisor Services business help 
cultivate the next generation of independent RIAs.

Schwab Advisor Services™ provides a variety of resources 
to help our RIA clients create more diverse and inclusive 
workplaces. Building an Inclusive Firm Culture is a  
five-month training and networking program designed  
to help our client RIA firms develop a strategic road  
map for building a diverse and inclusive workplace that 
attracts and retains the best talent. This program targets 
firms that are highly driven to advance diversity and 
inclusion efforts and participants who are leaders with  
the ability to effect change and influence decisions.

To cultivate diverse talent in financial services and better 
serve an increasingly diverse investor base, Schwab 
Advisor Services partners with Charles Schwab 
Foundation to sponsor the RIA Talent Advantage® 
Scholarship Program.

35

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

This program aims to raise awareness of the 
independent investment advisory profession and 
provides $10,000 scholarships to 12 students annually.  
Of the 12 recipients selected for the 2023 class, six  
are racially or ethnically diverse.

Funded through Charles Schwab Foundation, Schwab’s 
University Grant program helps educational institutions 
establish and enhance financial planning majors and 
minors and increase awareness of the RIA profession. 
More than 30% of recipients are historically Black 
colleges and universities, Hispanic-serving institutions,  
or institutions that serve the Asian American/Pacific 
Islander and Native American population. Since its 
inception in 2007, the program has provided more than 
$16 million in funding to more than 20 universities.

Connecting with a more diverse client base

Our purpose is to champion every client’s goals with 
passion and integrity. We continually look for ways  
to improve our products and offerings in response to 
changing demographics and evolving client needs 
in a diverse marketplace. 

One way we address our diverse client base is through 
financial education content specific to their communities, 
such as content focused on women and LGBTQ+ 
investors and Spanish language investor education 
webinars through Workplace Financial Services. In 
addition, Schwab has partnered with Ariel Investments 
LLC (Ariel) for more than 20 years to conduct the Black 
Investor Survey to better understand and generate 
awareness of the financial issues facing Black investors. 
Ariel is the oldest Black-owned investment management 
firm in the United States.

In 2023, Schwab created our Fair & Responsible Banking 
group, which has a two-fold purpose:

• Ensure that all clients and communities  
where our clients reside are treated fairly

• Maintain and uphold our regulatory obligations related 

to responsible banking practices

The group’s strategic initiatives focus on increasing 
engagement with diverse neighborhoods and clients,  
in part through the design and implementation of new 
offers that respond to the priorities and needs of diverse 
clients and communities. Through the efforts of the Fair  
& Responsible Banking group, we seek to increase our 
presence in diverse communities, develop content 
tailored to diverse investors, and encourage collaborative 
efforts to expand our client base.  

2023 University Grant program highlights:

• Howard University’s wealth management program with a 
focus on the RIA industry and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL 
PLANNER™ curriculum

• A multi-year grant to Coppin State University to develop 

programs in financial planning and wealth management that 
enable students to explore career pathways, establish a 
community-focused center, and create a Minority Registered 
Investment Advisor Mentorship Program

• Platinum-level sponsorship of the BLX Internship Program,  

a nonprofit that provides opportunities for aspiring Black and 
Latinx financial planners to intern at financial planning firms

30%+

of Schwab University Grant program 
recipients are historically Black colleges  
and universities, Hispanic-serving 
institutions, or institutions that serve  
the Asian American/Pacific Islander  
and Native American population

$3.5M endowed scholarship program  

launched in 2021

36

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR CULTURECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Our people

Schwab’s human-centric employee value proposition (EVP) is central to our ability to attract, 
engage, and retain talent. Our EVP recognizes employees want to feel cared for, valued, and 
understood. As we design talent programs, touchpoints, initiatives, and benefits, we take into 
account the intrinsic needs of our employees to establish connections, share a sense of 
purpose, enable personal growth, and nurture well-being. We understand employees are 
more than just the work they do, and we are here to support them in both their professional 
careers and their lives outside of work.

37

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Investing in our people

EVP PILLAR:

PILLAR FOCUS:

Our EVP rests on three pillars: (1) leading the industry with integrity and service 
above all; (2) succeeding together as one Schwab; and (3) own your tomorrow.  
Our EVP defines the essence of Schwab. It describes the promises we make  
as an employer and the personal and professional benefits to our employees.  
It encompasses the central reasons why people are proud and motivated to  
work here. 

We are dedicated to developing our talent by creating opportunities for both 
personal and professional growth.

Through our cohesive and integrated talent solutions model, Schwab takes  
a centralized approach to talent development that spans the entire employee  
life cycle—from hire through retirement—and gives employees choice in how  
to shape their skills and grow their careers at Schwab.

Leading the 
industry with 
integrity and 
service above all

The Firm

Succeeding 
together as  
one Schwab

Team/Culture

Own your 
tomorrow

Employee/Talent

38

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

SUPPORTING OUR COLLEAGUES’ 
PROFESSIONAL GROWTH AND DEVELOPMENT

We offer many different programs and resources to  
help employees achieve their personal and professional 
aspirations—no matter how big or what stage of  
their careers.  

Over the past few years, we have steadily expanded our 
offerings to give employees at all levels of the organization 
access to programs that suit their career stage and 
aspirations. Our relentless focus on our development 
programs brings to life the third pillar in our EVP—that 
Schwab is an employer where you can own your tomorrow. 
In 2023, we continued to invest in our nomination-based 
leadership development programs (Aspiring Leader 
Program, Manager LEAD, Advanced LEAD, and the 
Securities Industry Institute). We also deepened  
our commitment to supporting all people leaders by 
expanding programming to meet their needs. 

In the fourth quarter of 2023, our leadership announced 
three significant new investments in our people. The 
first is an employee advisory council made up of 
employees across the enterprise, regardless of level or 
title. The council is led by our President, Rick Wurster,  
and is intended to provide a forum for a dedicated group 
of employees to share information and provide feedback  
to senior leaders. The second is Grow with Schwab,  
an investment in strengthening employees’ growth and 
Schwab’s career development program, including career 
coaching and paid dedicated time each quarter for 
employees to work on aspects of career development 
that are important to them. Third, the company made  
a $1,000 stock option grant to each employee to help 
ensure that every Schwabbie has a sense of ownership 
and a stake in the future of the company.

INVESTING IN OUR PEOPLE LEADERS

We recognize that our people leaders are critical to 
carrying out our business strategy and creating an 
environment where employees can do their best work. 
We provide extensive tools and resources to help us build 
and maintain a cohesive, well-informed management 
team that can model the values of our firm and help  
us succeed as one Schwab.  

Manager Excellence

Our Manager Excellence program supports people leaders 
across the firm in three key ways. In 2023, we launched a 
People Leader hub, making it easier for people leaders to 
find information about professional development for their 
teams and themselves. The Manager Excellence portal 
provides a centralized source of knowledge and support 
designed around the people leader lifecycle and includes 
direct links to our four flagship development programs.  
The Manager Excellence Community channel enables 
people leaders to build peer connections across the firm 
and engage in development opportunities tailored to the 
specific needs of people leaders. 

The People Leader hub had almost 5,000 views  
from its launch in June 2023 through year-end. The 
Manager Excellence portal had more than 25,000 unique 
viewers and over 86,000 total site views in 2023, while the 
Manager Excellence Community sees 4,000 active users 
per quarter with approximately 250 interactions on posts. 

In 2023, we partnered with Harvard University to give  
all people leaders access to expanded programming and 
content. We also introduced four new learning experiences 
to further develop critical leadership capabilities and 
behaviors, equipping managers to tackle today’s dynamic 
leadership challenges. 

• People Leader Activate is designed to provide new 

people leaders with onboarding support, foundational 
learning related to coaching, time management, and 
more. This training is required for all new people leaders 
within their first six months as a people leader.

• People Leader Expand is designed for people leaders 

who want to build their knowledge on specific leadership 
topics and expand their leadership network across the 
organization. Self-paced learning modules are coupled 
with live-virtual debriefs to engage with other leaders. 
Topics include strategy planning and execution, decision 
making, difficult interactions, and more. 

• People Leader Elevate is a learning experience designed 
for people leaders with two or more years of leadership 
experience at the managing director level. Participants 
develop their skills through highly interactive cohort 
sessions facilitated by Harvard, along with pre-work  
and daily homework. 

• Level Up Seminars are designed for people leaders 
looking to improve their overall leadership skills. 
Monthly live-virtual and interactive learning events are 
aligned to trending leadership topics and critical soft 
skills, such as outside-in thinking, resilience, igniting 
curiosity, and psychological safety at work.  

39

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT PROGRAMS

Aspiring Leader Program (ALP) 

Manager LEAD

Leadership is a shared responsibility at Schwab.  
Our Aspiring Leader Program creates that shared 
understanding of leadership while providing 
opportunities for participants to make meaningful 
connections across the organization and unlock  
the value of on-the-job learning.

ALP is a multifaceted four-month program for individual 
contributors nominated by their business leaders. ALP is 
designed for our next generation of leaders with a strong 
desire to learn more about leading self, leading others, 
and leading with purpose.

Programming topics include introduction to emotional 
intelligence, self-leadership, building your personal  
brand, managing up, and exploring personal obstacles  
to people leadership.

Manager LEAD is a virtual five-month program for 
select senior managers and team managers to gain 
visibility in the organization and additional development 
opportunities to build their leadership skills.

Similar to ALP but for employees who already hold 
leadership positions, this program is designed to build 
leadership capabilities around managerial courage, 
identifying and measuring business outcomes, and 
building high-performing teams. The program also 
focuses on increasing visibility, increasing Schwab 
business knowledge, and building networks across  
and within peer groups.

The 2023 cohort included 309 nominated 
employees who participated:

The 2023 cohort included 153 nominated 
employees who participated:

54% Male

44%  Female

55% Male

44%  Female

20%  Self-identified people of color

16%  Self-identified people of color

~25K

Unique visitors to the 
Manager Excellence 
portal in 2023

4K

Active users in the 
Manager Excellence 
Community per 
quarter in 2023

40

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Advanced LEAD

Securities Industry Institute®

Advanced LEAD is a high-intensity action-learning 
experience for our high-potential leaders at the director 
and managing director levels. The program is designed  
to accelerate leader readiness; invest in retention, 
development, and engagement of our high-potential 
leaders; and drive leadership capability, innovation,  
and growth mindset.

The program emphasizes strategy and human-centric 
leadership in a fast-changing and hybrid workplace.  
This four-month intensive program includes coursework, 
an experiential project, and cross-business small group 
learning experiences. Participants have the opportunity  
to engage more deeply across Schwab, increasing their 
internal networks and visibility.

The Securities Industry Institute is an executive 
development program for securities industry professionals 
at the director and managing director levels. Hosted by 
Wharton Executive Education and the Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), participants 
receive instructional coursework and the opportunity to 
expand their external networks within the industry through 
small workshops. The three-year program (delivered one 
week per year) focuses on challenges faced by executives 
in the financial services industry.

Learning objectives and programming topics include 
enhancing working knowledge in key functions of the 
financial services industry, providing leadership viewpoints 
and experiences for future career development, and 
equipping participants with practical information  
and resources useful in their present and  
future responsibilities.

The 2023 cohort included 99 participants:

The 2023 cohort includes a total of 117 participants 
from years 1, 2, and 3 of the three-year program:

58% Male

42%  Female

57% Male

41%  Female

28%  Self-identified people of color

21%  Self-identified people of color

41

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES  
FOR ALL SCHWABBIES

We believe that a better employee experience leads  
to a better client experience, and we are committed to 
offering our people at all levels the tools and resources 
they need to help them build their careers.

Career Development

Separate from our selective enrollment, nomination-
based professional development programs, all employees 
have access to resources and open registration courses 
that help them develop a variety of skills, including 
effective communications and presentations, leadership, 
enhanced productivity, coaching essentials, and  
project management.

In 2023, we launched an improved Development & Career 
Growth hub, enabling a more streamlined user experience 
for employees and simplified access to our Career 
Development portfolio. Our self-directed online resources 
help employees achieve a stronger sense of where they 
are in their careers, explore opportunities to gain skills 
and experiences, and act on their career aspirations.

We enhanced and scaled our Career Development 
portfolio in 2023 to reach more employees. Over the 
course of the year:

• Our “Career Development Planning” course was 
attended by more than 570 employees and our 
“Supporting Your Employee’s Development Plan”  
was attended by more than 220 people leaders

• The Career Development team hosted 110 open 

Hybrid Work and Flexibility approach

registration development courses for a total of 2,814 
completions across 1,791 unique employees

• Employees completed more than 7,350 courses through 

our LinkedIn Learning license

• We sent a monthly Learning Newsletter to more than 
2,700 employees, with an average engagement rate  
of 82%

• Our HR team facilitated 36 career development 

presentations across 35 business units and ERGs

Looking toward 2024, we will expand the ways 
employees can continue to own their tomorrow. The 
enhanced Grow with Schwab program will add new 
dimensions to the firm-wide talent development portfolio. 
In addition to the existing portfolio of talent development 
opportunities, employees will have dedicated time each 
quarter to participate in centralized, professional 
development sessions. Other elements of the program  
will be rolled out through the year and include access  
to a career coaching network and a platform that helps 
employees build their networks and get connected with 
short-term projects that stretch their skills.  

SUPPORTING OUR COLLEAGUES’ PERSONAL 
HEALTH AND FINANCIAL WELL-BEING

Recognizing that our employees span many different life 
stages and have a variety of work-life needs, Schwab 
offers a wide range of resources and benefits to support 
all employees.

During the COVID pandemic, we placed the health and 
safety of our employees at the forefront of our workplace 
decisions. We initially enabled everyone to work from 
home daily. We followed up with a Workplace Flexibility 
approach designed to carry us forward while we examined 
the appropriate long-term approach to workplace flexibility. 

With the pandemic officially over, we are making further 
adjustments to our approach, seeking to balance our 
ongoing commitment to workplace flexibility, serving  
our clients, and our strong belief in the value of being 
together in person on a regular basis. In-person work 
helps foster collaboration, team building, and 
professional development. And that, in turn, helps  
foster one of the hallmarks of the Schwab organization: 
our uniquely rich culture.

In January 2024, employees began spending three or  
four days each week working from one of our corporate 
offices and one or two days working from home, 
depending on their role. This blend of in-office  
and remote work supports teamwork and on-site 
collaboration while giving employees the ability to spend 
some time working from home. In addition, employees  
can choose to work remotely Monday through Friday up  
to four non-consecutive weeks each year. About 20%  
of our employees are fully remote. We believe our 
approach strikes the right balance between our 
commitment to workplace flexibility and our belief in  
the value of spending time in person with colleagues.

42

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Paid parental leave

To support parents in our workforce, Schwab offers six 
weeks of fully paid parental leave following the birth, 
adoption, or fostering of a child—regardless of the 
employee’s gender, sexual orientation, marital status,  
or caregiver status. Beginning in 2023, we eliminated a 
12-month service requirement for eligibility, and this 
benefit is now available for both full-time and part-time 
employees on their hire date.

Paid time off

Our full-time employees and part-time employees who 
are regularly scheduled to work at least 20 hours or 
more per work week accrue paid time off for vacation, 
floating holidays, and time off to volunteer. Vacation 
time is based on an employee’s job level and length  
of service. All full-time employees accrue a minimum of  
15 vacation days per year. All employees, including 
full-time, part-time, temporary, and seasonal 
employees, accrue paid sick time. 

Employee sabbatical program

We believe that having time off for personal or professional 
development contributes to higher levels of future 
performance and retention. Schwab’s sabbatical program 
offers long-term employees valuable time to engage in 
community service, career reflection, and education. 
Eligible employees may take a 28-day paid sabbatical after 
five years of employment and every five years thereafter.

MANAGING LIFE’S CHALLENGES

We recognize that life can be a juggling act between work, raising kids, caring for aging parents, looking after pets, 
maintaining a house, applying for college, and somehow finding time to care for yourself. To help employees better 
manage life’s challenges, Schwab offers various support and resources through Bright Horizons®, including:

 Back-up care

This includes back-up child, adult, and elder care; 
support for children with special needs; and access  
to support when an employee’s regular care provider  
is unavailable. Employees can also access pet care 
support through the back-up care program.  

 Elder care

Employees who need guidance throughout the elder 
caregiving journey have access to free, personalized 
support and online care planning, communication tools, 
on-site care assessments, and an experienced care 
coach who can connect them to resources and 
specialized providers at every caregiving stage.

 College coaching

This program provides access to live events, 
personalized assistance, and online resources to  
assist with important aspects of a child’s education.  
This offering includes one-on-one personalized  
support ranging from mastering middle school  
to planning for college.

 Support for children with special needs

For employees who have children with learning 
difficulties, developmental disabilities, or struggles 
with social skills, this program offers free guidance  
on their child’s unique situation and includes access  
to one-on-one personalized assistance to help 
employees advocate for their child in school.

 Enhanced family support

Employees receive free access to a database of family 
support services, including free premium access to 
Sittercity® for finding babysitters, virtual sitting, pet  
care providers, and housekeepers. The program also 
includes discounts for a local nanny placement service 
for full-time childcare, elder caregiving resources, 
learning pods, discounts on academic support, tutoring, 
test prep services, and preferred enrollment at certain 
childcare centers.

43

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

GO! Wellbeing@Schwab

Support for emotional and mental well-being 

401(k)

Our employee wellness program is designed with the 
whole person in mind. GO! Wellbeing@Schwab is a 
holistic, inclusive program that offers a modern, interactive 
experience through a customized website and mobile app. 
Approximately 74% of our employees enrolled in the 
program in 2023.

Through the GO! program, Schwab employees can 
develop their individual well-being across four main 
pillars: physical, emotional, financial, and social. 
Activities across all four pillars—not just physical  
well-being—make the program accessible to everyone. 
GO! Wellbeing@Schwab provides resources to help our 
employees thrive—whether they are tracking physical 
activity, planning personal finances, managing a health 
condition, joining an ERG, or developing personalized 
well-being goals with a wellness coach.

To encourage participation, employees can earn up to 
$550 in well-being rewards. Employees who are enrolled 
in a medical plan with a health savings account (HSA) 
have their reward deposited into their HSA. Those not 
participating in an HSA receive a taxable cash payment.

Health benefits

Schwab offers competitive medical, dental, and vision 
plans for employees. In 2023, we absorbed all increases 
in health insurance premiums for our employees and held 
premium rates at 2022 levels. For 2024, we will return to 
sharing the premium increases with our employees.

Schwab’s Employee Assistance Program (EAP) supports 
employees’ emotional and mental well-being. Through 
this program in 2023, employees had access to six 
confidential counseling sessions with a mental health 
professional at no cost to the employee. Beginning in 
2024, employees will receive up to eight consultations.  

We provide on-site EAP counselors at five of our major 
employee centers. The program covers a wide variety of 
topics, such as managing stress, improving relationships 
at home or work, and supporting employees with autism 
spectrum disorder or behavioral needs for themselves  
or dependent family members.

Dependent Care FSA

As an additional benefit, Schwab contributes to our 
employees’ Dependent Care Flexible Savings Accounts 
every month for employees with base salaries less than 
$100,000 a year. Eligible employees scheduled to work  
30 or more hours per week receive a monthly contribution 
of $100 per dependent, up to two dependents, while 
employees scheduled to work 20–29 hours per week 
receive $50 per dependent, up to two dependents.

All employees at Schwab are eligible to contribute to the 
401(k) plan as of their date of hire through either pre-tax 
or after-tax Roth contributions. Schwab contributes 
$250 for the first $1 an employee contributes each year 
and matches employee contributions dollar for dollar  
up to 5% of the employee’s eligible compensation. These 
Schwab matching contributions vest immediately.

As of December 31, 2023, 97% of our employees 
participated in the 401(k) plan. Almost all participants 
contribute at a level that enables them to receive the  
full match.

97%

of employees 
participate in the 
401(k) plan

74%

of our employees 
participated in the  
well-being program

44

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Employee stock purchase plan (ESPP)

Tuition reimbursement

$5.25K

Annual reimbursement 
for work-related 
external training, 
certification, and 
degree programs

$1,000

Amount per year of an 
employee’s charitable 
contributions to eligible 
nonprofits matched by 
Charles Schwab 
Foundation 

Schwab offers all eligible employees the opportunity to 
participate in a tax-qualified employee stock purchase 
plan. Through this program, employees may purchase 
Schwab stock at a 15% discount with payroll deductions. 
More than 50% of employees participate.

Bank services

Employees receive exclusive offers on bank products, 
including discounts on closing costs and reduced 
interest rates for mortgage products offered through 
Schwab Bank.

Employee branch and advice service

Wealth management isn’t just for our retail clients.  
All employees have access to no-cost financial planning 
sessions specific to their needs, unless they are in a 
managed account. Consultations can include retirement 
planning, investment advice, debt management, 
education planning, estate planning, and budgeting.  
This service is paid for by Schwab and provided through  
a branch that is specifically dedicated to serving 
employees. Employees pay no account maintenance  
fees and can open many types of accounts without 
required minimum balances.

Schwab helps employees achieve their professional 
development goals by offering up to $5,250 in annual 
tuition reimbursement for qualifying education and 
training courses. Qualifying courses include work-related 
undergraduate, graduate, or post-graduate programs, 
certification and professional designation programs, 
executive development programs, and external training. 
Classes that are not business or career-related but are 
required for an approved undergraduate degree program 
at an accredited college or university also qualify.  
Full-time, part-time and seasonal employees who  
work 20 or more hours per week and meet additional 
conditions are eligible to participate.  

Volunteer time off and charitable matching

Schwab strives to be part of our communities, and we 
want our employees to be involved too. We encourage 
our employees to get involved in their communities and 
support their charitable endeavors by offering paid 
volunteer time. Each year, full-time employees are 
provided with eight hours and part-time employees  
are provided with five hours to volunteer.

Through the Employee Matching Gifts program, Charles 
Schwab Foundation matches up to $1,000 per year of an 
employee’s charitable contributions to eligible nonprofit 
organizations. Employees who serve as board members 
of nonprofit organizations are eligible to receive a 2:1 
match for donations, up to a maximum of $2,000 per 
employee, per year. See Giving Back for more information 
on the different ways we invest in our communities 
nationally and locally.

45

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationOUR PEOPLECONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Governance
and leadership

Earning and keeping our clients’ trust is at the heart of everything we do and guides how  
we operate. Risk management is not just the responsibility of our compliance department, 
nor is it viewed as a check-the-box exercise.

46

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Organizing and governing to build and maintain trust

At Schwab, managing risk is a shared 
responsibility, starting at the top with 
our Board of Directors. We earn clients’ 
trust by exercising a careful balance of 
stability, thoughtful entrepreneurship, 
and measured risk calculation.

OUR GOVERNANCE FRAMEWORK

We are fortunate to have the guidance and leadership of 
our founder, Chuck Schwab, who serves as Co-Chairman 
of the Board of Directors. He instills a steady vision of trust 
and client service that permeates our organization.  
Our Chief Executive Officer, Walt Bettinger, serves as 
Co-Chairman along with Mr. Schwab. This structure 
reflects our intention to ensure strategic and leadership 
continuity for the firm through a long-term succession 
plan. Mr. Schwab continues to be actively involved in the 
firm’s strategic direction and corporate governance.

Our board maintains four committees: Audit, 
Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, 
and Risk. Each committee is chaired by an independent 
director. Over 76% of our board is independent from 
management, in accordance with New York Stock 
Exchange® corporate governance standards. Our 
director independence standards and backgrounds  
on each of our directors are available on our website.

We value continuity and experience among our  
directors as an effective governance practice for 
fulfilling Schwab’s purpose and risk appetite.  
Directors serve staggered three-year terms.

47

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

ESG oversight

Board diversity

Executive compensation

A key priority for Schwab is ensuring that our board’s 
expertise evolves with changing norms and allows for 
consistent oversight of management’s execution of our 
Through Clients’ Eyes strategy. While recognizing that 
ESG oversight is ultimately the responsibility of the  
full board, our Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee has primary oversight of our ESG programs 
and priorities, with reporting to the full board. The 
committee’s charter reflects this responsibility. 

Board size

With 17 directors, we maintain one of the larger boards 
among our peers in the financial services industry. We 
expanded the board in 2020, adding three new directors 
in connection with our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, Inc. 
As we work to complete integration of two large financial 
services organizations, the composition of our board 
provides continuity and supports the board’s oversight  
of our transition to significantly greater size and scale.  

The board recognizes that a variety of viewpoints is  
vital to effective decision-making, constructive dialogue, 
and a healthy boardroom culture. The Nominating and 
Corporate Governance Committee of our board considers 
diversity of skills, experience, and background—including 
race, ethnicity, and gender—when assessing a candidate’s 
qualifications for the position. 

Our board is 41% diverse based on race, ethnicity, and 
gender. We disclose each director’s self-identified 
diversity characteristics in our Proxy Statement.

Our Compensation Committee oversees and approves our 
executive compensation program through the design 
principles of pay for performance, stockholder value 
creation, and risk management. Throughout the year, the 
Compensation Committee receives input from several 
sources that help inform its decisions. These include 
advice and recommendations from an independent 
compensation consultant, feedback from stockholders, 
information from external market practice surveys, and 
individual performance assessments. The Compensation 
Committee annually reviews our incentive compensation 
practices and policies to balance the execution of our 
strategy with risk and financial rewards.  

To encourage collaboration and shared responsibility 
across our executive team, we take a “rise together, fall 
together” approach to compensation, as the performance 
metrics are based on organizational metrics. See our 
most recent Proxy Statement for more information.

48

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

EXECUTING OUR 
THROUGH CLIENTS’ 
EYES STRATEGY

Our board oversees management’s execution 
of our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy. We use 
our scale and resources, coupled with expense 
discipline, to reduce costs and ensure our 
products and solutions are affordable and 
responsive to client needs.

Our client-focused organizational design 
consists of two operating segments supported 
by several centralized organizations offering 
products and services delivered by a number  
of specialized legal entities or subsidiaries. 
This design enables us to maximize our focus 
on providing personalized client service while 
benefiting from the scale created by performing 
similar functions across distinct client groups.

Our Executive Council, led by our Chief 
Executive Officer, consists of all Managing 
Directors running corporate functions or 
business lines, with our Chief Risk Officer  
and General Auditor having reporting 
responsibilities to the board. The Executive 
Council leads the execution of our strategy.

We also maintain various councils that  
inform execution of our strategy, including 
a Communications Council and Regulatory 
Strategy Council. The councils do not have  
any formal reporting lines or decision-making 
authority. Rather, each council is a discussion 
forum made up of cross-functional leaders, 
which allows for strategic discussions and  
a diversity of perspectives.

49

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

RISK MANAGEMENT FRAMEWORK

We ground our overall risk appetite in our vision of being 
the most trusted leader in investment services, along 
with our focus on earning client loyalty, innovating in  
ways that benefit clients, and being good stewards of  
our brand and stockholder value. Risk management is a 
competitive advantage for deepening trust among clients 
and other stakeholders and preserving our foundation of 
stability. We continuously evolve risk management in a 
way that’s consistent with changes in our business and 
the regulatory environment.

Our board is responsible for holding senior management 
accountable for implementing the board’s approved risk 
appetite; maintaining an effective risk management 
structure that appropriately identifies, monitors, 
measures, and controls major types of risk; and managing 
the company’s actions in a safe and sound manner.  
Our 2023 Form 10-K explains in more detail the  
various types of risk we manage.

At the senior management level, our executives manage 
the process of shaping policies and procedures for the 
business and support functions to identify, measure,  
and control risks. The Chief Risk Officer leads a Global 
Risk Committee, comprised of senior executives from 
each major business and support function, which is 
responsible for the oversight of risk management.  
This includes identifying emerging risks; assessing risk 
management practices and the control environment; 
reinforcing business accountability for risk management, 
supervisory controls and regulatory compliance; 
supporting resource prioritization across the organization; 
and escalating significant issues to the board. Several 
functional risk subcommittees across the enterprise 
report to the Global Risk Committee.

The Chief Risk Officer advises the board and its 
committees on risk management activities consistent 
with the company’s risk appetite statements and 
strategic plan. Our board’s Risk Committee assists the 
full board in fulfilling these responsibilities by setting  
the types and levels of risk the company is willing to take 
and supporting the independence and stature of our risk 
management process. More information on our board’s 
Risk Committee is provided in our 2024 Proxy Statement. 

The board’s Audit Committee reviews reports from 
management and the board’s Risk Committee concerning 
major risk exposures and the steps management has 
taken to monitor and control such exposures. The  
board’s Compensation Committee oversees incentive 
compensation risk and reviews the compensation 
program with respect to the potential impact of  
risk-taking by employees. The Compensation Committee  
is supported, in part, by a management-level Incentive 
Compensation Risk Oversight Committee that conducts 
the annual risk assessment of incentive plans.

Our board has approved an Enterprise Risk Management 
(ERM) framework that enables a comprehensive approach 
to managing risks encountered in the course of Schwab’s 
business activities. Under this framework, our risk 
appetite—defined as the amount of risk the company  
is willing to accept in pursuit of its business activities—is 
developed by senior management and approved by the 
board. See our 2023 Form 10-K for more information.

Our team-based, company-wide approach to risk 
management is formally structured with three lines of 
defense. Our first line of defense is embedded in the 
business and support functions, which are risk owners 
and have primary responsibility for managing risk and 
executing business activities in a manner that is 
consistent with our strategic plan and risk appetite.  
The business and support function teams are expected  
to perform risk identification and assessment, risk 
response, risk measurement and monitoring, and  
risk reporting and escalation within their respective  
span of control.

Our second line of defense is the ERM program, including 
the firm’s risk appetite framework. The second line of 
defense is responsible for setting requirements and  
firm-wide limits, as appropriate, and establishing the 
process for risk identification and assessment, risk 
response (accept, avoid, mitigate, or transfer), 
measurement and monitoring, and reporting  
and escalation.

Our third line of defense is our Internal Audit Department. 
Using a systematic, disciplined approach, this team 
evaluates and improves the effectiveness of risk 
management, control, and governance processes for  
the benefit of the first and second lines and for reporting 
to the Audit Committee of the board. This helps us 
enhance and protect our enterprise’s value by providing 
risk-based and objective assurance, advice, and insight.

50

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

BUSINESS CONDUCT AND ETHICS

The Compliance Risk Committee, a functional risk subcommittee reporting to the Global Risk Committee, oversees compliance 
risk management programs and policies. This subcommittee includes additional subcommittees covering fiduciary and  
conflict-of-interest risk. The Human Resources Policy Governance Committee is responsible for workforce-related policies.

We maintain a number of workplace and corporate 
compliance policies and standards, as well as 
avenues for reporting and oversight. Our policies 
and standards serve as the foundation of our 
business and culture.

• Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code) 
captures our policies on general corporate and 
personal standards of conduct, conflicts of 
interest, confidentiality of information, 
employment practices, business practices, and 
compliance procedures. It reflects our shared 
commitment to the highest level of business 
conduct and ethics. The Code is reviewed each 
year and any material changes must be approved 
by Schwab’s Board of Directors.  

• Our Enterprise Risk Management Policy supports 
the minimum requirements for risk management 
activities across Schwab and our framework 
described above.

• Our Compliance Risk Management Policy  
outlines our compliance risk management 
program, consistent with our board-approved 
compliance risk appetite.

• Our policy on Workplace Behavior Expectations 
describes expected standards of behavior that 
extend beyond compliance with laws, such as 
anti-discrimination and anti-harassment laws.

We maintain a number of additional policies covering a 
range of topics, including employment-related policies, 
anti-bribery and corruption, anti-money laundering,  
and conflicts of interest.

Our enterprise-wide Conduct Risk Management program 
is responsible for implementation of the Code and 
oversight of conduct. Programs within the conduct 
function include corporate responsibility, internal 
surveillance, internal investigations, anti-bribery and 
corruption, and other functions involving employee 
conduct. The Conduct Risk Management team is 
responsible for helping to protect our clients, 
employees, and Schwab by providing effective and 
timely identification, mitigation, investigation, analysis  
and trending, and reporting of conduct risk concerns  
to leadership, the Risk Committee and Audit Committee  
of the Board of Directors, and directly to the full board.  

For workplace issues, we encourage open communication 
to resolve any conflicts by discussing concerns with 
managers or Human Resources.

The Code requires all employees to report actual or 
suspected violations of the Code. Understanding that 
reporting these matters can be uncomfortable, we offer  
a number of pathways for employees to report conduct 
and ethics concerns. Employees can report suspected 
violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics  

to the Corporate Responsibility Officer directly  
or to Conduct Risk Management via a tip line. The 
Ombudsperson program offers an anonymous reporting 
alternative. Using an outside Ombudsperson allows for 
added assurance of confidentiality and anonymity.

Schwab maintains a non-retaliation policy that prohibits 
retaliation against any employee, former employee, 
applicant, or any person who provides services to  
the Company for reporting concerns about a potential 
violation of the Code, for assisting anyone in making  
a report, or for cooperating in an investigation.

Reporting channels and procedures are communicated 
through trainings and policies. We maintain hotlines for 
anti–money laundering/Office of Foreign Assets Control 
(OFAC) issues through the compliance department and 
corporate legal services. Concerns about potential 
financial crimes may be confidentially reported to  
the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) Officer in the Corporate 
Anti–Money Laundering Department and escalated  
to the Corporate Responsibility Officer.

51

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

REGULATORY AND COMPLIANCE TRAINING

To help ensure adherence to our policies, we offer  
more than 50 training courses related to compliance  
and conduct. These courses help employees understand 
Schwab’s legal and regulatory compliance obligations 
and how all employees play a part in ensuring that 
Schwab meets them.

All Schwab employees complete our ERM Annual Training, 
which promotes risk awareness and supports a culture  
of compliance and ethical behavior that is embedded  
in decision-making and risk management processes. 
Topics covered in the training include conflicts of interest, 
conduct risk, financial crimes, information security,  
and risk management.

PUBLIC POLICY ENGAGEMENT

Participation in the regulatory and legislative process  
is guided by our long-standing vision to democratize 
investing and our belief that investing has the power  
to transform lives. Schwab’s Office of Legislative and 
Regulatory Affairs’ mission is to encourage and support 
the creation of responsible government policies that help 
our clients achieve their financial goals and help the 
company grow and succeed. Our advocacy activities are 
focused on regulatory and legislative issues that directly 
affect our business and our ability to serve clients with 
passion and integrity.

We work to educate policymakers at the international, 
federal, state, and local levels about the effect of public 
policy proposals on individual investors and RIAs. We 
proactively encourage legislation and regulations that 

benefit our clients and individual investors generally,  
and we participate in the legislative and regulatory 
processes by communicating the company’s views on 
policy proposals that affect investors. We also keep our 
employees informed of key legislative issues to allow 
them to better serve our clients and enhance our  
clients’ abilities to achieve their investment goals.

Oversight

Our Office of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs, located  
in Washington, D.C., executes our lobbying activities  
with oversight by the Corporate General Counsel and  
the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  
of the Board of Directors. Our Head of Legislative and 
Regulatory Affairs has standing meetings with the 
General Counsel.

The Legislative and Regulatory Affairs team meets 
regularly with the Regulatory Strategy Council, a 
committee of senior executives. The Regulatory Strategy 
Council provides advice and oversight for Schwab’s 
advocacy strategies on policy issues of importance to 
clients and the company, as well as our relationships  
with trade associations. Depending on the issue, the 
council engages with the appropriate business unit to 
gain insights that help shape the advocacy strategy 
needed to reflect our vision.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee  
of the Board of Directors reviews our public policy and 
advocacy activities. The committee receives regular 
reports on our lobbying activity, annually reviews our 
membership in trade associations that engage in lobbying 

activity, and reviews our corporate spending on lobbying 
and advocacy activities. In addition, quarterly reports  
on pending legislative and regulatory policy issues of 
significance to the company are provided to the Risk 
Committee of the Board of Directors.

Schwab is subject to extensive federal, state, and local 
lobbying disclosure requirements, which include the 
filing of reports with Congress and applicable state 
agencies. Our reports on federal lobbying activities are 
publicly available on the websites of the U.S. House of 
Representatives and the U.S. Senate. These quarterly 
reports provide information on activities to influence 
legislation through communication with any member or 
employee of Congress or with any covered executive 
branch official. The reports also provide disclosure on 
lobbying expenses incurred for the applicable quarter,  
the specific issues lobbied on, which federal agencies 
were lobbied, and the names of any registered lobbyists 
who lobbied on behalf of the company or any of  
its subsidiaries.

In addition, as required under state law, we disclose our 
lobbying activity in the states in which we are actively 
engaged in lobbying. In most cases, these disclosures are 
publicly available at the government disclosure sites by 
following the instructions on each website and searching 
for “Charles Schwab Corporation” where appropriate.

Our publicly available policy overview further outlines the 
company’s oversight with respect to lobbying activities 
and reporting.

52

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Political contributions

Advocacy 

Schwab does not use corporate funds for direct political 
spending. We do not endorse or financially support any 
political party or individual political candidate. Similarly, 
we do not make any donations or payments to 501(c)(4) 
social welfare nonprofits and we do not maintain a 
political action committee. 

We respect the right of our employees to individually 
participate in the political process and make political 
contributions from personal funds subject to  
applicable law.

We focus our advocacy efforts on policy positions that support our clients’ investment goals. We also use our 
position as the leading custodian to drive awareness and to support the continued growth of the RIA industry  
and our nearly 15,000 client firms. The following are some examples of our lobbying efforts:

• For more than a decade, Schwab has been a leader 
in advocating for retirement savers in a long-running 
effort at the Department of Labor (DOL) to clarify 
who is a fiduciary in the retirement savings context. 
While Schwab has worked with the DOL in the past 
to try to find solutions, the firm’s comment on the 
2023 proposal argued that the proposal was too 
similar to the rule that was vacated in 2016 by the 
courts and should be withdrawn so that the DOL 
can work more closely with the industry to ensure 
retirement savers are protected from conflicted 
advice without taking away access to that advice.

• Regulators have proposed significant changes 

to equity market structure, which would impact  
the way retail investors trade securities, enhance 
execution transparency, allow for some stocks to be 
traded in tick sizes smaller than a penny, and more. 
Through multiple comment letters and meetings 
with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) 
commissioners and staff, Schwab has sought to 
make clear the potential impact on retail investors 
and on the firm’s trading operations while suggesting 
improvements that could help the SEC meet its 
objectives in a less burdensome way.

• Regulators have also proposed a series of rule 
changes that would impact how registered 
investment advisors run their businesses and work 
with their clients. These include burdensome new 
rules for the types of assets that are governed by 
the Custody Rule and how RIAs interact with 
custodians; changes to the requirements for RIAs  
on how they perform due diligence on third party 
service providers and work with clients on ESG 
investing strategies; and a proposal on the use of 
“predictive data analytics” that would restrict the 
use of virtually any technology in investment advice 
interactions with clients. Schwab has held seminars 
to educate advisors about the proposals, submitted 
comment letters, and participated in numerous 
meetings with regulators to discuss the impact  
on the RIA community.

53

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Trade associations

We are members of a number of trade associations that 
are core to our business and vision. Trade associations 
provide valuable professional education, training, and 
networking opportunities. Many trade associations also 
engage in lobbying activities on issues of importance  
to the businesses they represent.

Schwab’s membership in a trade association is not an 
endorsement of the group’s activities or positions on 
public policy issues. Indeed, Schwab’s views on an issue 
can and do differ from those of a trade association of 
which we are a member.

In keeping with federal requirements, the percentage  
of dues paid to trade associations that are attributable  
to lobbying activities must be included in the calculation 
of the total amount the firm spends on lobbying on a 
quarterly basis. Based on the information reported to  
us by these trade associations for 2023, the aggregate 
amount of our dues designated by these trade 
associations as attributable to lobbying was 
approximately $552,000.

Each year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee of the Board of Directors reviews our 
membership in trade associations that engage in lobbying 
activity, and we regularly evaluate our participation in 
trade associations and industry groups, weighing the 
costs and benefits of continued membership.

In 2023, we belonged to the following  
trade associations through our Office  
of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs:

• American Bankers Association

• American Bankers Association Securities 

Association

• Association of National Advertisers

• Bank Policy Institute

• Committee on Capital Markets Regulation

• Council of Institutional Investors

• Financial Data Exchange

• Investment Company Institute

• National Business Coalition on E-Commerce  

and Privacy

• Securities Industry and Financial Markets 

Association

• Securities Industry and Financial Markets 

Association Asset Management Group

Additionally, we paid dues in 2023 to  
the following international, state, and  
city-based organizations that do not  
require federal lobbying reporting:

• American Chamber of Commerce to the  

European Union

• Denver Metro Chamber of Commerce

• San Francisco Chamber of Commerce

• Texas Bankers Association

more content to add here ^, requires layout adjustment

54

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGOVERNANCE AND LEADERSHIPCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Community

We opened our doors to banking in April 2003 by offering a select suite of products for the 
benefit of individual clients. Today, we strive to deepen client relationships through selected 
banking services, including interest-bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and loan 
products such as overdraft lines of credit, home equity lines of credit, residential mortgage 
loans for home purchases and refinancing, and securities-based lines of credit. 

While our banking services remain focused on meeting the needs of our retail clients, we  
are committed to providing equal credit access to all. In addition, we believe that investing  
in all communities through banking services, grants, and volunteerism is important, not just 
because of our regulatory obligations, but also because of our commitment to being a  
strong corporate citizen in the communities we serve.

55

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationCOMMUNITYCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Investing in our communities

The Community Development Group 
within Schwab’s Banking and Trust 
Services organization manages our 
responsibilities under the Community 
Reinvestment Act (CRA) to help meet 
the credit needs of low- and moderate-
income communities where we do 
business. While its core purpose is to 
help our bank subsidiaries meet their 
regulatory obligations, the Community 
Development Group has taken our 
programs above and beyond those 
requirements. 

Through our Community Development Group, we aim  
to make a positive impact on the communities we  
serve. We make community development loans and 
investments that help support affordable housing, small 
businesses, charter schools, early childhood education 
centers, and healthcare facilities in those communities. 
We also make grants to local non-profits, and we match 
our grant dollars with skills-based volunteer service in 
those communities.  

Our skills-based approach to volunteerism through the 
Community Development Group allows us to maximize 
our impact by sharing our employees’ expertise with the 
community-based organizations that we support. Taking 
our work from a purely transactional relationship to a 
partnership model, where Schwab employees engage 
side-by-side with our community partners, strengthens 
our community relationships.  

56

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationCOMMUNITYCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

OVERSIGHT

Our impact is made possible by strong oversight of our 
CRA programs. Two of our bank subsidiaries are subject to 
the CRA, and each of those banks has a CRA Committee 
composed of senior officers that oversees the CRA 
program. The CRA Committees are subcommittees  
of each bank’s respective Management Committee.

Together, the CRA Committees and the Management 
Committees ensure that appropriate resources are 
dedicated to the CRA program. The Management 
Committees and the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee of Schwab’s Board of  
Directors are responsible for reviewing our CRA 
activities and performance.

DEVELOPING OUR STRATEGIC PLANS

To comply with the CRA, each bank develops a  
three-year strategic plan, which is approved by the  
bank’s Board of Directors. In developing our strategic 
plans, we generally evaluate specific geographies  
(called Assessment Areas) for three types of 
opportunities: intermediary lending and investments, 
grants, and community service. We set annual goals 
based on how much we expect to lend and invest,  
as well as annual goals for community service.

In determining what opportunities to pursue for a 
particular community, we focus on affordable housing, 
small business development for job growth, and financial 
capability. We consider a number of factors that help us 
understand a community’s specific needs, including 
population changes, demographics, economic and 
housing information, unemployment rates, poverty rates, 
homeownership rates, and market competition. We also 
engage in community outreach, which can include 
meetings with nonprofits, state and local governments, 
chambers of commerce, and universities as well as 
hosting roundtables.

57

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationCOMMUNITYCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

CREATING IMPACT

Affordable housing

We partner with institutions and organizations that  
know the communities, enabling us to build trust and 
maximize our impact. While our efforts are tailored to  
a community, our focus and activities can include  
the following:

 Fueling local and regional economies

We partner with and invest in Community Development 
Financial Institutions (CDFIs), primarily throughout the 
Western and Southwestern United States. Our loans  
and investments in CDFIs represented about 50% of  
our annual commitment volume in 2023. We seek to loan 
to and invest in CDFIs that primarily support affordable 
housing, small business development, microfinance, and 
community facilities such as charter schools, health care 
facilities, and childcare centers. Some of our key 
accomplishments in 2023 were:

• We loaned $10 million to Grameen America, a 
microfinance organization that serves women 
entrepreneurs living below the federal poverty line. 
Grameen America provides small business loans, 
financial education, and peer support to low-income 
women of color to increase their wealth and create 
jobs in their communities

• We loaned $5 million to ROC USA, the nation’s  

premier lender—and one of the few lenders—to serve 
manufactured housing communities to support the 
creation of resident-owned communities  

• We made 384 small business loans totaling $166  

million and 19 community development loans totaling 
$469 million

Approximately 80% of our annual commitments  
are invested in affordable housing. These consist of 
investments in real estate partnerships that finance 
projects eligible for low-income housing tax credits  
for multi-family affordable housing.

We also invest in innovative funds and with emerging 
fund managers. In 2023, we doubled our investment in 
the SDS Supportive Housing Fund, which uses equity 
instead of debt to build permanent supportive housing, 
from $10 million to $20 million. The fund partners with 
nonprofit landowners and municipalities in California  
to create 3,000 units of permanent housing for its 
homeless population.

Community service and grants

Schwab Bank makes grants to local organizations to 
deliver programs that support affordable housing, 
entrepreneurship, financial capability, and other needed 
community services. In 2023, we funded the Equitable 
Development Initiative by Capital Impact Partners, which 
supports emerging real estate developers of color to 
create affordable housing in Dallas. Other 2023 
activities included: 

• Awarded a $31,000 grant to the United Way of  

Tarrant County, Texas “Beat the Heat” initiative,  
which distributed 246 window AC units and 14 fans  
to keep the most vulnerable population cool during 
dangerous summer heat

• Funded $20,000 in scholarships for a non-profit board 
training program through BoardBuild, an innovative 
platform that offers board governance training and 
connects emerging and established leaders with 
nonprofit organizations

• Provided more than 4,300 hours of community 

development services for the assessment areas 
identified in our 2022-2024 strategic plans, 
representing approximately 1,500 more hours  
than in 2022

OUR PERFORMANCE

The Federal Reserve evaluates our performance, and we 
have received an outstanding CRA rating in our last three 
performance evaluations. In support of this rating, we met 
or exceeded our performance goals under the lending, 
investment, and service tests of our strategic plans.

50%

of our annual 
commitment  
volume was loans 
and investments  
in CDFIs

$166M

in loans to 384 small 
businesses were 
made in 2023

~80%

of our annual commitments are invested 
in affordable housing

58

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationCOMMUNITYCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Giving back

Schwab is committed to strengthening the communities where we live and work  
by strategically deploying philanthropic resources to support critical needs that align  
with our values and corporate strategy, our employees’ interests, and the needs of  
our local communities. True to Schwab’s heritage, our giving mission is to empower  
people through financial education and foster strong communities so that people  
from all backgrounds have the opportunity to achieve financial well-being. Our  
approach taps our firm’s expertise, helps build a pipeline of future investors, and  
empowers our employees to give back in the ways that are most meaningful to them.  

59

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Schwab’s giving strategy

We design our giving activities to empower 
Americans through financial education and 
foster strong communities. Our work  
focuses on:

• Partnerships with national and local nonprofits to advance 

financial literacy and support community needs

• Financial literacy content for the public, especially younger  

and historically underrepresented audiences

• Employee volunteer programs, including firm-wide events and 

individual and group volunteer opportunities

• Charitable sponsorships that enable employees to support 

causes they care about

EMPOWER AMERICANS THROUGH FINANCIAL EDUCATION

A lack of financial literacy has real consequences in people’s lives 
and can limit access to college, housing, and good jobs. Schwab’s 
focus on financial literacy is grounded in our commitment to help 
change this trajectory by empowering individuals with the financial 
confidence they need to take ownership of their financial futures. 
For decades, Schwab has partnered with leading nonprofits and 
community organizations to educate and equip people of all ages 
with the knowledge, skills, and behaviors it takes to become 
financially confident and secure.

We have a multifaceted strategy for improving financial literacy 
with a focus on scale, both in reach and impact. Our strategy 
drives financial literacy through direct education with a particular 
focus on programs for youth and young adults and building 
capacity for educators.

Empower Americans Through  
Financial Education

Foster Strong  
Communities

Financial Literacy  
& Education

Through Charles Schwab 
Foundation grants and Schwab 
employee volunteerism, we invest 
in nonprofit partnerships and 
programs that foster financial 
literacy, especially among youth.

Advocacy

Employee Giving

We activate our expertise and 
resources to knock down barriers 
to financial education and raise 
awareness of the positive impact 
financial literacy can have on 
people’s lives.

We empower Schwab employees 
to champion the causes they 
care about through philanthropy, 
volunteerism, and community 
support. 

60

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

We recognize that financial literacy is a journey and not a 
destination, so we provide expertise and invest in programs  
that give people relevant resources no matter where they are  
on their path. We prioritize investing in programs and partnerships  
to support teens because they are at a pivotal life stage when 
independent financial decision making begins and lifelong habits 
start to develop.  

Schwab’s ongoing signature programs and partnerships advance 
financial literacy nationwide and reach tens of thousands of teens 
and young adults each year.

Moneywise America™

Moneywise America builds on our long-standing commitment  
to financial literacy. This flagship program harnesses Schwab’s 
financial expertise alongside the talents of our 33,000 employees  
to provide access to high-quality financial education to teens 
across the country, with a focus on those from under-resourced 
communities and schools. Moneywise America includes an 
extensive volunteer training program that develops and empowers 
our employees to confidently facilitate financial education in 
schools and nonprofits across the country. For schools and 
nonprofits that do not have their own content, the program  
has a full standards-based financial literacy curriculum. 

In 2023, more than 1,400 employees participated in a Moneywise 
America volunteer activity, reaching more than 4,900 individuals 
and serving more than 100 schools and nonprofits across the 
country. Since the program launch in 2021, more than 2,300 
employees have volunteered through Moneywise America,  
reaching nearly 11,000 individuals.

Direct Education
We partner with nonprofits and leverage our own experts to build and deliver high quality, scalable 
programs and content for people across the learning continuum.

For Youth
Via partnerships and programs that teach young people to build relevant critical financial literacy skills 
and set them on a path to positive financial behavior

For Adults
Via public service content that provides relevant resources designed to support every stage  
of life, as well as local grantmaking to support financial literacy

Educator Capacity Building
We use our resources to build and deliver programs that empower formal and informal educators  
to deliver effective financial education.

For Educators (formal and informal)
Via partnerships and programs to increase their confidence and ability to deliver effective  
financial education

For Employee Volunteers
Via programs to increase their confidence and ability to deliver effective financial education

61

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Boys & Girls Clubs of America

Girl Scouts of the USA

SIFMA Foundation

For more than 20 years, Schwab has partnered with  
Boys & Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) to teach critical 
money management skills to teens while also equipping 
them with the decision-making confidence to achieve 
financial well-being and lifelong success. BGCA serves 
more than 3.6 million young people annually through 
programs that promote academic success, good 
character and citizenship, and healthy lifestyles. 

Together, Schwab and BGCA developed the Money 
Matters: Make It Count program to provide teens with  
a solid foundation in financial literacy so they can make 
empowered financial choices as adults. Through financial 
literacy sessions, teens develop skills such as goal 
setting, budgeting, saving, and investing, and they 
practice their financial decision-making skills through  
fun, engaging digital tools and games. In the 2022-2023 
academic year, more than 61,000 youth participated in 
the Money Matters program, which has reached more 
than 1.2 million young people since the program was  
first launched. To expand the reach of Money Matters, 
Schwab and BGCA are adapting the program to reach  
a younger preteen audience. 

In 2023, Schwab funded 11 Money Matters college 
scholarships for high school students who demonstrated 
financial literacy capability and leadership in encouraging 
other students to improve their financial literacy. Since 
2003, Schwab has awarded more than $700,000 to more 
than 330 Money Matters scholarship recipients.

Schwab began its partnership with Girls Scouts of the 
USA (Girl Scouts) in 2022 to redesign the organization’s 
financial literacy badge series, with a focus on financial 
wellness and financial empowerment. Girl Scouts is one 
of the largest youth-serving organizations in the country, 
offering many opportunities for Schwab employees to 
volunteer and engage with local troops on financial 
literacy topics. 

To modernize the new badge program, Schwab and  
Girl Scouts focused on removing gender bias, which 
perpetuates the tendency for girls to be taught financial 
topics that are different from those taught to boys. 
Badges now cover topics like investing and retirement.  
In 2023, Schwab’s support focused on implementation 
and troop adoption of the new financial literacy badge 
program. Since the program launched, Girl Scouts have 
earned nearly 90,000 financial literacy badges and more 
than 200 Schwab employees have participated in a  
Girl Scouts volunteer project.

For six years, Schwab has partnered with the SIFMA 
Foundation to support the Capitol Hill Challenge,  
a 14-week financial education and stock market 
competition, by fully funding participation for low-income 
schools in every state each year. SIFMA Foundation 
provides financial education to strengthen economic 
opportunity across communities and increase awareness 
of the benefits of the global marketplace. 

Capitol Hill Challenge matches members of Congress 
with students, teachers, and schools in their respective 
districts to teach middle and high school students from 
under-resourced schools about saving, investing, and 
civics. Student teams manage a hypothetical $100,000 
online portfolio to invest in real stocks, bonds, and mutual 
funds. The program fosters mentorship, encourages civic 
engagement, cultivates community ties, and creates 
opportunities for lifelong financial empowerment. 

In 2023, Capitol Hill Challenge engaged nearly 300  
middle and high schools, reaching 6,300 students across 
the country. Since Schwab’s support started in 2018, the 
program has reached more than 44,000 students. Schwab 
recently expanded its partnership to support growth of 
other SIFMA Foundation financial literacy programs.

62

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

DonorsChoose

Schwab has partnered with DonorsChoose to  
increase educators’ confidence and ability to deliver 
financial education, equipping students with the financial 
knowledge they need to thrive. DonorsChoose is a  
non-profit crowd-funding platform that enables the 
public to donate directly to teacher-driven public  
school classroom needs.

In 2023, Schwab funded more than 2,300 financial 
literacy projects that benefited nearly 1,800 teachers  
and their classrooms. Since 2016, Schwab has supported 
classrooms in all 50 states, reaching more than  
3,600 schools. 

Project-based partnerships

In 2023, Schwab also supported a number of other 
nonprofits on specific projects that advance financial 
literacy, including: 

• Junior Achievement USA: Schwab partnered with 

Junior Achievement USA (JA) to support its work to 
build stronger tools for inclusion across its financial 
education learning experiences. JA is the nation’s 
largest organization dedicated to giving young people 
the knowledge and skills they need to own their 
economic success, plan for their future, and make 
smart academic and economic choices.

• Council for Economic Education: With support from 

Schwab, Council for Economic Education is enhancing 
and expanding the reach of its high-school-level course 
in personal finance. The Council for Economic Education 
helps teachers nationwide bring important lessons about 
personal finance and economics to their students by 
providing them with free teacher workshops, engaging 
activities and programs, and hundreds of online lesson 
plans, tools, and videos. 

• Boost@BerkeleyHaas: Schwab supported Boost@
BerkeleyHaas, a four-year college preparedness 
program for low-income and disadvantaged high school 
students in the San Francisco Bay Area. The program 
supports students through workshops that focus on 
college readiness, life skills development, professional 
development, case study projects, and mentorship.  
As part of this partnership, local Schwab employees 
visit the University of California, Berkeley, campus  
one Saturday a month to teach Schwab’s proprietary 
Moneywise America curriculum to the students. Nearly 
100% of Boost graduates attend college, with many 
attending top-tier institutions. 

• Jump$tart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy 

(Jump$tart Coalition): Schwab provided scholarships 
for 120 teachers to attend the Jump$tart National 
Educator Conference, a two-day learning event that 
supports teachers’ ability to deliver effective financial 
education. The Jump$tart Coalition focuses on 
improving the quality and curriculum for personal 
finance education in America’s schools. 

• Moneythink: Schwab partnered with Moneythink, a 

national education-technology nonprofit, to enhance and 
expand access to its free, publicly accessible college 
affordability tool DecidED. With Schwab’s support, 
Moneythink is enhancing the tool’s functionality and 
extending its reach to more students.

• Uplift Education: Schwab partnered with Uplift 

Education, the largest public charter school network in 
North Texas, to support its Road to College and Career 
program, which prepares students and alumni as they 
transition into post-secondary pathways. As part of our 
partnership, Schwab employees in our headquarters 
community volunteered at eight Uplift Education 
campuses over a three-week period to teach Schwab’s 
proprietary Moneywise America curriculum to  
Uplift high school seniors.

63

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

FOSTER STRONG COMMUNITIES 

A core component of our giving strategy centers on  
using our time, talent, and financial resources to make  
a difference in the places where we live and work.  
Our giving activities expand beyond financial literacy  
to support a wide range of charitable organizations and 
community service programs that help our people give to 
causes that matter to them. Our culture of giving extends 
to providing grants, corporate sponsorships, and disaster 
relief funding to a variety of nonprofits. We are proud to 
be an honoree of The Civic 50 from Points of Light, which 
has recognized us as one of the 50 most community-
minded companies in the country every year since 2017.

Community Ambassador Program

Across our major employment centers, Schwab has more 
than 175 volunteer Community Ambassadors who play a 
critical role in investing in our communities, building 
nonprofit relationships, and mobilizing employees for 
service. Community Ambassadors provide local 
leadership for events that support financial literacy 
initiatives, volunteer engagement, and a wide variety of 
employee-selected causes. We also have a network  
of Regional Branch Community Ambassadors who help 
facilitate branch employee engagement locally. 

Schwab Volunteer Week

In 2023, we celebrated 20 years of Schwab Volunteer 
Week, our flagship employee volunteer event. While 
Schwab employees have been volunteering and giving 
back to their communities since the company’s founding, 
Schwab formalized its annual volunteer event in 2004  
as a single day of service with just over 1,000 employee 
volunteers serving 37 nonprofits. The event has grown  
in size and scale over time, true to our spirit of service.  

In 2023, 8,250 employees volunteered to complete nearly 
700 projects that benefited 375 nonprofits nationwide.

Financial literacy has long been a cornerstone of Schwab 
Volunteer Week. In 2023, 600 employees volunteered at  
70 Moneywise America projects during Schwab Volunteer 
Week, including with Boys & Girls Clubs of America, 
Junior Achievement USA, Girl Scouts of the USA,  
and other local nonprofits that focus on providing  
financial education.

In recognition of employee efforts during Schwab 
Volunteer Week, Charles Schwab Foundation granted 
over $500,000 to organizations hosting Schwab 
employee volunteers. 

Season of Giving

Every holiday season, we put our spirit of service to work 
by giving back to the communities we call home through 
our Season of Giving program. In 2023, Schwab focused 
on providing hunger relief to communities nationwide by 
packaging 512,000 meals, donating thousands of pounds 
of food, and providing financial support to food banks and 
other nonprofits. Approximately 2,150 Schwab employees 
across the country volunteered to pack nutritious meals 
that were distributed within their local communities, in 
addition to collecting food, toys, and other goods to 
support local families during the holiday season. 

Recognizing that hunger relief is a year-round need, 
Charles Schwab Foundation granted $750,000 to local 
food banks and nonprofits focused on food insecurity in 
the 14 communities where most Schwab employees live 
and work. To coordinate the packaged meal donations, 
Schwab partnered with Harvest Pack, a leading hunger 
relief nonprofit that brings meal-packing events to  
local communities.

8,250 employees volunteered to complete  

nearly 700 projects that benefitted 375  
nonprofits nationwide during Schwab  
Volunteer Week

64

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

GIVING BACK IN 2023

5,500

employees used 
their matching gift 
benefit

3.7M

youth have benefited from financial 
education and other community 
grants provided by Charles Schwab 
Foundation

4,000

unique nonprofits 
served through  
direct grants, 
volunteerism, and 
matching gifts

$13.9M

granted by Charles 
Schwab Foundation, 
including $2.6 million for 
employee matching gifts

Employees volunteered to give back  
to their communities 

11,400

Hours volunteered in support of our 
communities 

148,000

Employees participated in Moneywise 
America financial literacy volunteerism

1,440

65

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationGIVING BACKCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Environment

We recognize that our operations have an impact on the environment, and we aim to 
conduct our business in ways that reduce our environmental impact. As a corporate citizen, 
we understand that creating a positive impact on the environment is important to many of  
our clients, employees, stockholders, and the communities we serve.

66

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationENVIRONMENTCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Being good stewards of our environment

Our direct environmental impact comes 
primarily from our real estate footprint, 
which includes our corporate facilities, 
branch locations, and data centers. 
Schwab takes a project-based approach 
to reducing our environmental impact, 
studying the conditions at each location 
and pursuing opportunities for 
improvement as they arise.

As climate change becomes a more prominent issue for  
a growing subset of our clients and other stakeholders, 
we are looking to address our climate impact in new  
ways that balance our vision, our recent growth, and  
our role as a corporate citizen.

OVERSIGHT AND EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT

The Managing Director, Head of Corporate Real Estate 
and Security assesses and manages environmental  
risks and opportunities associated with our corporate 
facilities and reports to the Chief Financial Officer.

Within the Corporate Real Estate team, our Senior 
Manager, Energy and Sustainability leads our Corporate 
Real Estate team to drive environmental initiatives for 
our corporate and branch locations.

Schwab employees who are interested in reducing  
our environmental footprint can engage in these issues 
through Schwab Employees for the Environment (E4E). 
E4E members are volunteer champions dedicated to 
promoting and celebrating environmental responsibility 
at Schwab. They bring ideas and opportunities to the 
Corporate Real Estate team for discussion and, where 
appropriate, implementation.

E4E members support sustainability efforts by our 
employees and in our local communities. In partnership 
with Corporate Real Estate, E4E organized a number  
of events around Earth Day in 2023, including paper 
shredding and recycling at multiple Schwab locations 
and sustainable food awareness events through our 
on-site cafés.  

67

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationENVIRONMENTCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

CARBON AND ENERGY REDUCTION

SUSTAINABLE REAL ESTATE

We strive to reduce our carbon footprint through energy 
conservation and the use of renewable energy sources. 

We annually measure and report Scope 1 and Scope 2 
greenhouse gas emissions for our corporate facilities, 
branch locations, and data centers through CDP. In 2021, 
we included estimated emissions from facilities added  
to our portfolio with our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, 
Inc. (TD Ameritrade) which significantly increased both 
our real estate footprint and our employee headcount. 
Emissions data for 2022 includes actual data for  
TD Ameritrade facilities where available. 

We continue to evaluate solar projects as a means  
of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions. Our solar 
farm in North Texas produced approximately 3,600 
megawatt-hours in 2022, reducing our carbon dioxide 
emissions by 2,590 metric tons. Electricity generated by 
the solar farm fully powers our North Texas data center. 
Any unused power we produce is sold back to the grid  
to offset our energy costs.

In 2023, we substantially completed construction on a new 
rooftop solar project at our Phoenix campus, which we 
expect to go online in the first half of 2024. We estimate 
that this project will generate nearly 1,000 megawatt-hours 
annually, which we will use to offset our consumption of 
energy from non-renewable sources. We continue to 
evaluate other solar investments at our major campuses, 
such as applying solar to new locations and to car 
canopies and building roofs at existing locations.

All Schwab properties are enrolled in the U.S. 
Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY STAR® 
program for benchmarking. In addition, many of our 
properties, both Schwab and former TD Ameritrade 
locations, are LEED-certified, including at the  
Platinum (2), Gold (18), and Silver (16) levels.

Our Corporate Real Estate team actively identifies 
opportunities to implement water conservation 
measures for our properties. During the design process 
for our office spaces, we specify low-flow fixtures and 
sustainable landscaping, which can include xeriscaping, 
drought-tolerant native plants and shrubs, smart 
irrigation with flow shut-off sensors, and rain/freeze 
sensors. Landscaping at our Westlake campus, for 
example, incorporates native and adaptable plants  
that can thrive with minimal water, enabling us to  
reduce our water usage.

We also support our employees who reduce their own 
carbon footprint by choosing to drive electric vehicles.  
We have installed approximately 100 EV charging 
stations across seven of our larger business locations 
that enable employees to charge their personal electric 
vehicles at cost.

2022 Emissions (metric tons CO2e)*

8,409

Scope 1

Scope 2

Combined Scope 1 and Scope 2

90,599

99,008

* Measurements are not third-party verified and represent calculations using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard. 
Emissions data for 2022 reflects full-year actual data for most of our locations and estimated data for certain locations for which data was not available.  

68

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationENVIRONMENTCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

RESPONSIBLE SOURCING AND  
WASTE REDUCTION

We don’t forget about the small ways to minimize our 
environmental footprint that together make a big 
difference. Some examples are:

• In partnership with our food service vendor, we are 

committed to sustainable practices through recycling, 
composting, and the use of eco-friendly alternatives, 
such as biodegradable sugar cane containers and lids, 
recycled napkins, and paper straws.  

• We partner with Copia, a food reclamation service, to 
donate excess prepared food from six of our corporate 
locations. In 2023, Schwab donated over 8,000 pounds 
of food, providing more than 6,700 meals to those  
in need. These donations also had a significant 
environmental impact, diverting 25,000 pounds of 
carbon emissions and conserving 1.85 million  
gallons of water.

• We launched DocuSign to our branch network in 2023, 
with the initial launched forms representing more than 
60% of the total paper volume in our branches.

• We redesigned our client statements with the goal  

of reducing paper by 40%.  

• We source some environmentally responsible products, 

including paper products that are certified by the 
Forest Stewardship Council or contain post-consumer 
recycled content, high-yield ink and toner cartridges, 
and rechargeable batteries.

Since January 2017, we have partnered with Green 
Standards to sustainably manage the resale, recycling, 
and donation of office furniture and equipment in certain 
locations. This initiative has both an environmental and a 
social impact, combining waste reduction with meaningful 
benefits to organizations within our communities.

Our partnership with Green Standards has enabled us to 
divert a total of nearly 1,500 tons of waste from landfills, 
resulting in a reduction of 4,000 metric tons of carbon 
emissions since 2017. The waste diverted through this 
program consists of workplace furniture and equipment, 
of which approximately 42% was resold, 38% was 
recycled, and 14.6% was donated. This initiative also  
has had a positive impact on our communities, with  
45 beneficiaries receiving more than $287,000 of in-kind 
donations as of December 2022. We did not engage  
with Green Standards on new projects in 2023.

Each year, we partner with E4E volunteers to sponsor 
collection events for Schwab employees and contractors 
to recycle their personal electronics, including computers, 
printers, cell phones, game consoles, TVs, and stereos.  
In 2023, E4E held four collection events at our locations in 
Westlake, Austin, Phoenix and Lone Tree that resulted  
in recycling or reselling 2,028 electronic devices with  
a total weight of more than 16,000 pounds.

In partnership with Schwab Technology Services,  
E4E also manages a program that donates gently  
used and refurbished Schwab computers to nonprofit 
organizations. E4E prioritizes local organizations whose 
missions are related to sustainability such as park and 
trail maintenance/beautification and environmental 
education organizations. In 2023, E4E volunteers 
collected, refurbished, and donated nearly 500 Schwab 
computers valued at more than $120,000 to 21 
community nonprofits recommended by our employees.

Additional information about our ongoing environmental 
efforts is available on our Environmental Stewardship page.

69

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationENVIRONMENTCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Appendices

70

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Awards

INDUSTRY RECOGNITION

COMMUNITY SERVICE RECOGNITION

Ranked #1 Most Trusted Bank 

Awarded by Investor’s Business Daily

Charles Schwab Bank was named the most trusted  
bank by Investor’s Business Daily (IBD) in its 2023  
Most Trusted Financial Companies Survey, marking the 
first year a bank broke into the annual survey’s top 10 
since its inception in 2020. Charles Schwab was also 
named one of the most trusted investment firms, with 
consumers ranking Schwab among the top two most 
trusted financial companies across four categories— 
ETF/Fund Company, Online Broker, Wealth  
Management and Banking.

The survey scores financial companies on seven key 
attributes: financially sound/secure; quality of products/
services; ethical business practices; privacy and  
security of personal data; customer service; prices;  
and sensitivity to customer needs in the current  
economic and financial climate.

The IBD Most Trusted Bank award was given to  
Charles Schwab Bank on September 25, 2023, and 
expires December 31, 2024. The criteria, evaluation,  
and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business 
Daily. IBD’s Criteria and Methodology. Schwab paid  
a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for the  
use of the award and logos.

The Civic 50 

Recognized since 2017 by Points of Light, the world’s 
largest organization dedicated to volunteer service

The Civic 50 recognizes the 50 most community-minded 
companies in the nation each year and showcases  
how companies can use their time, skills, and resources  
to drive social impact in their communities. Honorees are 
companies with annual U.S. revenues of at least $1 billion 
and are selected based on four dimensions of their 
corporate citizenship and social impact programs: 
investment of resources, integration across business 
functions, institutionalization through policies and 
systems, and impact measurement.

71

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Awards (Continued)

DIVERSITY AND INCLUSION RECOGNITION

MILITARY EMPLOYER RECOGNITION

2023–2024 Equality 100 Award

Awarded by the Human Rights Campaign Foundation 

Schwab has received a 100 score on the Human Rights 
Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index every 
year since 2004, being recognized as one of the best 
places to work for LGBTQ+ equality and inclusion.

2023 Best Employers for Women

Awarded by Forbes

Schwab ranked 152 out of 400 employers based on  
a survey of 60,000 Americans—40,000 women and  
20,000 men—working for businesses with at least 1,000 
employees. All respondents were asked to rate their 
organizations on criteria such as working conditions, 
diversity, and how likely they would be to recommend 
their employer to others. Female respondents also  
rated their employers on factors such as parental  
leave, discrimination, and pay equity.

2023 Best Places to Work for Disability Inclusion

Awarded by Disability Equality Index

Schwab scored 100 on the 2023 Disability Equality 
Index, a joint initiative of Disability:IN and the American 
Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD), being 
recognized as one of the best places to work for 
disability inclusion.

2023 Best of the Best

Recognized since 2012 by U.S. Veterans Magazine

2023 Best Finance Companies for Women

Awarded by Fairygodboss

Schwab ranked as one of the top ten Best Companies for 
Women in the Finance category. Fairygodboss lists are 
determined by anonymous reviews left on Fairygodboss. 
Scores may range from 0–100. Fairygodboss averages 
female employees’ responses to three questions about 
their overall job satisfaction, perceived gender equality  
at work, and recommendations to other women about 
working at their employer.

72

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Awards (Continued)

NATIONAL WORKPLACE AWARDS

REGIONAL WORKPLACE AWARDS

2023 Forbes America’s Best Large Employers

Awarded by Forbes

Schwab ranks as a top place to work in many  
of the places we call home:

Schwab ranked 140 out of 600 employers based on  
a survey of 170,000 employees at U.S. companies  
with more than 5,000 workers. Survey respondents  
were asked to rate their employers, and if they would 
recommend their employer to others. Responses were 
given by current employees, employees who had  
worked for the company within the past two years, and 
individuals familiar with the company through friends, 
family, or peers in their industry. Greater weight was 
given to evaluations from current employees and  
former employees.

• Austin, Texas (2013–2023)

• California Bay Area (2013–2023)

• Central Florida (2019–2023)

• Central Indiana (2013–2023)

• Charlotte, North Carolina (2016–2023)

• Chicago, Illinois (2013–2023)

• Colorado (2013–2023)

• Dallas-Fort Worth, Texas (2017–2023)

• Michigan (2023)

• New Jersey (2023)

• Northeast Ohio (2013–2018, 2020–2023)

• San Antonio, Texas (2023)

• San Diego County, California (2022–2023)

• St. Louis, Missouri (2022–2023)

73

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

GRI Index

GRI CONTENT INDEX

The 2023 ESG Report references material with selected 
disclosures using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) 
Standards as a guide. The following table outlines the 
location of the information from selected standards. 
Other sources of information include our 2023 Annual 
Report on SEC Form 10-K, our 2024 Proxy Statement, 
our 2023 CDP Climate Change Response, and our 
corporate website.

GRI Code

Description

GENERAL DISCLOSURES

General Standard Disclosures 2022

Location or Reference

2-1

2-2

2-3

Organizational details (legal name, headquarters, ownership and legal 
form, and countries of operation)

The Charles Schwab Corporation 3000 Schwab Way
Westlake, Texas 76262
See also SEC Form 10-K, Items 1 and 2

Entities included in sustainability reporting

Reporting period, frequency, and contact point

All organizations included for financial reporting purposes;  
SEC Form 10-K, Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements

Reporting period: 2023
Frequency: Annual for future years
Contact point: PublicRelations@schwab.com

2-6-a; 2-6-b-i

Activities, value chain, and other business relationships

ESG Report, About Schwab, pages 5-9; SEC Form 10-K, Item 1

2-7-a and 2-7-e

Total number of employees, by gender and region

Governance structure and composition

ESG Report, About Schwab, page 9; Progress on Workforce Diversity, 
page 33; SEC Form 10-K, Item 1.

ESG Report, Our Governance Framework, page 47;  
2024 Proxy Statement, pages 5-14

2-9

2-10

2-11

2-12-a

2-13

2-14

2-15-a

2-19-a

Nomination and selection of the highest governance body

2024 Proxy Statement, page 31

Chair of the highest governance body

Role of highest governance body in overseeing the management  
of impacts

Delegation of responsibility for managing impacts

Role of the highest governing body in sustainability reporting

ESG Report, Our Governance Framework, page 47;  
2024 Proxy Statement, page 28

ESG Report, ESG Highlights, page 15; 2024 Proxy Statement, page 7; 
Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter available at 
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER (schwab.com)

ESG Report, Creating a Culture of Respect, page 25; Fostering a 
Culture of Diversity and Inclusion, page 29; Being Good Stewards  
of Our Environment; page 67

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter available at
COMPENSATION COMMITTEE CHARTER (schwab.com)

Conflicts of interest

Remuneration policies

2024 Proxy Statement, page 6, 73

2024 Proxy Statement, pages 31-35, 39-42

2-20-a-i and iii; 
2-20-b

Process to determine remuneration

2024 Proxy Statement, pages 31-35, 42-54

2-21-a; 2-21-c

Annual total compensation ratio

2024 Proxy Statement, page 55, 67-69

74

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

GRI Index (Continued)

GRI Code

Description

2-23-c through e

Policy commitments

2-24-a-i, ii, and iv

Embedding Policy Commitments

2-26

2-29

Mechanisms for seeking advice and raising concerns

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Location or Reference

ESG Report, Business Conduct and Ethics, page 51;  
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Risk Committee Charter; Code of Business Conduct and Ethics;  
ESG Report, Risk Management Framework, page 50

ESG Report, Business Conduct and Ethics, page 51;  
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

ESG Report, Our Approach to ESG, pages 10-11; ESG Investment 
Products and Services, page 19; Employee Engagement, page 26; 
Issuer Engagement and Proxy Voting at Schwab Asset Management,  
pages 21-22

MATERIAL TOPICS 2021

 3-1

 3-2-a

Process to determine material topics

ESG Report, Our ESG Assessment, pages 12-13

List of material topics

ESG Report, Our ESG Assessment, pages 12-13

201 Economic Presence 2016

201-1

201-3

Direct economic value generated and distributed

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

203 Indirect Economic Impacts 2016

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

205 Anti-Corruption 2016

ESG Report, Community, pages 55-58 and Giving Back, pages 59-65; 
SEC Form 10-K, Items 7 and 8

ESG Report, 401(k), page 44; SEC Form 10-K, Note 21 to Consolidated 
Financial Statements

ESG Report, Creating Impact, page 58, and Foster Strong Communities, 
pages 64-65

205-2

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies  
and procedures

ESG Report, Business Conduct and Ethics, page 51, and Regulatory 
and Compliance Training, page 52

206 Anti-Competitive Behavior 2016

206-1

Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust,  
and monopoly practices

None

75

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

GRI Index (Continued)

GRI Code

Description

Location or Reference

ENVIRONMENTAL

302 Energy 2016

 302-1

 302-4

305 Emissions 2016

305-1

305-2

305-3

305-4

305-5

306 Waste 2020

Energy consumption within the organization

2023 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire (C8)

Reduction of energy consumption

ESG Report, Carbon and Energy Reduction, page 68

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

2023 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire (C5, C6)

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

2023 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire (C5, C6)

GHG emissions intensity

2023 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire (C6.10)

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

2023 CDP Climate Change Questionnaire (C5, C6.5)

Reduction of GHG emissions

ESG Report, Carbon and Energy Reduction, page 68; 2023 CDP 
Climate Change Questionnaire (C4)

306-4

Waste diverted from disposal

ESG Report, Responsible Sourcing and Waste Reduction, page 69

76

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

GRI Index (Continued)

GRI Code

Description

Location or Reference

WORKFORCE & SOCIAL

401 Employment 2016

401-3-a

Parental leave

404 Training and Education 2016

ESG Report, Supporting Our Colleagues’ Personal Health and  
Financial Well-Being, page 43

404-2

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition  
assistance programs

ESG Report, Supporting Our Colleagues’ Professional Growth and 
Development, page 39

405 Diversity and Equal Opportunity 2016

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees

413 Local Communities 2016

ESG Report, Progress on Workforce Diversity, page 33;  
2024 Proxy Statement, page 13

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact assessments, 
and development programs

ESG Report, Investing in Our Communities, page 56-58

415 Public Policy 2016

415-1

Political contributions

ESG Report, Political Contributions, page 53

77

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

SASB Index

We provide disclosures informed by two SASB 
(Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) industry 
categories within the Financial Sector that represent  
the dominant mix of our business: Asset Management  
& Custody Activities (FN-AC) and Commercial Banks 
(FN-CB).* Similar to our approach for GRI, while we have 
provided selected information, we did not disclose all 
information and metrics. We will continue to evaluate 
disclosure in the future.

Our disclosures are intended to enable investors and 
other stakeholders to have consolidated and holistic 
access to information that Schwab considers relevant  
to our business. Other sources of information include  
our 2023 Annual Report on SEC Form 10-K and our 
corporate website.

Code

Accounting Metric or Topic

Location, Response, or Comment

Transparent Information & Fair Advise for Customers

FN-AC-270a.3

Description of approach to informing customers about products  
and services

ESG Report, Personalized Investing for the Main Street Investor,  
page 18

Employee Diversity & Inclusion

FN-AC-330a.1

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic group representation for  
(1) executive management, (2) non-executive management,  
(3) professionals, and (4) all other employees

ESG Report, Progress on Workforce Diversity, page 33; EEO-1 Report

Incorporation of Environmental, Social, and Governance Factors in Investment Management & Advisory

FN-AC-410a.1

FN-AC-410a.2

Amount of assets under management, by asset class, that employ  
(1) integration of environmental, social, and governance (ESG) issues, 
(2) sustainability themed investing, and (3) screening

Description of approach to incorporation of environmental, social,  
and governance (ESG) factors in investment and/or wealth 
management processes and strategies

ESG Report, ESG Investment Products and Services, pages 19-21

ESG Report, ESG Investment Products and Services, pages 19-21

FN-AC-410a.3

Description of proxy voting and investee engagement policies  
and procedures

ESG Report, Issuer Engagement and Proxy Voting at Schwab  
Asset Management, pages 21-22

Business Ethics

FN-AC-510a.1

FN-AC-510a.2; 
FN-CB-510a.2

Data Security

FN-CB-230a.2

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with fraud, insider trading, anti-trust, anti-competitive 
behavior, market manipulation, malpractice, or other related financial 
industry laws or regulations

Description of whistleblower policies and procedures

SEC Form 10-K, Note 15 to Consolidated Financial Statements

ESG Report, Business Conduct and Ethics, page 51;  
Code of Business Conduct and Ethics

Description of approach to identifying and addressing data  
security risks

ESG Report, Protecting Client Assets, pages 22-23

*Because Schwab’s banking activities include minimal commercial and industrial lending, the standards under these frameworks related 
to ESG factors in extending commercial credit are not applicable to our business.

78

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Important disclosures

The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of brokerage, 
banking and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries. 
Its broker-dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab & Co. Inc. (Member SIPC), 
and its affiliates offer investment services and products. Its banking 
subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal 
Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products.

The Pledged Asset Line is an uncommitted demand line of credit provided 
by either Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, or Charles Schwab Premier Bank, 
SSB. Entering into a Pledged Asset Line and pledging securities as 
collateral involves a high degree of risk. As a non-purpose line of credit, 
proceeds may not be used to purchase securities, pay down margin loans, 
or be deposited into any brokerage account. See schwab.com/PAL for more 
details. Before you decide to apply for a Pledged Asset Line, make sure you 
understand the risks. A Pledged Asset Line requires a brokerage account  
at Charles Schwab & Co., Inc.

Portfolio Management for Schwab Wealth Advisory™ provided by Schwab 
Wealth Advisory, Inc., a Registered Investment Adviser and affiliate of 
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. Please read the Schwab Wealth Advisory 
Disclosure Brochures for information and disclosures about this program 
(schwab.com/resource/schwab-wealth-advisory-disclosure-brochure).  
The Wealth Advisor, Associate Wealth Advisor, and other representatives 
making investment recommendations in your Schwab Wealth Advisory 
accounts are employees of Schwab Wealth Advisory, Inc.

Mutual fund and ETF investors should consider carefully information 
contained in the prospectus, or if available, the summary prospectus, 
including investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses. You can 
obtain a prospectus by visiting schwabassetmanagement.com/prospectus. 
Please read it carefully before investing.

Investment returns will fluctuate and are subject to market volatility, so  
that an investor’s shares, when redeemed or sold, may be worth more or 
less than their original cost. Unlike mutual funds, shares of ETFs are not 
individually redeemable directly with the ETF. Shares of ETFs are bought 
and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than the net  
asset value (NAV).

Schwab Asset Management® is the dba name for Charles Schwab 
Investment Management, Inc., the investment adviser for Schwab Funds, 
Schwab ETFs, and separately managed account strategies. Schwab  
Funds are distributed by Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (Schwab) Member 
SIPC. Schwab ETFs are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. 
(SIDCO). Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate but 
affiliated companies and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab  
Corporation and are not affiliated with SIDCO.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies implemented by 
mutual funds, exchange- traded funds (ETFs), and separately managed 
accounts are currently subject to inconsistent industry definitions and 

standards for the measurement and evaluation of ESG factors; therefore, 
such factors may differ significantly across strategies. As a result, it may be 
difficult to compare ESG investment products. Further, some issuers may 
present their investment products as employing an ESG strategy but may 
overstate or inconsistently apply ESG factors. An investment product’s 
ESG strategy may significantly influence its performance. Environmental 
(“E”) factors can include climate change, pollution, waste, and how an 
issuer protects and/or conserves natural resources. Social (“S”) factors 
can include how an issuer manages its relationships with individuals, such 
as its employees, shareholders, and customers as well as its community. 
Governance (“G”) factors can include how an issuer operates, such as its 
leadership composition, pay and incentive structures, internal controls,  
and the rights of equity and debt holders. Carefully review an investment 
product’s prospectus or disclosure brochure to learn more about how it 
incorporates ESG factors into its investment strategy.

Because environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies exclude 
some securities, ESG-focused products may not be able to take advantage 
of the same opportunities or market trends as products that do not use 
such strategies. Additionally, the criteria used to select companies for 
investment may result in investing in securities, industries or sectors that 
underperform the market as a whole.

The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is an active semi-transparent (also known as a 
non-transparent ETF). Investing in the fund may involve certain risks, as 
discussed in the fund’s prospectus, including, but not limited to, those 
described below. Any of these risks could cause an investor to lose money.

Active semi-transparent ETFs operate differently from other exchange-
traded funds (ETFs). Unlike other ETFs, an active semi-transparent ETF  
does not publicly disclose its entire portfolio composition each business  
day, which may affect the price at which shares of the ETF trade in the 
secondary market. Active semi-transparent ETFs have limited public trading 
history. There can be no assurance that an active trading market will develop, 
be maintained, or operate as intended. There is a risk that the market price 
of an active semi-transparent ETF may vary significantly from the ETF’s net 
asset value and that its shares may trade at a wider bid/ask spread and, 
therefore, cost investors more to trade than shares of other ETFs. These 
risks are heightened during periods of market disruption or volatility.

Proxy Portfolio Risk: Unlike traditional ETFs, this fund does not disclose  
its portfolio holdings (Actual Portfolio) daily. The fund instead posts a  
Proxy Portfolio on its website each day. The Proxy Portfolio is designed to 
reflect the economic exposures and risk characteristics of the fund’s actual 
holdings on each trading day, but it is not the same as the fund’s Actual 
Portfolio. Although the Proxy Portfolio is intended to provide investors with 
enough information to allow for an effective arbitrage mechanism that will 
keep the market price of the Fund at or close to the underlying NAV per 
Share of the Fund, there is a risk (which may increase during periods of 
market disruption or volatility) that market prices will vary significantly  

from the underlying NAV of the fund. ETF trading on the basis of a published 
Proxy Portfolio may trade at a wider bid/ask spread than ETFs that publish 
their portfolios on a daily basis, especially during periods of market 
disruption or volatility, and therefore may cost investors more to trade. 
Also, while the Fund seeks to benefit from keeping its portfolio information 
secret, market participants may attempt to use the Proxy Portfolio to 
identify a Fund’s trading strategy, which if successful, could result in such 
market participants engaging in certain predatory trading practices that 
may have the potential to harm the Fund and its shareholders.

Proxy Portfolio Construction: The Proxy Portfolio is designed to recreate 
the daily performance of the Actual Portfolio. This is achieved by 
performing a “Factor Model” analysis of the Actual Portfolio. The Factor 
Model is comprised of three sets of factors or analytical metrics: market- 
based factors, fundamental factors, and industry/sector factors. The fund 
uses a “Model Universe” to generate its Proxy Portfolio. The Model 
Universe is comprised of securities that the fund can purchase and will  
be a financial index or stated portfolio of securities from which fund 
investments will be selected. The results of the Factor Model analysis are 
then applied to the Model Universe. The Proxy Portfolio is then generated 
as a result of this Model Universe analysis with the Proxy Portfolio being  
a small subset of the Model Universe. The Factor Model is applied to  
both the Actual Portfolio and the Model Universe to construct the fund’s 
Proxy Portfolio that performs in a manner substantially identical to the 
performance of its Actual Portfolio. The Proxy Portfolio will only include 
investments the fund is permitted to hold. The fund’s SAI contains more 
information on the Proxy Portfolio and its construction. Proxy Portfolio and 
Proxy Overlap Information regarding the contents of the Proxy Portfolio, 
and the percentage weight overlap between the holdings of the Proxy 
Portfolio and a Fund’s Actual Portfolio holdings that formed the basis for  
its calculation of NAV at the end of the prior Business Day (the Portfolio 
Overlap), is available by visiting the fund’s website.

Value investing attempts to identify undervalued companies with 
characteristics for improved valuations. Securities that exhibit value 
characteristics tend to perform differently and shift in and out of favor  
with investors depending on changes in market and economic conditions.  
As a result, the fund’s performance may at times fall behind the performance 
of other funds that invest more broadly or in securities that exhibit  
different characteristics.

Mid-cap companies may be more vulnerable to adverse business or 
economic events than larger, more established companies and the value  
of securities issued by these companies may move sharply.

Securities issued by small-cap companies may be riskier than those issued 
by larger companies, and their prices may move sharply, especially during 
market upturns and downturns.

79

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESCONTENTS

INTRODUCTION

INVESTING AND STEWARDSHIP

OUR CULTURE

OUR PEOPLE

GOVERNANCE AND LE ADERSHIP

COMMUNIT Y

GIVING BACK

ENVIRONMENT

APPENDICES

Important disclosures (Continued)

Holdings may include collateral held by the fund for securities on loan.  
In addition, certain securities may be designated as collateral for 
transactions such as open futures contracts or delayed-delivery securities.

Any fund holdings shown should not be considered a recommendation  
of any security by the investment adviser and is subject to change.

NAV (Net Asset Value) is a per share valuation of the securities in an ETF 
officially calculated once per day. NAV price performance is primarily used 
to evaluate the fund and its managers and may not reflect the actual return 
for the investor.

Market Price is the price at which investors buy and sell ETF shares in the 
stock market. Investing in emerging markets may accentuate these risks. 
ETF Market Price determines investor returns. An ETF’s Market Price may 
be higher or lower than the NAV at any given point in time. Market returns 
are based upon the Official Closing Price of the primary listing exchange 
(generally, 4:00 p.m. Eastern time) and may not represent the returns you 
would receive if shares were traded at other times.

Please refer to the Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. 
Disclosure Brochure for additional information.

Schwab Personalized Indexing is available through Schwab’s Managed 
Account Connection® program (“Connection”).

Please read Schwab’s Disclosure Brochure for important information and 
disclosures relating to Connection and Schwab Managed Account Services.

Before executing any tax strategies mentioned, ensure you understand  
the technicalities and certain risks including unintended tax implications. 
Investors should consult with their tax advisors and refer to Internal 
Revenue Service (“IRS”) website at irs.gov about the potential tax 
consequences. Tax laws are subject to change, either prospectively or 
retroactively. Individuals should contact their own professional tax and 
investment advisors or other professionals to help answer questions about 
specific situations or needs prior to taking any action based upon this 
information. Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. does not 
represent that any particular tax consequences will be obtained. This 
information does not constitute and is not intended to be a substitute  
for specific individualized tax, legal, or investment planning advice.  
Where specific advice is necessary or appropriate, Schwab recommends 
consultation with a qualified tax advisor, CPA, financial planner, or 
investment manager.

Diversification and asset allocation strategies do not ensure a profit and 
cannot protect against losses in a declining market.

There are risks associated with any investment approach, and each Schwab 
Personalized Indexing strategy and equity market segment has its own set  
of risks based on client strategy selection and further customization.

Strategies that use screening to exclude certain investments may not  
be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends  
as strategies that do not use screens. There can be no assurance that the 
strategies will achieve their desired outcomes. Each investing strategy 
brings with it its own set of unique risks and benefits.

There are risks associated with any investment approach, and the Wasmer 
Schroeder Strategies have their own set of risks. The Wasmer Schroeder 
Strategies are invested primarily in fixed income instruments and as such 
the strategies are subject to various risks including but not limited to 
interest rate risk, reinvestment risk, credit risk, default risk and event risk. 
Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during 
periods of rising interest rates. Fixed income investments are subject to 
various other risks including changes in credit quality, market valuations, 
liquidity, prepayments, early redemption, corporate events, tax 
ramifications and other factors.

Positive-impact strategies may not take advantage of the same 
opportunities or market trends as products that do not employ this 
strategy, because they exclude certain securities. The criteria used may 
result in investing in securities, industries, or sectors that underperform  
the market.

Portfolio Management for the Wasmer Schroeder Strategies is provided  
by Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., dba Schwab Asset 
Management a registered investment adviser and an affiliate of Charles 
Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”). Both Schwab Asset Management and 
Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab 
Corporation.

Wasmer Schroeder Strategies are available through Schwab’s Managed 
Account Connection® program (“Connection”). Please read Schwab’s 
disclosure brochure for important information and disclosures relating  
to Connection and Schwab’s Managed Account Services®.

Investment research for thematic stock lists is provided by Schwab Asset 
Management, the dba name for Charles Schwab Investment Management, 
Inc. Schwab Asset Management is an affiliate of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. 
(Schwab). Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate 
entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Thematic stock lists are not intended to be investment advice or a 
recommendation of any stock. Investing in stocks can be volatile and 
involves risk, including loss of principal. Consider your individual 
circumstances prior to investing.

Investment Research for Schwab Investing Themes™ is provided by  
Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. (“CSIM”). CSIM is an 
affiliate of Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”). Both CSIM and Schwab 
are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Schwab Investing Themes is for informational purposes only; it is not 
intended to be investment advice (including fiduciary advice as defined 
under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or the Internal 
Revenue Code) or a recommendation of any stock. 

Portfolio Management for the Schwab Managed Portfolios™ is provided  
by Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., dba Schwab Asset 
Management, a registered investment adviser and an affiliate of Charles 
Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”). Both Schwab Asset Management and 
Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab 
Corporation.

Please refer to the Schwab Managed Portfolios Disclosure Brochure  
for additional information.

The Managed Account Select program is sponsored by Schwab. Please 
read the Schwab Managed Account Services™ Disclosure Brochure  
for important information and disclosures. In addition, please read the 
participating money manager’s (MM’s) disclosure brochure, including  
any supplements for important information and disclosures. Investments  
in managed accounts should be considered in view of a larger, more 
diversified investment portfolio. Investment advisors are not owned by, 
affiliated with, or supervised by Schwab. Services may vary depending  
on which MM you choose, and are subject to an MM’s acceptance  
of the account.

Schwab Center for Financial Research (“SCFR”), a division of  
Charles Schwab & Co., Inc. (“Schwab”), evaluates money managers  
(MMs) in Schwab’s Managed Account Select (Select) program. The  
Select program is sponsored by Schwab. Schwab does not provide  
advice or recommendations regarding managed account strategies  
or MMs to investment advisors or their clients.

Please read Schwab’s Disclosure Brochure for important information  
and disclosures relating to Schwab Managed Accounts Services.

80

2023 ESG Report — The Charles Schwab CorporationAPPENDICESThe Charles Schwab Corporation 
3000 Schwab Way, Westlake, TX 76262 
(817) 859-5000 
Schwab.com | AboutSchwab.com

©2024 The Charles Schwab Corporation. All rights reserved.
(0424-R4KG)

The Charles Schwab Corporation is pleased to present our third annual Environmental, Social, and Governance (ESG) Report.

As in previous years, this report summarizes how we manage our company responsibly and sustainably for the long term benefit of our stakeholders.

At a time when we are seeing a shift in public discourse around ESG, Schwab’s approach to ESG remains straightforward and consistent rooted in the vision and values on which Chuck Schwab founded our company over 50 years ago.

Operating our company responsibly is core to our long term strategy of seeing Through Clients’ Eyes, which means treating those we serve our clients, our employees, and the communities where we live and work in the manner we expect to be treated ourselves.

As we discussed in our latest annual report to stockholders, 2023 was a difficult year for our stockholders.

It was a year in which our strategy of staying focused on clients and the firm’s long term goals through economic ups and downs became more important than ever.

This strategy reflects our commitment to operating a business that is resilient and sustainable for the long term benefit of our stakeholders.

Our ESG initiatives are a key part of operating a sustainable business.

Rather, we believe our ESG efforts, which span across the enterprise and into our communities, are essential to the longevity of our firm.

Our purpose as a company is to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.

When we commit to serving every client, that means respecting the differing views that exist across our client base of 35 million accounts and empowering clients to create investment strategies that align with what they value most.

For our people, it means giving them the resources to grow their careers at Schwab and feel a sense of purpose and belonging every day.

For our operations, it means being mindful of our environmental footprint and taking actions that make sense for our business and the planet.

And for our communities, it means using our philanthropic resources to advance financial literacy and support civic needs that align with our values.

Our ESG Report describes some of the actions we are taking to deliver on our purpose by investing in the sustainability of our business.

We will always have room to improve, and we believe our commitment to seeing the world Through Clients’ Eyes will drive us forward in ways that provide lasting benefits to our clients, employees, stockholders, and society.

Since our founding, Schwab has served Main Street investors by giving them a broad array of tools, resources, and investment advice that our clients can tailor to secure their financial futures.

Over time, our business has grown to serve a broader client base, and we have expanded our offerings to meet the diverse and evolving needs of all clients.

Throughout our history, it’s been our unwavering vision to be the most trusted leader in investment services, and our purpose remains clear to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.

For over 50 years, we’ve been challenging the status quo, looking for ways to offer our clients more value and a better experience.

We are confident our approach can help people at all levels of income and every stage of life secure their financial futures.

We emphasize and support investor choice by giving our clients tools and resources that enable them to gain knowledge and align their investment strategy with their personal needs, values, and perspectives.

As a pioneer in discount brokerage services, we have continuously sought to democratize investing.

Guided by our core values, Schwab has grown into a leading investment services firm, a custodian for independent advisors, and a leader in asset management, digital banking, and retirement planning.

Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy places clients at the forefront and drives us to create products, services, platforms, and robust digital capabilities that shape our industry and help clients meet their financial goals.

This report provides descriptive and quantitative information about Schwab’s ESG approach through December 31, 2023.

The terms Schwab, the company, we, us, and our refer to The Charles Schwab Corporation together with its consolidated subsidiaries, unless otherwise indicated or implied.

We offer a broad range of products and services through intuitive end to end solutions to address our clients’ varying investment and financial needs.

Schwab provides financial services to individuals and the independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) who serve them through two segments Investor Services and Advisor Services.

The Investor Services segment provides retail brokerage, investment advisory, and banking and trust services to individual investors.

This segment also includes Workplace Financial Services, which is comprised of Stock Plan Services, Retirement Plan Services, and Designated Brokerage Services.

Mutual Fund Clearing Services and Off Platform Sales are part of this segment as well.

The Advisor Services segment provides custodial, trading, banking and trust, and support services, as well as retirement business services to independent RIAs, independent retirement advisors, and recordkeepers.

We completed our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, Inc. (TD Ameritrade) on October 6, 2020.

In 2023, we transitioned most TD Ameritrade clients and advisors to the Schwab platform, and we continued our commitment to a smooth integration of the two organizations by not only combining our systems but also harmonizing our cultures.

Our cultures have a foundation in our shared values and the Golden Rule of treating others as you would like to be treated.

Individual investors have access to a broad set of products, tools, educational content, trading, and advisory solutions.

We offer award winning, 24 7 service to all our clients, regardless of asset levels.

Most clients choose to interact with us via phone or a digital channel, but our omnichannel approach also provides access to in person support nationwide at one of Schwab’s more than 380 branch offices.

We offer our clients advice and guidance through a broad set of relationship models that help personalize the investing journey.

Financial Consultants, Active Trader Financial Consultants, and Wealth Consultants in our branches and regional centers focus on building dedicated client relationships.

We also have a range of professionals available to support clients with a broad set of specialized needs, including financial planning, managed investing, estate management, and equity compensation.

Our banking and trust services support our clients’ banking needs, including certain lending services.

We offer equity compensation plan sponsors full service record keeping for stock plans, stock options, restricted stock, performance shares, stock appreciation rights, and a full range of participant support services through our Stock Plan Services business unit.

Retirement Plan Services offers a bundled 401(k) retirement plan product that provides retirement plan sponsors with extensive investment options, trustee and custodial services, and participant level recordkeeping.

We also offer retirement plan design features, which increase plan efficiency and achieve employer goals, such as automatic enrollment, automatic fund mapping at conversion, and automatic contribution increases.

In addition to an open architecture investment platform, we offer access to low cost index mutual funds and ETFs.

Individuals investing for retirement through 401(k) plans can take advantage of multiple investment choices, education, and third party advice.

Charles Schwab received the highest score in the J.D.

Power 2023 U.S. Full Service Investor Satisfaction StudySM, which measures investor satisfaction with full service investment firms.

Power 2023 U.S. Full Service Investor Satisfaction StudySM is independently conducted, and the participating firms do not pay to participate.

Use of study results in promotional materials is subject to a license fee.

The IBD Most Trusted Bank award was given to Charles Schwab Bank on September 25, 2023, and expires December 31, 2024.

The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business Daily.

Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for the use of the award and logos.

We are grateful for the recognition we have received for earning our clients’ trust.

We provide custodial, trading, banking, and support services to RIAs and their clients, along with retirement business services to independent retirement advisors and recordkeepers.

In addition to focusing on superior service, we use technology to provide RIAs with a highly developed, scalable platform for administering their clients’ assets easily and efficiently.

RIAs are not employees of Schwab and maintain an independent relationship.

We offer a variety of services to help RIAs grow and manage their practices including business, technology, and operations consulting on a range of topics critical to an RIA’s success as well as an annual RIA Benchmarking Study to help firms understand key business metrics relative to their peers.

We also offer an array of services to help advisors establish their own independent practices through a robust prospect consulting offer and access to business startup and transition consultants, technology engineers, and dedicated service teams.

Schwab provides extensive educational materials, programs, and events to RIAs seeking to expand their knowledge of industry issues and trends as well as sharpen their individual expertise and practice management skills.

We conduct industry research and sponsor events that address topics of interest to RIAs, including business strategies and best practices.

For more information on our two operating segments, please see our Annual Report on Form 10 K filed with the SEC and Schwab’s Our Company.

You can learn more about our asset management and banking solutions by visiting the respective Schwab Asset Management and Schwab Bank websites.

Total client assets and brokerage accounts based on combined data for Schwab and TD Ameritrade, Inc. as of February 29, 2024.

Beginning in the fourth quarter 2023, Retirement Plan Participants was expanded to include accounts in Stock Plan Services, Designated Brokerage Services, and Retirement Business Services.

Participants may be enrolled in services in more than one Workplace business.

Prior periods have been recast to reflect this change.

Our commitment to creating long term value and our belief in investing for the future drive our approach to ESG, just as they drive our day to day work.

Our brokerage offerings focus on meeting the needs of all clients, including those who choose various ESG investing approaches.

We offer tools and products designed to help clients build knowledge and make informed choices about their personal investing strategies.

Clients that choose to consider ESG principles in their investment strategies can incorporate approaches that range from impact to thematic to risk mitigation and value driven products.

Schwab Asset Management, our asset management business, offers several ESG investment opportunities in both equity and fixed income, including an ESG exchange traded fund, as well as positive impact and ESG focused separately managed accounts.

In addition, in accordance with its proxy voting policy, Schwab Asset Management uses its proxy votes to encourage transparency, corporate governance structures, and the management of ESG issues that it believes protect and promote shareholder value.

Our core values of trust, innovation, teamwork, and stewardship guide our interactions with our stakeholders and the communities we serve.

Our values embody how we execute our vision to be the most trusted leader in investment services.

Our values, purpose, vision, and Through Clients’ Eyes strategy anchor our approach to ESG.

Because of the diversified nature of our business, we consider ESG from both a corporate perspective and an asset management perspective.

We recognize that Schwab and Schwab Asset Management have different stakeholders and approach ESG in different but complementary ways that align with our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

For The Charles Schwab Corporation, we consider specific risks and opportunities associated with environmental, social, and governance issues most relevant to our business and our stakeholders, and we strive for continuous improvement in areas that support our strategy.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Schwab’s Board of Directors has primary oversight of our ESG programs and priorities and reports to the full board.

Our ESG Policy and Reporting Office, led by a managing director, is dedicated to assessing, reporting, advancing, and integrating ESG considerations on a cross functional basis in alignment with our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

Our approach to ESG begins with our stakeholders, many of whom consider ESG issues important.

In the conduct of our business, we regularly engage with key stakeholders to understand and meet their expectations.

Their perspectives inform how we, in turn, consider and prioritize ESG factors.

Retail investors Maintaining continuous engagement with our clients, including through the use of surveys relating to trust, reputation, and service levels, is core to our business.

Independent advisors We maintain open lines of communication with the independent RIAs we serve, and we regularly convene an advisory council of RIAs to provide direct feedback on issues that are important to their business.

Employees We keep employees apprised of the company’s strategy and performance through regular town halls and quarterly updates.

We stay connected in a number of ways, including employee engagement surveys, Employee Resource Groups, advisory groups consisting of Financial Consultants and Branch Managers, and our broad based employee advisory council.

Our Ask Walt and Ask the Executive Council channels allow employees to submit questions directly to company leaders.

Stockholders Through our Investor Relations team, we regularly engage with our stockholders on matters of concern to them, including climate, governance, and diversity.

In 2023, we met with stockholders representing more than 50% of our outstanding shares.

Government For legislative and regulatory activity related to our business, we engage with policy leaders on both sides of the aisle and propose policy alternatives that we believe protect and champion the interests of individual investors and the RIAs who serve them.

Ratings providers We participate in the ESG ratings process, including through dialogue and responses to questionnaires.

Examples of ratings providers with a focus on ESG issues with whom we engage include Morningstar , MSCI , Sustainalytics, proxy advisory firms ISS and Glass, Lewis Co., LLC , and specialized reporting on climate through CDP.

Community Through Charles Schwab Foundation and Charles Schwab Banking Trust Services, we engage with the communities where we live and work through education, volunteerism, financial support, and mentorship.

Our culture of service includes empowering our employees to connect with and help address local community needs.

Our stakeholders express a variety of views on a range of ESG factors.

As with other strategic priorities, we believe that each organization must assess the ESG factors that are most relevant to its stakeholders and core to creating a sustainable and resilient business.

We developed a list of indicators specific to Schwab across environmental, social, and governance factors.

These indicators are informed by GRI (Global Reporting Initiative) standards relevant to our business and the Financial Sector SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) standards for Asset Management Custody Activities and Commercial Banks (as applicable) published by the ISSB (International Sustainability Standards Board).

We reviewed these indicators with a number of internal and external stakeholders to assess their importance.

As the ESG reporting space matures and ESG factors relevant to our industry become more standardized, we expect our Schwab specific indicators, their definitions, and parameters (described in the following tables) to evolve as well.

To identify the most relevant ESG indicators to our business and stakeholders and the relative importance of such indicators, we conducted a firm wide ESG assessment in 2021.

In 2022, we expanded the ESG assessment by including discussions with key client advisory groups within our Advisor Services and Workplace Financial Services businesses.

Conversations with internal and external stakeholders have provided valuable perspectives on ESG and its interconnectedness with our clients’ values and the interest clients may have in ESG strategies.

To assess the importance of the relevant ESG issues in our businesses, we hosted numerous focus groups to conduct the ESG assessment and prioritize Schwab’s ESG indicators.

Each focus group was asked to prioritize the importance of these indicators for Schwab to fulfill our vision as the most trusted leader in investment services within the next five years as well as the importance of these indicators to them.

We also engaged in deeper one on one conversations, including with institutional owners of Schwab stock, senior management, investor relations, legislative affairs, corporate strategy, financial consultants, independent branch leaders, relationship managers for RIAs and corporate clients, the human resources team, business heads, and our corporate real estate team.

In many ways, the ESG assessment reinforced our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy and focus.

Our business is based on earning the trust of all our critical stakeholders.

We build trust among these stakeholders, in part, by managing our business with integrity and in ways that foster a sustainable and resilient business.

On this page, we summarize some of our ESG programs and priorities, which we describe in more detail throughout this report.

Governance and Leadership The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Schwab’s Board of Directors has primary oversight of our ESG programs and priorities and reports to the full board.

ESG Investing We champion every client’s goals through offerings and services built to support investor choice.

Schwab Personalized Indexing allows clients to customize investments to reflect their particular goals and values.

Schwab Investing Themes allows clients to invest in thematic lists of stocks aligned with their interests and values, including ESG related themes such as renewable energy, electric vehicles, workforce diversity leaders, and water sustainability.

Environment Schwab takes a project based approach to reducing our environmental impact, studying the conditions at each location and pursuing opportunities for improvement as they arise.

A Culture of Respect and Belonging Our four pillar D I strategy workforce, workplace, marketplace, and community supports our culture of belonging and helps drive meaningful impact.

Scholarship and university grant programs support diversity and inclusion in the financial services industry, and our Fair Responsible Banking group helps ensure that all clients and communities where our clients reside are treated fairly.

Our People Schwab’s human centric employee value proposition considers the intrinsic needs of our employees to establish connections, share a sense of purpose, enable personal growth, and nurture well being.

Career development programs spanning our entire workforce and employee lifecycle give employees choice in how to achieve their personal and professional aspirations.

Community Through our Community Development Group, we aim to serve the needs, including the credit needs, of low and moderate income neighborhoods where we do business.

Our skills based approach to volunteerism through the Community Development Group allows us to maximize our impact by sharing our employees’ expertise with the community based organizations that we support.

Giving Back Our giving mission is to empower people through financial education and foster strong communities.

Support for financial literacy through key partnerships and our flagship Moneywise America program helps young people become more financially confident and secure.

Our purpose as a company is to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.

This purpose drives us to help our clients take ownership of their financial futures.

To do this, we offer investors a contemporary, full service approach to building and managing their investments.

We provide investment related products, services, and sophisticated financial planning that combine the best of what people and technology have to offer.

Investor choice is the cornerstone of helping our clients own their tomorrow.

Our goal is to provide the tools, products, and services that clients want and the support they need to pursue their individual portfolio strategies.

For investors who want to consider environmental and social issues in building their portfolios, we provide ESG investing options that align with their goals.

We describe some of these ESG offerings beginning on page 19.

Our commitment to providing a personalized approach to investing is evident in our varied product offerings and service models.

Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy drives us to embrace the diversity of our client base and the different ways that clients manage their portfolios, including ESG investing.

Our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy also drives our approach to proxy voting.

As a leading asset manager, Schwab Asset Management has a responsibility to use its proxy votes to maximize shareholder returns and encourage transparency, corporate governance structures, and management of relevant issues that it believes will protect and promote shareholder value.

We describe Schwab Asset Management’s approach to proxy voting and stewardship on page 21.

As a broker, empowering the individual investor with a spectrum of investment products and services.

As an advisor, guiding clients to meet their investment goals.

As a manager of separately managed accounts and proprietary investment funds.

As a fiduciary, engaging with issuers and exercising our proxy voting responsibilities.

As an administrator of employers’ retirement and equity compensation plans.

As a bank, deepening client relationships and providing an excellent experience for every investor we serve.

From the beginning, we set out to empower the individual investor.

Implicit in empowering our clients is helping them develop a sustainable investing approach that enables them to adapt to the market and their needs through life’s changes.

We believe a strong relationship is based on transparency and trust, and our website includes extensive explanations and details about how we are compensated for each product or service, along with the associated risks, potential conflicts of interest, and other considerations.

The retail investor remains our primary client base, even as we have grown to serve institutional clients, independent advisors, and employers through our Workplace Financial Services business.

Staying true to our roots, we offer a variety of products, services, and solutions for clients.

Many of these investment products include options dedicated to ESG considerations for our clients who want the choice of having these products in their portfolios.

Self directed brokerage At Schwab.com, any individual in the U.S. can open a brokerage account with any dollar amount.

Through our scale and offerings, individual investors who want to control all aspects of their investment strategy can access the whole suite of investment products and services.

These run the gamut of our Schwab proprietary options such as Schwab Funds and Schwab Stock Slices and include stocks, fixed income alternatives, and third party mutual funds and ETFs.

Managed Account Select Clients have access to a range of investment strategies with direct ownership, control, and transparency of underlying securities.

The account is managed on a client’s behalf by a third party professional asset management firm of the client’s choice that has been vetted by Schwab Center for Financial Research, a division of Charles Schwab Co., Inc., based on rigorous, research based quality standards.

Schwab Managed Portfolios portfolio solutions Schwab Asset Management creates a number of distinct proprietary Schwab mutual funds and ETFs managed by our portfolio asset managers.

Schwab Managed Portfolios is an advice solution that uses Schwab Funds and ETFs and third party mutual funds and ETFs to create a variety of model portfolios with different investment strategies intended to match a variety of risk tolerances and objectives.

Schwab Wealth Advisory Clients work with a dedicated Wealth Advisor, supported by a team of investment professionals who provide individualized service, a customized investment strategy, and ongoing guidance and execution.

See more investment advice options on our Advice page.

We recognize that many individual and institutional clients are looking for ways to manage portfolio risk by considering ESG factors, make an impact on the world through sustainability themed products that align with their values, or both.

ESG investing is often used interchangeably with a variety of other terms, such as socially responsible investing, values based investing, impact investing, or sustainable investing.

Traditional investment vehicles (either active or passive) that are applying ESG factors to manage risk, build resiliency, and create opportunities for the long term.

Impact investing, which refers to deploying investment dollars in an effort to directly achieve some outcome that addresses an environmental or social need.

Values based investing, which can include screens to exclude certain sectors, such as tobacco, firearms, or fossil fuel companies.

Schwab’s approach to ESG investing aligns with our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy, which is grounded in empowering clients to personalize their investment choices.

A major focus is providing our Financial Consultants and clients with resources that can help them navigate the rapidly evolving ESG landscape.

Our educational resources and product offerings for clients are intentionally broad.

ESG investing presents risks for some and opportunities for others.

We recognize the changing preferences and demographics of our clients and a desire among many younger clients, in particular, to align their investments with their values.

Through surveys, Schwab connects with investors across the income and age spectrum to gain an understanding of their familiarity with, interest in, concerns about, and needs relating to ESG investing, among other topics.

Although ESG investing is not important to all our clients, these engagements provide insights that we are using to create educational resources for those clients who want to make informed ESG investment choices.

For our clients who are considering ESG investing and those who have already included ESG investing as part of their investment strategy, we provide a wide range of products and resources that can help them advance their ESG investing goals.

Currently, Schwab offers clients access to nearly 600 third party ESG options, including mutual funds and ETFs.

The options available include funds and ETFs identified by Morningstar as Sustainable Investment Overall, which is defined as a fund explicitly indicating any kind of sustainability, impact, or ESG strategy in its prospectus or offering documents.

This definition aligns with Schwab’s view of ESG investing.

In March 2022, we launched thematic stock lists, a new resource designed to help socially minded investors pick stocks aligned with ideas and trends they believe in.

For each theme, we use proprietary research and technology to select stocks that relate to a trend, market insight, or innovation.

Clients can explore more than 40 thematic categories, including ESG related themes like renewable energy, electric vehicles, workforce diversity leaders, and water sustainability.

In 2023, we enhanced our thematic offering by enabling clients to trade in Schwab Investing Themes.

Clients now can invest in each theme as built from our research or customize the stocks and weights to help align with their needs and interests.

The launch of Schwab Investing Themes is part of our ongoing effort to provide investors with products and services that help personalize how they invest.

Our direct indexing solution is a separately managed account that allows investors to own individual stocks that reflect the characteristics of an index.

Clients enrolled in Schwab Personalized Indexing can choose from four index based strategies for the market exposure they prefer, with the ability to exclude individual stocks or industry categories.

Clients seeking an ESG strategy can select the MSCI KLD 400 Social Index, which is designed to capture exposure to companies with outstanding ESG ratings and excludes companies whose performance has had negative social or environmental impacts.

Direct indexing allows clients to further customize their investments by choosing to exclude companies or industry segments that may not align with their risk profile or beliefs, while still maintaining exposure to the reference index.

Portfolio management for Schwab Personalized Indexing is provided by Schwab Asset Management.

Clients interested in researching ESG investments for their portfolios can log into their Schwab accounts to view MSCI’s ESG ratings for individual stocks.

Through Wasmer Shroeder , a fixed income investment manager that we acquired in 2020, we offer our clients two positive impact strategies: Positive Impact Tax Exempt and Positive Impact Bond.

Portfolio management for Wasmer Schroeder Strategies is provided by Schwab Asset Management.

The Wasmer Shroeder positive impact strategies focus on supporting issues such as education, infrastructure, environmental protection, poverty eradication, and affordable housing.

Schwab Asset Management considers how proceeds will be used as a way to identify bonds that exhibit a positive impact on society and the environment.

These considerations include whether there are clearly defined and quantifiable community and or environmental benefits expected from the financing whether the mandate or objectives of the lending program align with social, environmental, or community benefits or whether the proceeds will be used to create, enhance, sustain, or improve upon an essential government function.

Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is an actively managed, semi transparent (also referred to as a non transparent) ETF, sub advised by Ariel Investments LLC (Ariel).

This ETF is designed to identify attractively valued, high quality small and mid cap companies with favorable ESG risk ratings based on Ariel’s proprietary assessment of industry exposure, disclosure, and management of material ESG issues.

Please see the ETF’s Prospectus for more information.

For more information on our history of providing industry leading products, services, advice, and education, see our Access to Investing page.

Schwab Asset Management provides advisory services to mutual funds, ETFs, separately managed accounts, and collective investment trusts.

As of December 31, 2023, Schwab Asset Management managed approximately 400 billion in equity assets invested globally, with 80% invested in North America.

At Schwab Asset Management, we take our role as fiduciary very seriously, and shareholder returns are our primary focus.

This client first philosophy drives how Schwab Asset Management approaches decision making in the investment stewardship context.

That includes efforts to appropriately manage risk by encouraging transparency and focusing on corporate governance structures that will help protect and promote shareholder value.

Historically, Schwab Asset Management has taken a mostly quantitative approach to evaluating investment options and strategies, reflecting the largely passive index orientation of our investment products.

Since 2020, Schwab Asset Management has engaged more actively with portfolio companies to inform our proxy voting policies and our voting decisions on certain ballot items.

This further promotes our philosophy on the importance of strong corporate governance, risk management, and disclosure practices.

During proxy season, we meet with certain issuers, shareholder proponents, and dissidents that have items of concern to us on their annual or special meeting agendas.

In the off season, we generally engage with issuers in which we hold a significant number of shares and have identified potential material risks that we would like to discuss with senior leaders.

We aim to use the engagement process to share our company specific concerns and priorities, get a better understanding of an issuer’s risk management practices, and inform our discretionary voting decisions on proxy contests, mergers and acquisitions, environmental and social related shareholder proposals, and certain governance focused shareholder proposals and say on pay proposals.

More than half of our total engagements in the year ended June 30, 2023, were focused on environmental, social and political shareholder proposals, largely a result of the continued sharp rise in these proposals.

To better understand overarching preferences of fund shareholders on key proxy issues, Schwab Asset Management became the first large asset manager to pilot a new proxy polling solution, which gave shareholders of three selected funds the opportunity to express their preferences on a range of proxy issues, including ESG issues.

The pilot was completed in 2023, and insights from the poll were leveraged to help inform Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting approach and policies.

We value direct input from our fund shareholders who are focused on the proxy voting process.

We believe that incorporating all available inputs into updates to our proxy voting policy helps ensure we are considering all approaches to any given issue, which helps us to always act in shareholders’ best interests.

Schwab Asset Management will continue to explore opportunities to engage with fund shareholders and incorporate their input into proxy voting decisions in the future.

The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is different from traditional ETFs.

Traditional ETFs tell the public what assets they hold each day.

This may create additional risks for your investment.

For example: You may have to pay more money to trade the fund’s shares.

This fund will provide less information to traders, who tend to charge more for trades when they have less information.

The price you pay to buy fund shares on an exchange may not match the value of the fund’s portfolio.

These price differences may be greater for this fund compared to other ETFs because it provides less information to traders.

These additional risks may be even greater in bad or uncertain market conditions.

The ETF will publish on its website each day a Proxy Portfolio designed to help trading in shares of the ETF.

While the Proxy Portfolio includes some of the ETF’s holdings, it is not the ETF’s actual portfolio.

The differences between this fund and other ETFs may also have advantages.

By keeping certain information about the fund secret, this fund may face less risk that other traders can predict or copy its investment strategy.

If other traders are able to copy or predict the fund’s investment strategy, however, this may hurt the fund’s performance.

For additional information regarding the unique attributes and risks of the fund, see Proxy Portfolio Risk, Premium Discount Risk, Trading Halt Risk, Authorized Participant Concentration Risk, Tracking Error Risk and Shares of the Fund May Trade at Prices Other Than NAV in the Principal Risks and Proxy Portfolio and Proxy Overlap sections of the prospectus and or the Statement of Additional Information.

Schwab Asset Management maintains a proxy voting policy that guides our proxy votes for all securities held by Schwab Funds, Schwab ETFs, and clients who have delegated proxy voting to Schwab Asset Management.

The proxy voting policy reflects Schwab Asset Management’s belief that, in most instances, a company’s board is best positioned to determine a company’s strategy and manage its operations.

Schwab Asset Management generally does not support shareholder proposals seeking a change in business practices.

In 2023, Schwab Asset Management supported 89% of management recommendations globally.

Schwab Asset Management evaluates, on a case by case basis, shareholder proposals regarding environmental, social and political issues, including those calling for additional disclosure of material risks to a company, with an emphasis on risks identified within the Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) framework.

The case by case evaluation of these proposals takes into consideration a company’s current practices, level of reporting, disclosures by its peers, and the existence of controversies or litigation related to the issue.

This approach recognizes that a company’s environmental, social and human capital management policies can affect financial performance.

It also supports Schwab Asset Management’s view that appropriate risk oversight of environmental, social, and governance issues contributes to sustainable long term value and that companies should provide pertinent information on material risks common to their industry and specific to their business.

Proxy advisory firms such as Glass Lewis and ISS provide evolving guidelines and proxy voting recommendations to support a variety of ESG related proposals.

When updating our proxy voting guidelines and making decisions on how to vote on certain issues, research and recommendations from both Glass Lewis and ISS are among the many factors we consider.

As part of our diligence in shaping our proxy voting guidelines, we regularly engage with both of these proxy advisory firms to understand the thinking behind their respective policy updates, including updates regarding ESG factors.

Their insights are one of many sources our Investment Stewardship team takes into account when updating guidelines and making voting decisions.

Schwab Asset Management’s proxy voting policy is publicly available on the Schwab Asset Management website.

Our proxy voting records and annual Investment Stewardship Report are publicly available on our Investment Stewardship page.

Schwab’s cybersecurity and privacy programs play a key role in maintaining the trust of our stockholders, our regulators and, most importantly, our clients.

As a financial institution, we have implemented a defense in depth approach for addressing cybersecurity risk that includes administrative, technical, and physical safeguards.

This means that, if a control fails, additional controls are in place to secure data and systems to mitigate threats.

Schwab’s technical safeguards are designed to protect client, employee, stockholder, and partner data in today’s modern threat landscape.

Periodic penetration testing and vulnerability scanning.

Robust authentication and authorization measures to guard against unauthorized access to data.

Our commitment to cybersecurity includes teams that monitor and maintain the security of Schwab’s systems that collect, use, or store personal or confidential data.

We employ cybersecurity professionals across all lines of business as part of this effort.

Cybersecurity is also a core component of both our external and internal audit functions.

We review and test our safeguards on an ongoing basis as part of our audit program, and we work diligently to consider additional safeguards where needed to address new and emerging threats.

Beyond our team of experts, we prioritize the protection of client assets across our businesses, and our employees who handle sensitive information receive annual training on privacy, cybersecurity awareness, and safe handling of private financial information.

We maintain policies and procedures regarding the standard of care expected with all data, including internal company information and personal information pertaining to our clients and employees.

Physical security remains an important part of a holistic cybersecurity program.

Schwab protects critical data centers and other facilities with strong perimeters, surveillance systems, and authentication only access points, among other safeguards.

Schwab’s Security Knowledge Center helps our clients understand common threats and the steps they can take to proactively mitigate those threats.

Additionally, we regularly communicate with clients on security awareness, risks, and cybersecurity hygiene, and we view cybersecurity as an important tool to combat elder financial abuse.

We routinely work with seniors to better protect them from financial scams and various forms of social engineering.

Schwab has long been committed to privacy and privacy by design principles.

We design our business processes and products with the privacy principles of transparency, usage, and minimization in mind.

We provide clients with control over how their personal information is used for marketing, with opt outs and unsubscribe mechanisms that are easy to find and use.

We recognize Schwab is a custodian of our clients’ personal information in the same way that we are custodians of our clients’ financial assets.

Chuck Schwab’s original vision was to bring more people from Main Street into the world of investing so they could take ownership of their financial futures.

More than 50 years later, we remain as committed as ever to that vision of democratizing investing and operating our firm in a way that’s as inclusive as possible for our clients and our employees.

At Schwab, we know from experience that being different and embracing our differences matters.

It matters to the success of our company and to creating a culture where everyone counts.

Our employees are the foundation of our business and at the heart of executing our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

We are dedicated to building and maintaining a dynamic organization that values the individual strengths of every employee.

Our Managing Director, Head of Human Resources leads our talent strategy.

Each year, she meets with the Board of Directors in executive sessions for the Chief Executive Officer evaluation, a talent review, and Chief Executive Officer succession planning.

Created new ways to activate Schwab’s employee value proposition (EVP), providing resources to help leaders integrate our EVP into the entire employee lifecycle.

Adopted a new Hybrid Work Flexibility approach that balances our ongoing commitment to workplace flexibility with our focus on serving our clients, while helping strengthen our culture by fostering in person collaboration, team building, and professional development.

Made a one time stock option grant of 1,000 to each employee to instill a sense of pride and ownership in the firm and help all Schwabbies understand firsthand what it means to see Through Clients’ Eyes and be fully invested in our overall firm’s success.

Announced an enhanced career development program, Grow with Schwab, that will empower employees to own their tomorrow by providing tools and resources employees need to build a meaningful career.

Increased investment in Manager Excellence platforms and programs providing our leaders real time knowledge and support, educational opportunities, and development journeys for all people leaders, an important pillar in our Grow with Schwab portfolio.

In 2023, we transitioned from annual to quarterly enterprise wide surveys utilizing the Glint employee engagement platform to measure how engaged we are with our work, our teams, and Schwab.

The survey results provide insight into how our leaders can manage engagement throughout the year and how Schwab can continue to deliver on our commitment to create a great place to work in service to our clients.

The more dynamic engagement experience provides near real time insights and enables agile action plans that are more responsive to employee sentiment.

It also gives us the ability to identify macro trends that can be reviewed with the Board of Directors and the Executive Council and acted upon.

To better understand our employees’ sense of belonging, we expanded the survey in the third quarter of 2023 to include new questions on inclusion.

Overall engagement, defined as how happy employees are working at Schwab and whether they would recommend Schwab as a great place to work, was 78 in the fourth quarter of 2023 2 points higher than Glint’s finance industry benchmark.

Our overall engagement score average for 2023 was 82, and Schwab’s overall engagement score was within the top 25th percentile for companies that use Glint.

Schwab’s Through Clients’ Eyes strategy benefits from having a workforce that reflects diversity of thought and backgrounds and positions us to support our diverse clients and communities.

To that end, diversity at Schwab transcends ethnicity, race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and protected veteran status to include diversity of interests, life stages, experiences, strengths, perspectives, and thought.

We are on a long term journey to expand our workforce diversity, enhance our inclusive culture, better serve our diverse clients, and build stronger connections to all of our communities.

We believe that an inclusive culture and a diverse workforce propel innovation and creativity in the solutions we deliver for our clients’ investment needs.

Schwab is focused on attracting more diverse talent through enhanced partnerships with professional organizations that represent diverse communities, including women, people of color, people with disabilities, and people with military backgrounds.

Through our Employee Resource Groups and a variety of professional growth opportunities, we are building and maintaining a community of support, leadership development, mentorship, and connection to our diverse client base.

As the United States becomes more diverse, the financial services industry is increasingly demanding new capabilities to meet the needs of a diverse client base.

To meet our clients’ needs and advance better financial outcomes for all investors, Schwab is focused on delivering and expanding inclusive client service programming, understanding the unique needs of underrepresented investors, and fostering diverse talent in the financial services sector.

At Schwab, we focus on financial literacy and financial inclusion as a way to empower diverse communities.

To that end, we support many organizations serving underrepresented groups with a long term goal of broadening the diversity of our talent and our clients.

Inside: Programs aimed at supporting employees at Schwab.

Outside: Programs aimed at supporting our clients and local communities.

Schwab’s Head of ESG Policy Reporting oversees our D I function and implementation of our D I strategy across the organization.

Our D I team provides subject matter expertise in support of D I programs and our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs).

Our D I Sponsorship Committee, which is a subcommittee of our Executive Council, provides centralized oversight and governance to ensure that external D I partner sponsorships align with our four pillar strategy.

We are proud of the progress we have made toward fostering a diverse workforce, and we recognize there will be more to do as best practices and the needs of our communities and markets continue to evolve.

We are committed to our ongoing efforts to open doors and unlock the human and commercial potential that can flow from a strong focus on D I across the company.

Schwab is committed to building an inclusive culture by hiring a diverse and vibrant workforce.

This includes dedicated diversity and inclusion resources within our Talent Acquisition team to enhance our ability to identify, attract, and consider candidates with a diversity of backgrounds, as well as different experiences, strengths, perspectives, and thought.

We recognize that there is no single solution to expanding diversity in our workforce, and we have developed a variety of approaches to support our efforts to expand candidate pools.

Neurodiversity at Work: An initiative focused on increasing the representation of neurodivergent talent through the lens of accessibility.

Inclusively: An employment network that matches people with disabilities with companies like Schwab and focuses on early talent and roles that require no experience.

Schwab partners with historically Black colleges and universities and Hispanic serving institutions by leveraging our alumni from those universities to expand our presence at campus career fairs and career panels.

We also reach out to underrepresented student groups at other colleges to provide job mentoring and career panels.

We partner with and sponsor over 30 organizations to help us recruit diverse talent.

Our partnerships include Mathison, which helps us source candidates from 12 different underrepresented communities, the Toigo Foundation, which helps us actively recruit Black and Latinx talent, and Financial Women of San Francisco, which advances the success of women in finance.

As a federal contractor, Schwab develops annual affirmative action plans for our business locations with 50 or more employees.

Our affirmative action program helps us balance Schwab’s workforce in a way that reflects local workforce diversity through outreach strategies to hire, retain, and promote members of minority groups, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities.

This program does not involve quotas, preferences, or set asides, which are prohibited under federal law.

Coupled with our efforts to identify and attract diverse talent, Schwab provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants.

Our Interviewing Schwab program is designed to give managers the training and tools they need to assess how well candidates demonstrate the core competencies and leadership behaviors needed for each role.

This program supports consistency in the interview process, which helps reduce potential bias and enhance diversity in the workplace.

Training covers key concepts of the Targeted Selection process, which is a competency based behavioral interviewing method that focuses on the quality of people hired.

We use a bias detection tool to ensure all job descriptions and recruiting communications are reflective of the diverse candidate pools we want to attract.

Through this tool, all job descriptions and other recruiting communications are reviewed and updated to reduce language that may be harmful or offensive and to add more gender and age neutral tones in the language used in our recruiting materials.

To continuously monitor progress toward attracting diverse talent, our Talent Acquisition team uses a Slate Analytics diversity dashboard to help inform them of diversity trends for candidate pools.

Seeing and monitoring real time data of our candidate pools’ diversity allows us to adjust sourcing and other recruitment strategies.

Schwab uses unique market data from TalentNeuron and LinkedIn Talent Insights to review and understand the distinct makeup of the talent pool for certain talent segments based on location, required skills, and competencies.

Our Talent Acquisition team uses this data to collaborate with business partners on what steps can be taken to help increase diversity in the candidate pool for a role.

Our ERGs are employee driven communities of support for our diverse range of employees.

Our ERGs are made up of employees who come together around common interests, shared characteristics, or life experiences and are committed to fostering a culture of inclusion at Schwab.

ERGs help drive employee engagement, career development, and business objectives across the firm.

More than 30 years ago, we started our first ERG, Black Professionals at Charles Schwab (BPACS). Today, we have 10 ERGs. All ERGs receive equal access to funding from a centralized budget.

At the end of 2023, more than 13,000 employees belonged to one or more ERGs representing approximately 42% of our workforce compared with 12,000 employees at the end of 2022.

Schwab recognizes that cultivating a diverse workforce does not end after employees join the organization.

Mentoring and allyship are critical to retaining talent, and mentors play an instrumental role in career progression.

With a focus on retaining and developing our diverse workforce, we offer several different avenues for our colleagues to mentor and be mentored.

We offer a structured mentoring program for colleagues of color at the director level.

In addition, our ERGs offer both group and one on one opportunities for guided mentorship to all employees, regardless of their position at Schwab.

Some of our business units also offer mentorship programs for their employees.

As part of our structured mentoring program, dedicated mentors from senior leadership are paired for six months with Schwabbies at the director level who self identify as people of color.

Mentees focus on leadership development to prepare them for career advancement opportunities, broaden their professional network, and develop meaningful, supportive relationships with senior leaders.

Since launching the structured mentorship program in 2021, we have seen consistently strong demand.

Our 2023 mentorship cohort achieved a participation rate of 130 director level employees of color as mentees and 130 senior leaders participating as mentors.

A high percentage of mentees in every cohort has expressed overall satisfaction with the program.

Recognizing the importance of allyship, we offer additional mentor training through an Inclusion Through Allyship program, providing tools and support on how to be an ally to mentees and team members.

Separately, our company wide ERG Mentorship program is built to meet the career growth and employee engagement needs of our employees at all levels.

Group cohorts are led by Schwab Managing Directors who mentor 8 12 mentees each through six biweekly, one hour group mentorship sessions over three months, twice a year.

The mentors also commit to a one on one meeting with each mentee.

Guided programs are one to one matched mentorships offered over three months, twice a year.

Schwab Managing Directors serve as mentors who meet with their mentees biweekly for one hour.

The ERG Mentorship Committee, made up of ERG leaders across our locations, hosts a closing ceremony at the end of each three month program to acknowledge the hard work and commitment of the mentors and mentees.

Approximately 297 mentors and 525 mentees participated in the ERG Mentorship programs in 2023.

Schwab understands that employees have diverse experiences, needs, and expectations in the workplace.

We strive to create an environment that enables each employee to bring their authentic self to work.

We have developed a number of employee resources to help promote a sense of inclusion and belonging in the workplace.

Schwab’s annual Week of Belonging is a five day intersectional event highlighting inclusion through employee and leadership engagement and development activities.

Open to all employees, the event provides dedicated time for employees to experience the value of inclusion and learn how to get involved in the Schwab community through ERGs.

In person and virtual events during Week of Belonging include keynote sessions, ERG fairs, wellness activities, community service, and fun giveaways.

The 2023 event, themed The Power of Belonging, focused on inclusion and belonging as the fuel for employees to give their best efforts, best ideas, and best creativity to contribute to Schwab’s success.

Nearly 600 Schwab employees joined ERGs in the month before and the month after Week of Belonging.

Since 2020, we have seen an increase in our workforce diversity.

At the end of 2023, employees who self identify as people of color represented 37% of the total workforce, compared to 32% in 2020.

Women represented 37% of the total workforce at the end of 2023, compared to 36% in 2020.

In 2023, our employee headcount declined by approximately 6%, partially as a result of position eliminations and expense reductions following our integration with TD Ameritrade, Inc.

The number of women and people of color as a percentage of our total workforce remained flat from 2022 to 2023.

Schwab’s EEO 1 data is available on our website: Schwab EEO 1 Data.

The following charts show our leadership and workforce representation, by gender, race, and ethnicity, on a percentage basis.

Race, ethnicity, and gender data is based on the percentage of employees who self identified for purposes of EEO 1 reporting as of December 31, 2023, and Board of Directors for purposes of proxy statement disclosure as of December 31, 2023.

People of color includes Black or African American, American Indian or Alaska Native, Asian, Hispanic, and Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander.

Schwab’s Preventing Harassment and Discrimination Policy expressly prohibits discrimination or harassment of any kind based on an individual’s status, including race, sex, gender, gender identity or expression, religion (including religious dress and grooming practices), disability, age, military status, or citizenship status.

Our Respectful Workplace Training covers topics and related Schwab policies such as bullying, harassment, discrimination, sexual harassment, and violence in the workplace.

This training articulates Schwab’s commitment to maintaining a workplace free from any form of discrimination and harassment.

Respectful Workplace Training is required for all new Schwab employees upon joining the company and for existing Schwab employees annually.

We also advance inclusion, diversity, equal opportunity, accessibility, and leadership through voluntary training courses.

Our Accommodations Policy reflects our commitment to creating an inclusive workplace for employees and applicants with disabilities, whether seen or unseen.

Schwab makes good faith efforts to provide a reasonable accommodation for employees and qualified applicants with disabilities, pregnancy, or sincerely held religious beliefs, unless the accommodation would create an undue hardship in accordance with the requirements of applicable law.

Our efforts and progress have not gone unrecognized in the market.

We have received a number of external awards from leading D I organizations for our initiatives and progress.

Recognized by U.S. Veterans Magazine annually since 2012.

Identified by Forbes as one of America’s Best Employers for Women, based on a survey of 60,000 workers across the U.S. in 2023.

As the United States population becomes more diverse, we are developing new capabilities to meet the needs of a diverse client base.

We take a multifaceted approach to implementing the marketplace pillar of our diversity and inclusion strategy, such as scholarship programs that support students considering careers in financial services and opportunities for delivering our services to increasingly diverse communities in a way that enables all clients to own their tomorrow.

By providing encouragement and support to students considering careers in financial services, we can strengthen both our company and our industry.

In 2023, we welcomed our third cohort of scholars into the Charles Schwab Scholars in Financial Planning Endowed Scholarship program.

With an aim to break down barriers to careers in financial services and foster diverse talent in the sector, Charles Schwab Foundation established a 3.5 million endowed scholarship program in 2021 to provide financial assistance and career development opportunities to college students from underrepresented communities.

Students majoring in financial planning at participating universities across the United States are eligible to apply for approximately 10,000 a year in scholarship funds for their junior and senior years.

Scholarship recipients are invited to apply for an internship at Schwab, which could help inspire a future career in finance.

All eight of the 2021 scholarship recipients accepted jobs in the financial services industry following graduation.

Similar efforts within our Advisor Services business help cultivate the next generation of independent RIAs.

Schwab Advisor Services provides a variety of resources to help our RIA clients create more diverse and inclusive workplaces.

Building an Inclusive Firm Culture is a five month training and networking program designed to help our client RIA firms develop a strategic road map for building a diverse and inclusive workplace that attracts and retains the best talent.

This program targets firms that are highly driven to advance diversity and inclusion efforts and participants who are leaders with the ability to effect change and influence decisions.

To cultivate diverse talent in financial services and better serve an increasingly diverse investor base, Schwab Advisor Services partners with Charles Schwab Foundation to sponsor the RIA Talent Advantage Scholarship Program.

This program aims to raise awareness of the independent investment advisory profession and provides 10,000 scholarships to 12 students annually.

Of the 12 recipients selected for the 2023 class, six are racially or ethnically diverse.

Funded through Charles Schwab Foundation, Schwab’s University Grant program helps educational institutions establish and enhance financial planning majors and minors and increase awareness of the RIA profession.

More than 30% of recipients are historically Black colleges and universities, Hispanic serving institutions, or institutions that serve the Asian American Pacific Islander and Native American population.

Since its inception in 2007, the program has provided more than 16 million in funding to more than 20 universities.

Our purpose is to champion every client’s goals with passion and integrity.

We continually look for ways to improve our products and offerings in response to changing demographics and evolving client needs in a diverse marketplace.

One way we address our diverse client base is through financial education content specific to their communities, such as content focused on women and LGBTQ investors and Spanish language investor education webinars through Workplace Financial Services.

In addition, Schwab has partnered with Ariel Investments LLC (Ariel) for more than 20 years to conduct the Black Investor Survey to better understand and generate awareness of the financial issues facing Black investors.

Ariel is the oldest Black owned investment management firm in the United States.

Ensure that all clients and communities where our clients reside are treated fairly.

Maintain and uphold our regulatory obligations related to responsible banking practices.

The group’s strategic initiatives focus on increasing engagement with diverse neighborhoods and clients, in part through the design and implementation of new offers that respond to the priorities and needs of diverse clients and communities.

Through the efforts of the Fair Responsible Banking group, we seek to increase our presence in diverse communities, develop content tailored to diverse investors, and encourage collaborative efforts to expand our client base.

Howard University’s wealth management program with a focus on the RIA industry and a CERTIFIED FINANCIAL PLANNER curriculum.

A multi year grant to Coppin State University to develop programs in financial planning and wealth management that enable students to explore career pathways, establish a community focused center, and create a Minority Registered Investment Advisor Mentorship Program.

Platinum level sponsorship of the BLX Internship Program, a nonprofit that provides opportunities for aspiring Black and Latinx financial planners to intern at financial planning firms.

Schwab’s human centric employee value proposition (EVP) is central to our ability to attract, engage, and retain talent.

Our EVP recognizes employees want to feel cared for, valued, and understood.

As we design talent programs, touchpoints, initiatives, and benefits, we take into account the intrinsic needs of our employees to establish connections, share a sense of purpose, enable personal growth, and nurture well being.

We understand employees are more than just the work they do, and we are here to support them in both their professional careers and their lives outside of work.

Our EVP rests on three pillars: (1) leading the industry with integrity and service above all (2) succeeding together as one Schwab and (3) own your tomorrow.

It describes the promises we make as an employer and the personal and professional benefits to our employees.

It encompasses the central reasons why people are proud and motivated to work here.

We are dedicated to developing our talent by creating opportunities for both personal and professional growth.

Through our cohesive and integrated talent solutions model, Schwab takes a centralized approach to talent development that spans the entire employee life cycle from hire through retirement and gives employees choice in how to shape their skills and grow their careers at Schwab.

We offer many different programs and resources to help employees achieve their personal and professional aspirations no matter how big or what stage of their careers.

Over the past few years, we have steadily expanded our offerings to give employees at all levels of the organization access to programs that suit their career stage and aspirations.

Our relentless focus on our development programs brings to life the third pillar in our EVP that Schwab is an employer where you can own your tomorrow.

In 2023, we continued to invest in our nomination based leadership development programs (Aspiring Leader Program, Manager LEAD, Advanced LEAD, and the Securities Industry Institute).

We also deepened our commitment to supporting all people leaders by expanding programming to meet their needs.

In the fourth quarter of 2023, our leadership announced three significant new investments in our people.

The first is an employee advisory council made up of employees across the enterprise, regardless of level or title.

The council is led by our President, Rick Wurster, and is intended to provide a forum for a dedicated group of employees to share information and provide feedback to senior leaders.

The second is Grow with Schwab, an investment in strengthening employees’ growth and Schwab’s career development program, including career coaching and paid dedicated time each quarter for employees to work on aspects of career development that are important to them.

Third, the company made a 1,000 stock option grant to each employee to help ensure that every Schwabbie has a sense of ownership and a stake in the future of the company.

We recognize that our people leaders are critical to carrying out our business strategy and creating an environment where employees can do their best work.

We provide extensive tools and resources to help us build and maintain a cohesive, well informed management team that can model the values of our firm and help us succeed as one Schwab.

Our Manager Excellence program supports people leaders across the firm in three key ways.

In 2023, we launched a People Leader hub, making it easier for people leaders to find information about professional development for their teams and themselves.

The Manager Excellence portal provides a centralized source of knowledge and support designed around the people leader lifecycle and includes direct links to our four flagship development programs.

The Manager Excellence Community channel enables people leaders to build peer connections across the firm and engage in development opportunities tailored to the specific needs of people leaders.

The People Leader hub had almost 5,000 views from its launch in June 2023 through year end.

The Manager Excellence portal had more than 25,000 unique viewers and over 86,000 total site views in 2023, while the Manager Excellence Community sees 4,000 active users per quarter with approximately 250 interactions on posts.

In 2023, we partnered with Harvard University to give all people leaders access to expanded programming and content.

We also introduced four new learning experiences to further develop critical leadership capabilities and behaviors, equipping managers to tackle today’s dynamic leadership challenges.

People Leader Activate is designed to provide new people leaders with onboarding support, foundational learning related to coaching, time management, and more.

This training is required for all new people leaders within their first six months as a people leader.

People Leader Expand is designed for people leaders who want to build their knowledge on specific leadership topics and expand their leadership network across the organization.

Self paced learning modules are coupled with live virtual debriefs to engage with other leaders.

Topics include strategy planning and execution, decision making, difficult interactions, and more.

People Leader Elevate is a learning experience designed for people leaders with two or more years of leadership experience at the managing director level.

Participants develop their skills through highly interactive cohort sessions facilitated by Harvard, along with pre work and daily homework.

Level Up Seminars are designed for people leaders looking to improve their overall leadership skills.

Monthly live virtual and interactive learning events are aligned to trending leadership topics and critical soft skills, such as outside in thinking, resilience, igniting curiosity, and psychological safety at work.

Our Aspiring Leader Program creates that shared understanding of leadership while providing opportunities for participants to make meaningful connections across the organization and unlock the value of on the job learning.

ALP is a multifaceted four month program for individual contributors nominated by their business leaders.

ALP is designed for our next generation of leaders with a strong desire to learn more about leading self, leading others, and leading with purpose.

Programming topics include introduction to emotional intelligence, self leadership, building your personal brand, managing up, and exploring personal obstacles to people leadership.

Manager LEAD is a virtual five month program for select senior managers and team managers to gain visibility in the organization and additional development opportunities to build their leadership skills.

Similar to ALP but for employees who already hold leadership positions, this program is designed to build leadership capabilities around managerial courage, identifying and measuring business outcomes, and building high performing teams.

The program also focuses on increasing visibility, increasing Schwab business knowledge, and building networks across and within peer groups.

Advanced LEAD is a high intensity action learning experience for our high potential leaders at the director and managing director levels.

The program is designed to accelerate leader readiness invest in retention, development, and engagement of our high potential leaders and drive leadership capability, innovation, and growth mindset.

The program emphasizes strategy and human centric leadership in a fast changing and hybrid workplace.

This four month intensive program includes coursework, an experiential project, and cross business small group learning experiences.

Participants have the opportunity to engage more deeply across Schwab, increasing their internal networks and visibility.

The Securities Industry Institute is an executive development program for securities industry professionals at the director and managing director levels.

Hosted by Wharton Executive Education and the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (SIFMA), participants receive instructional coursework and the opportunity to expand their external networks within the industry through small workshops.

The three year program (delivered one week per year) focuses on challenges faced by executives in the financial services industry.

Learning objectives and programming topics include enhancing working knowledge in key functions of the financial services industry, providing leadership viewpoints and experiences for future career development, and equipping participants with practical information and resources useful in their present and future responsibilities.

We believe that a better employee experience leads to a better client experience, and we are committed to offering our people at all levels the tools and resources they need to help them build their careers.

Separate from our selective enrollment, nomination based professional development programs, all employees have access to resources and open registration courses that help them develop a variety of skills, including effective communications and presentations, leadership, enhanced productivity, coaching essentials, and project management.

In 2023, we launched an improved Development Career Growth hub, enabling a more streamlined user experience for employees and simplified access to our Career Development portfolio.

Our self directed online resources help employees achieve a stronger sense of where they are in their careers, explore opportunities to gain skills and experiences, and act on their career aspirations.

We enhanced and scaled our Career Development portfolio in 2023 to reach more employees.

Our Career Development Planning course was attended by more than 570 employees and our Supporting Your Employee’s Development Plan was attended by more than 220 people leaders.

Employees completed more than 7,350 courses through our LinkedIn Learning license.

We sent a monthly Learning Newsletter to more than 2,700 employees, with an average engagement rate of 82%.

Our HR team facilitated 36 career development presentations across 35 business units and ERGs.

Looking toward 2024, we will expand the ways employees can continue to own their tomorrow.

The enhanced Grow with Schwab program will add new dimensions to the firm wide talent development portfolio.

In addition to the existing portfolio of talent development opportunities, employees will have dedicated time each quarter to participate in centralized, professional development sessions.

Other elements of the program will be rolled out through the year and include access to a career coaching network and a platform that helps employees build their networks and get connected with short term projects that stretch their skills.

Recognizing that our employees span many different life stages and have a variety of work life needs, Schwab offers a wide range of resources and benefits to support all employees.

During the COVID pandemic, we placed the health and safety of our employees at the forefront of our workplace decisions.

We initially enabled everyone to work from home daily.

We followed up with a Workplace Flexibility approach designed to carry us forward while we examined the appropriate long term approach to workplace flexibility.

With the pandemic officially over, we are making further adjustments to our approach, seeking to balance our ongoing commitment to workplace flexibility, serving our clients, and our strong belief in the value of being together in person on a regular basis.

In person work helps foster collaboration, team building, and professional development.

And that, in turn, helps foster one of the hallmarks of the Schwab organization: our uniquely rich culture.

In January 2024, employees began spending three or four days each week working from one of our corporate offices and one or two days working from home, depending on their role.

This blend of in office and remote work supports teamwork and on site collaboration while giving employees the ability to spend some time working from home.

In addition, employees can choose to work remotely Monday through Friday up to four non consecutive weeks each year.

We believe our approach strikes the right balance between our commitment to workplace flexibility and our belief in the value of spending time in person with colleagues.

To support parents in our workforce, Schwab offers six weeks of fully paid parental leave following the birth, adoption, or fostering of a child regardless of the employee’s gender, sexual orientation, marital status, or caregiver status.

Beginning in 2023, we eliminated a 12 month service requirement for eligibility, and this benefit is now available for both full time and part time employees on their hire date.

Our full time employees and part time employees who are regularly scheduled to work at least 20 hours or more per work week accrue paid time off for vacation, floating holidays, and time off to volunteer.

Vacation time is based on an employee’s job level and length of service.

All full time employees accrue a minimum of 15 vacation days per year.

All employees, including full time, part time, temporary, and seasonal employees, accrue paid sick time.

We believe that having time off for personal or professional development contributes to higher levels of future performance and retention.

Schwab’s sabbatical program offers long term employees valuable time to engage in community service, career reflection, and education.

Eligible employees may take a 28 day paid sabbatical after five years of employment and every five years thereafter.

We recognize that life can be a juggling act between work, raising kids, caring for aging parents, looking after pets, maintaining a house, applying for college, and somehow finding time to care for yourself.

This includes back up child, adult, and elder care support for children with special needs and access to support when an employee’s regular care provider is unavailable.

Employees can also access pet care support through the back up care program.

Employees who need guidance throughout the elder caregiving journey have access to free, personalized support and online care planning, communication tools, on site care assessments, and an experienced care coach who can connect them to resources and specialized providers at every caregiving stage.

This program provides access to live events, personalized assistance, and online resources to assist with important aspects of a child’s education.

This offering includes one on one personalized support ranging from mastering middle school to planning for college.

For employees who have children with learning difficulties, developmental disabilities, or struggles with social skills, this program offers free guidance on their child’s unique situation and includes access to one on one personalized assistance to help employees advocate for their child in school.

Employees receive free access to a database of family support services, including free premium access to Sittercity for finding babysitters, virtual sitting, pet care providers, and housekeepers.

The program also includes discounts for a local nanny placement service for full time childcare, elder caregiving resources, learning pods, discounts on academic support, tutoring, test prep services, and preferred enrollment at certain childcare centers.

Our employee wellness program is designed with the whole person in mind.

GO Wellbeing Schwab is a holistic, inclusive program that offers a modern, interactive experience through a customized website and mobile app.

Approximately 74% of our employees enrolled in the program in 2023.

Through the GO program, Schwab employees can develop their individual well being across four main pillars: physical, emotional, financial, and social.

Activities across all four pillars not just physical well being make the program accessible to everyone.

GO Wellbeing Schwab provides resources to help our employees thrive whether they are tracking physical activity, planning personal finances, managing a health condition, joining an ERG, or developing personalized well being goals with a wellness coach.

To encourage participation, employees can earn up to 550 in well being rewards.

Employees who are enrolled in a medical plan with a health savings account (HSA) have their reward deposited into their HSA.

Those not participating in an HSA receive a taxable cash payment.

Schwab offers competitive medical, dental, and vision plans for employees.

In 2023, we absorbed all increases in health insurance premiums for our employees and held premium rates at 2022 levels.

For 2024, we will return to sharing the premium increases with our employees.

Schwab’s Employee Assistance Program (EAP) supports employees’ emotional and mental well being.

Through this program in 2023, employees had access to six confidential counseling sessions with a mental health professional at no cost to the employee.

Beginning in 2024, employees will receive up to eight consultations.

We provide on site EAP counselors at five of our major employee centers.

The program covers a wide variety of topics, such as managing stress, improving relationships at home or work, and supporting employees with autism spectrum disorder or behavioral needs for themselves or dependent family members.

As an additional benefit, Schwab contributes to our employees’ Dependent Care Flexible Savings Accounts every month for employees with base salaries less than 100,000 a year.

Eligible employees scheduled to work 30 or more hours per week receive a monthly contribution of 100 per dependent, up to two dependents, while employees scheduled to work 20 29 hours per week receive 50 per dependent, up to two dependents.

All employees at Schwab are eligible to contribute to the 401(k) plan as of their date of hire through either pre tax or after tax Roth contributions.

Schwab contributes 250 for the first 1 an employee contributes each year and matches employee contributions dollar for dollar up to 5% of the employee’s eligible compensation.

These Schwab matching contributions vest immediately.

As of December 31, 2023, 97% of our employees participated in the 401(k) plan.

Almost all participants contribute at a level that enables them to receive the full match.

Schwab offers all eligible employees the opportunity to participate in a tax qualified employee stock purchase plan.

Through this program, employees may purchase Schwab stock at a 15% discount with payroll deductions.

Employees receive exclusive offers on bank products, including discounts on closing costs and reduced interest rates for mortgage products offered through Schwab Bank.

Wealth management isn’t just for our retail clients.

All employees have access to no cost financial planning sessions specific to their needs, unless they are in a managed account.

Consultations can include retirement planning, investment advice, debt management, education planning, estate planning, and budgeting.

This service is paid for by Schwab and provided through a branch that is specifically dedicated to serving employees.

Employees pay no account maintenance fees and can open many types of accounts without required minimum balances.

Schwab helps employees achieve their professional development goals by offering up to 5,250 in annual tuition reimbursement for qualifying education and training courses.

Qualifying courses include work related undergraduate, graduate, or post graduate programs, certification and professional designation programs, executive development programs, and external training.

Classes that are not business or career related but are required for an approved undergraduate degree program at an accredited college or university also qualify.

Full time, part time and seasonal employees who work 20 or more hours per week and meet additional conditions are eligible to participate.

Schwab strives to be part of our communities, and we want our employees to be involved too.

We encourage our employees to get involved in their communities and support their charitable endeavors by offering paid volunteer time.

Each year, full time employees are provided with eight hours and part time employees are provided with five hours to volunteer.

Through the Employee Matching Gifts program, Charles Schwab Foundation matches up to 1,000 per year of an employee’s charitable contributions to eligible nonprofit organizations.

Employees who serve as board members of nonprofit organizations are eligible to receive a 2:1 match for donations, up to a maximum of 2,000 per employee, per year.

See Giving Back for more information on the different ways we invest in our communities nationally and locally.

Earning and keeping our clients’ trust is at the heart of everything we do and guides how we operate.

Risk management is not just the responsibility of our compliance department, nor is it viewed as a check the box exercise.

At Schwab, managing risk is a shared responsibility, starting at the top with our Board of Directors.

We earn clients’ trust by exercising a careful balance of stability, thoughtful entrepreneurship, and measured risk calculation.

We are fortunate to have the guidance and leadership of our founder, Chuck Schwab, who serves as Co Chairman of the Board of Directors.

He instills a steady vision of trust and client service that permeates our organization.

Our Chief Executive Officer, Walt Bettinger, serves as Co Chairman along with Mr. Schwab.

This structure reflects our intention to ensure strategic and leadership continuity for the firm through a long term succession plan.

Mr. Schwab continues to be actively involved in the firm’s strategic direction and corporate governance.

Our board maintains four committees: Audit, Compensation, Nominating and Corporate Governance, and Risk.

Each committee is chaired by an independent director.

Over 76% of our board is independent from management, in accordance with New York Stock Exchange corporate governance standards.

Our director independence standards and backgrounds on each of our directors are available on our website.

We value continuity and experience among our directors as an effective governance practice for fulfilling Schwab’s purpose and risk appetite.

A key priority for Schwab is ensuring that our board’s expertise evolves with changing norms and allows for consistent oversight of management’s execution of our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

While recognizing that ESG oversight is ultimately the responsibility of the full board, our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee has primary oversight of our ESG programs and priorities, with reporting to the full board.

The committee’s charter reflects this responsibility.

With 17 directors, we maintain one of the larger boards among our peers in the financial services industry.

We expanded the board in 2020, adding three new directors in connection with our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, Inc. As we work to complete integration of two large financial services organizations, the composition of our board provides continuity and supports the board’s oversight of our transition to significantly greater size and scale.

The board recognizes that a variety of viewpoints is vital to effective decision making, constructive dialogue, and a healthy boardroom culture.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of our board considers diversity of skills, experience, and background including race, ethnicity, and gender when assessing a candidate’s qualifications for the position.

Our board is 41% diverse based on race, ethnicity, and gender.

We disclose each director’s self identified diversity characteristics in our Proxy Statement.

Our Compensation Committee oversees and approves our executive compensation program through the design principles of pay for performance, stockholder value creation, and risk management.

Throughout the year, the Compensation Committee receives input from several sources that help inform its decisions.

These include advice and recommendations from an independent compensation consultant, feedback from stockholders, information from external market practice surveys, and individual performance assessments.

The Compensation Committee annually reviews our incentive compensation practices and policies to balance the execution of our strategy with risk and financial rewards.

To encourage collaboration and shared responsibility across our executive team, we take a rise together, fall together approach to compensation, as the performance metrics are based on organizational metrics.

See our most recent Proxy Statement for more information.

Our board oversees management’s execution of our Through Clients’ Eyes strategy.

We use our scale and resources, coupled with expense discipline, to reduce costs and ensure our products and solutions are affordable and responsive to client needs.

Our client focused organizational design consists of two operating segments supported by several centralized organizations offering products and services delivered by a number of specialized legal entities or subsidiaries.

This design enables us to maximize our focus on providing personalized client service while benefiting from the scale created by performing similar functions across distinct client groups.

Our Executive Council, led by our Chief Executive Officer, consists of all Managing Directors running corporate functions or business lines, with our Chief Risk Officer and General Auditor having reporting responsibilities to the board.

The Executive Council leads the execution of our strategy.

We also maintain various councils that inform execution of our strategy, including a Communications Council and Regulatory Strategy Council.

The councils do not have any formal reporting lines or decision making authority.

Rather, each council is a discussion forum made up of cross functional leaders, which allows for strategic discussions and a diversity of perspectives.

We ground our overall risk appetite in our vision of being the most trusted leader in investment services, along with our focus on earning client loyalty, innovating in ways that benefit clients, and being good stewards of our brand and stockholder value.

Risk management is a competitive advantage for deepening trust among clients and other stakeholders and preserving our foundation of stability.

We continuously evolve risk management in a way that’s consistent with changes in our business and the regulatory environment.

Our board is responsible for holding senior management accountable for implementing the board’s approved risk appetite maintaining an effective risk management structure that appropriately identifies, monitors, measures, and controls major types of risk and managing the company’s actions in a safe and sound manner.

Our 2023 Form 10 K explains in more detail the various types of risk we manage.

At the senior management level, our executives manage the process of shaping policies and procedures for the business and support functions to identify, measure, and control risks.

The Chief Risk Officer leads a Global Risk Committee, comprised of senior executives from each major business and support function, which is responsible for the oversight of risk management.

This includes identifying emerging risks assessing risk management practices and the control environment reinforcing business accountability for risk management, supervisory controls and regulatory compliance supporting resource prioritization across the organization and escalating significant issues to the board.

Several functional risk subcommittees across the enterprise report to the Global Risk Committee.

The Chief Risk Officer advises the board and its committees on risk management activities consistent with the company’s risk appetite statements and strategic plan.

Our board’s Risk Committee assists the full board in fulfilling these responsibilities by setting the types and levels of risk the company is willing to take and supporting the independence and stature of our risk management process.

More information on our board’s Risk Committee is provided in our 2024 Proxy Statement.

The board’s Audit Committee reviews reports from management and the board’s Risk Committee concerning major risk exposures and the steps management has taken to monitor and control such exposures.

The board’s Compensation Committee oversees incentive compensation risk and reviews the compensation program with respect to the potential impact of risk taking by employees.

The Compensation Committee is supported, in part, by a management level Incentive Compensation Risk Oversight Committee that conducts the annual risk assessment of incentive plans.

Our board has approved an Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) framework that enables a comprehensive approach to managing risks encountered in the course of Schwab’s business activities.

Under this framework, our risk appetite defined as the amount of risk the company is willing to accept in pursuit of its business activities is developed by senior management and approved by the board.

Our team based, company wide approach to risk management is formally structured with three lines of defense.

Our first line of defense is embedded in the business and support functions, which are risk owners and have primary responsibility for managing risk and executing business activities in a manner that is consistent with our strategic plan and risk appetite.

The business and support function teams are expected to perform risk identification and assessment, risk response, risk measurement and monitoring, and risk reporting and escalation within their respective span of control.

Our second line of defense is the ERM program, including the firm’s risk appetite framework.

The second line of defense is responsible for setting requirements and firm wide limits, as appropriate, and establishing the process for risk identification and assessment, risk response (accept, avoid, mitigate, or transfer), measurement and monitoring, and reporting and escalation.

Our third line of defense is our Internal Audit Department.

Using a systematic, disciplined approach, this team evaluates and improves the effectiveness of risk management, control, and governance processes for the benefit of the first and second lines and for reporting to the Audit Committee of the board.

This helps us enhance and protect our enterprise’s value by providing risk based and objective assurance, advice, and insight.

The Compliance Risk Committee, a functional risk subcommittee reporting to the Global Risk Committee, oversees compliance risk management programs and policies.

This subcommittee includes additional subcommittees covering fiduciary and conflict of interest risk.

The Human Resources Policy Governance Committee is responsible for workforce related policies.

We maintain a number of workplace and corporate compliance policies and standards, as well as avenues for reporting and oversight.

Our policies and standards serve as the foundation of our business and culture.

Our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (Code) captures our policies on general corporate and personal standards of conduct, conflicts of interest, confidentiality of information, employment practices, business practices, and compliance procedures.

It reflects our shared commitment to the highest level of business conduct and ethics.

The Code is reviewed each year and any material changes must be approved by Schwab’s Board of Directors.

Our Enterprise Risk Management Policy supports the minimum requirements for risk management activities across Schwab and our framework described above.

Our Compliance Risk Management Policy outlines our compliance risk management program, consistent with our board approved compliance risk appetite.

Our policy on Workplace Behavior Expectations describes expected standards of behavior that extend beyond compliance with laws, such as anti discrimination and anti harassment laws.

We maintain a number of additional policies covering a range of topics, including employment related policies, anti bribery and corruption, anti money laundering, and conflicts of interest.

Our enterprise wide Conduct Risk Management program is responsible for implementation of the Code and oversight of conduct.

Programs within the conduct function include corporate responsibility, internal surveillance, internal investigations, anti bribery and corruption, and other functions involving employee conduct.

The Conduct Risk Management team is responsible for helping to protect our clients, employees, and Schwab by providing effective and timely identification, mitigation, investigation, analysis and trending, and reporting of conduct risk concerns to leadership, the Risk Committee and Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, and directly to the full board.

For workplace issues, we encourage open communication to resolve any conflicts by discussing concerns with managers or Human Resources.

The Code requires all employees to report actual or suspected violations of the Code.

Understanding that reporting these matters can be uncomfortable, we offer a number of pathways for employees to report conduct and ethics concerns.

Employees can report suspected violations of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics to the Corporate Responsibility Officer directly or to Conduct Risk Management via a tip line.

The Ombudsperson program offers an anonymous reporting alternative.

Using an outside Ombudsperson allows for added assurance of confidentiality and anonymity.

Schwab maintains a non retaliation policy that prohibits retaliation against any employee, former employee, applicant, or any person who provides services to the Company for reporting concerns about a potential violation of the Code, for assisting anyone in making a report, or for cooperating in an investigation.

Reporting channels and procedures are communicated through trainings and policies.

We maintain hotlines for anti money laundering Office of Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) issues through the compliance department and corporate legal services.

Concerns about potential financial crimes may be confidentially reported to the Bank Secrecy Act (BSA) Officer in the Corporate Anti Money Laundering Department and escalated to the Corporate Responsibility Officer.

To help ensure adherence to our policies, we offer more than 50 training courses related to compliance and conduct.

These courses help employees understand Schwab’s legal and regulatory compliance obligations and how all employees play a part in ensuring that Schwab meets them.

All Schwab employees complete our ERM Annual Training, which promotes risk awareness and supports a culture of compliance and ethical behavior that is embedded in decision making and risk management processes.

Topics covered in the training include conflicts of interest, conduct risk, financial crimes, information security, and risk management.

Participation in the regulatory and legislative process is guided by our long standing vision to democratize investing and our belief that investing has the power to transform lives.

Schwab’s Office of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs’ mission is to encourage and support the creation of responsible government policies that help our clients achieve their financial goals and help the company grow and succeed.

Our advocacy activities are focused on regulatory and legislative issues that directly affect our business and our ability to serve clients with passion and integrity.

We work to educate policymakers at the international, federal, state, and local levels about the effect of public policy proposals on individual investors and RIAs.

We proactively encourage legislation and regulations that benefit our clients and individual investors generally, and we participate in the legislative and regulatory processes by communicating the company’s views on policy proposals that affect investors.

We also keep our employees informed of key legislative issues to allow them to better serve our clients and enhance our clients’ abilities to achieve their investment goals.

Our Office of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs, located in Washington, D.C., executes our lobbying activities with oversight by the Corporate General Counsel and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors.

Our Head of Legislative and Regulatory Affairs has standing meetings with the General Counsel.

The Legislative and Regulatory Affairs team meets regularly with the Regulatory Strategy Council, a committee of senior executives.

The Regulatory Strategy Council provides advice and oversight for Schwab’s advocacy strategies on policy issues of importance to clients and the company, as well as our relationships with trade associations.

Depending on the issue, the council engages with the appropriate business unit to gain insights that help shape the advocacy strategy needed to reflect our vision.

The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors reviews our public policy and advocacy activities.

The committee receives regular reports on our lobbying activity, annually reviews our membership in trade associations that engage in lobbying activity, and reviews our corporate spending on lobbying and advocacy activities.

In addition, quarterly reports on pending legislative and regulatory policy issues of significance to the company are provided to the Risk Committee of the Board of Directors.

Schwab is subject to extensive federal, state, and local lobbying disclosure requirements, which include the filing of reports with Congress and applicable state agencies.

Our reports on federal lobbying activities are publicly available on the websites of the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate.

These quarterly reports provide information on activities to influence legislation through communication with any member or employee of Congress or with any covered executive branch official.

The reports also provide disclosure on lobbying expenses incurred for the applicable quarter, the specific issues lobbied on, which federal agencies were lobbied, and the names of any registered lobbyists who lobbied on behalf of the company or any of its subsidiaries.

In addition, as required under state law, we disclose our lobbying activity in the states in which we are actively engaged in lobbying.

In most cases, these disclosures are publicly available at the government disclosure sites by following the instructions on each website and searching for Charles Schwab Corporation where appropriate.

Our publicly available policy overview further outlines the company’s oversight with respect to lobbying activities and reporting.

Schwab does not use corporate funds for direct political spending.

We do not endorse or financially support any political party or individual political candidate.

Similarly, we do not make any donations or payments to 501(c)(4) social welfare nonprofits and we do not maintain a political action committee.

We respect the right of our employees to individually participate in the political process and make political contributions from personal funds subject to applicable law.

We focus our advocacy efforts on policy positions that support our clients’ investment goals.

We also use our position as the leading custodian to drive awareness and to support the continued growth of the RIA industry and our nearly 15,000 client firms.

For more than a decade, Schwab has been a leader in advocating for retirement savers in a long running effort at the Department of Labor (DOL) to clarify who is a fiduciary in the retirement savings context.

While Schwab has worked with the DOL in the past to try to find solutions, the firm’s comment on the 2023 proposal argued that the proposal was too similar to the rule that was vacated in 2016 by the courts and should be withdrawn so that the DOL can work more closely with the industry to ensure retirement savers are protected from conflicted advice without taking away access to that advice.

Regulators have proposed significant changes to equity market structure, which would impact the way retail investors trade securities, enhance execution transparency, allow for some stocks to be traded in tick sizes smaller than a penny, and more.

Through multiple comment letters and meetings with Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) commissioners and staff, Schwab has sought to make clear the potential impact on retail investors and on the firm’s trading operations while suggesting improvements that could help the SEC meet its objectives in a less burdensome way.

Regulators have also proposed a series of rule changes that would impact how registered investment advisors run their businesses and work with their clients.

These include burdensome new rules for the types of assets that are governed by the Custody Rule and how RIAs interact with custodians changes to the requirements for RIAs on how they perform due diligence on third party service providers and work with clients on ESG investing strategies and a proposal on the use of predictive data analytics that would restrict the use of virtually any technology in investment advice interactions with clients.

Schwab has held seminars to educate advisors about the proposals, submitted comment letters, and participated in numerous meetings with regulators to discuss the impact on the RIA community.

We are members of a number of trade associations that are core to our business and vision.

Trade associations provide valuable professional education, training, and networking opportunities.

Many trade associations also engage in lobbying activities on issues of importance to the businesses they represent.

Schwab’s membership in a trade association is not an endorsement of the group’s activities or positions on public policy issues.

Indeed, Schwab’s views on an issue can and do differ from those of a trade association of which we are a member.

In keeping with federal requirements, the percentage of dues paid to trade associations that are attributable to lobbying activities must be included in the calculation of the total amount the firm spends on lobbying on a quarterly basis.

Based on the information reported to us by these trade associations for 2023, the aggregate amount of our dues designated by these trade associations as attributable to lobbying was approximately 552,000.

Each year, the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of the Board of Directors reviews our membership in trade associations that engage in lobbying activity, and we regularly evaluate our participation in trade associations and industry groups, weighing the costs and benefits of continued membership.

National Business Coalition on E Commerce and Privacy.

Texas Bankers Association more content to add here , requires layout adjustment.

We opened our doors to banking in April 2003 by offering a select suite of products for the benefit of individual clients.

Today, we strive to deepen client relationships through selected banking services, including interest bearing checking accounts, savings accounts, and loan products such as overdraft lines of credit, home equity lines of credit, residential mortgage loans for home purchases and refinancing, and securities based lines of credit.

While our banking services remain focused on meeting the needs of our retail clients, we are committed to providing equal credit access to all.

In addition, we believe that investing in all communities through banking services, grants, and volunteerism is important, not just because of our regulatory obligations, but also because of our commitment to being a strong corporate citizen in the communities we serve.

The Community Development Group within Schwab’s Banking and Trust Services organization manages our responsibilities under the Community Reinvestment Act (CRA) to help meet the credit needs of low and moderate income communities where we do business.

While its core purpose is to help our bank subsidiaries meet their regulatory obligations, the Community Development Group has taken our programs above and beyond those requirements.

Through our Community Development Group, we aim to make a positive impact on the communities we serve.

We make community development loans and investments that help support affordable housing, small businesses, charter schools, early childhood education centers, and healthcare facilities in those communities.

We also make grants to local non profits, and we match our grant dollars with skills based volunteer service in those communities.

Our skills based approach to volunteerism through the Community Development Group allows us to maximize our impact by sharing our employees’ expertise with the community based organizations that we support.

Taking our work from a purely transactional relationship to a partnership model, where Schwab employees engage side by side with our community partners, strengthens our community relationships.

Our impact is made possible by strong oversight of our CRA programs.

Two of our bank subsidiaries are subject to the CRA, and each of those banks has a CRA Committee composed of senior officers that oversees the CRA program.

The CRA Committees are subcommittees of each bank’s respective Management Committee.

Together, the CRA Committees and the Management Committees ensure that appropriate resources are dedicated to the CRA program.

The Management Committees and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee of Schwab’s Board of Directors are responsible for reviewing our CRA activities and performance.

To comply with the CRA, each bank develops a three year strategic plan, which is approved by the bank’s Board of Directors.

In developing our strategic plans, we generally evaluate specific geographies (called Assessment Areas) for three types of opportunities: intermediary lending and investments, grants, and community service.

We set annual goals based on how much we expect to lend and invest, as well as annual goals for community service.

In determining what opportunities to pursue for a particular community, we focus on affordable housing, small business development for job growth, and financial capability.

We consider a number of factors that help us understand a community’s specific needs, including population changes, demographics, economic and housing information, unemployment rates, poverty rates, homeownership rates, and market competition.

We also engage in community outreach, which can include meetings with nonprofits, state and local governments, chambers of commerce, and universities as well as hosting roundtables.

We partner with institutions and organizations that know the communities, enabling us to build trust and maximize our impact.

We partner with and invest in Community Development Financial Institutions (CDFIs), primarily throughout the Western and Southwestern United States.

Our loans and investments in CDFIs represented about 50% of our annual commitment volume in 2023.

We seek to loan to and invest in CDFIs that primarily support affordable housing, small business development, microfinance, and community facilities such as charter schools, health care facilities, and childcare centers.

We loaned 10 million to Grameen America, a microfinance organization that serves women entrepreneurs living below the federal poverty line.

Grameen America provides small business loans, financial education, and peer support to low income women of color to increase their wealth and create jobs in their communities.

We loaned 5 million to ROC USA, the nation’s premier lender and one of the few lenders to serve manufactured housing communities to support the creation of resident owned communities.

We made 384 small business loans totaling 166 million and 19 community development loans totaling 469 million.

Approximately 80% of our annual commitments are invested in affordable housing.

These consist of investments in real estate partnerships that finance projects eligible for low income housing tax credits for multi family affordable housing.

We also invest in innovative funds and with emerging fund managers.

In 2023, we doubled our investment in the SDS Supportive Housing Fund, which uses equity instead of debt to build permanent supportive housing, from 10 million to 20 million.

The fund partners with nonprofit landowners and municipalities in California to create 3,000 units of permanent housing for its homeless population.

Schwab Bank makes grants to local organizations to deliver programs that support affordable housing, entrepreneurship, financial capability, and other needed community services.

In 2023, we funded the Equitable Development Initiative by Capital Impact Partners, which supports emerging real estate developers of color to create affordable housing in Dallas.

Funded 20,000 in scholarships for a non profit board training program through BoardBuild, an innovative platform that offers board governance training and connects emerging and established leaders with nonprofit organizations.

Provided more than 4,300 hours of community development services for the assessment areas identified in our 2022 2024 strategic plans, representing approximately 1,500 more hours than in 2022.

The Federal Reserve evaluates our performance, and we have received an outstanding CRA rating in our last three performance evaluations.

In support of this rating, we met or exceeded our performance goals under the lending, investment, and service tests of our strategic plans.

Schwab is committed to strengthening the communities where we live and work by strategically deploying philanthropic resources to support critical needs that align with our values and corporate strategy, our employees’ interests, and the needs of our local communities.

True to Schwab’s heritage, our giving mission is to empower people through financial education and foster strong communities so that people from all backgrounds have the opportunity to achieve financial well being.

Our approach taps our firm’s expertise, helps build a pipeline of future investors, and empowers our employees to give back in the ways that are most meaningful to them.

We design our giving activities to empower Americans through financial education and foster strong communities.

Partnerships with national and local nonprofits to advance financial literacy and support community needs.

Financial literacy content for the public, especially younger and historically underrepresented audiences.

Employee volunteer programs, including firm wide events and individual and group volunteer opportunities.

Charitable sponsorships that enable employees to support causes they care about.

A lack of financial literacy has real consequences in people’s lives and can limit access to college, housing, and good jobs.

Schwab’s focus on financial literacy is grounded in our commitment to help change this trajectory by empowering individuals with the financial confidence they need to take ownership of their financial futures.

For decades, Schwab has partnered with leading nonprofits and community organizations to educate and equip people of all ages with the knowledge, skills, and behaviors it takes to become financially confident and secure.

We have a multifaceted strategy for improving financial literacy with a focus on scale, both in reach and impact.

Our strategy drives financial literacy through direct education with a particular focus on programs for youth and young adults and building capacity for educators.

Through Charles Schwab Foundation grants and Schwab employee volunteerism, we invest in nonprofit partnerships and programs that foster financial literacy, especially among youth.

We activate our expertise and resources to knock down barriers to financial education and raise awareness of the positive impact financial literacy can have on people’s lives.

We empower Schwab employees to champion the causes they care about through philanthropy, volunteerism, and community support.

We recognize that financial literacy is a journey and not a destination, so we provide expertise and invest in programs that give people relevant resources no matter where they are on their path.

We prioritize investing in programs and partnerships to support teens because they are at a pivotal life stage when independent financial decision making begins and lifelong habits start to develop.

Schwab’s ongoing signature programs and partnerships advance financial literacy nationwide and reach tens of thousands of teens and young adults each year.

Moneywise America builds on our long standing commitment to financial literacy.

This flagship program harnesses Schwab’s financial expertise alongside the talents of our 33,000 employees to provide access to high quality financial education to teens across the country, with a focus on those from under resourced communities and schools.

Moneywise America includes an extensive volunteer training program that develops and empowers our employees to confidently facilitate financial education in schools and nonprofits across the country.

For schools and nonprofits that do not have their own content, the program has a full standards based financial literacy curriculum.

In 2023, more than 1,400 employees participated in a Moneywise America volunteer activity, reaching more than 4,900 individuals and serving more than 100 schools and nonprofits across the country.

Since the program launch in 2021, more than 2,300 employees have volunteered through Moneywise America, reaching nearly 11,000 individuals.

Direct Education We partner with nonprofits and leverage our own experts to build and deliver high quality, scalable programs and content for people across the learning continuum.

Educator Capacity Building We use our resources to build and deliver programs that empower formal and informal educators to deliver effective financial education.

For more than 20 years, Schwab has partnered with Boys Girls Clubs of America (BGCA) to teach critical money management skills to teens while also equipping them with the decision making confidence to achieve financial well being and lifelong success.

BGCA serves more than 3.6 million young people annually through programs that promote academic success, good character and citizenship, and healthy lifestyles.

Together, Schwab and BGCA developed the Money Matters: Make It Count program to provide teens with a solid foundation in financial literacy so they can make empowered financial choices as adults.

Through financial literacy sessions, teens develop skills such as goal setting, budgeting, saving, and investing, and they practice their financial decision making skills through fun, engaging digital tools and games.

In the 2022 2023 academic year, more than 61,000 youth participated in the Money Matters program, which has reached more than 1.2 million young people since the program was first launched.

To expand the reach of Money Matters, Schwab and BGCA are adapting the program to reach a younger preteen audience.

In 2023, Schwab funded 11 Money Matters college scholarships for high school students who demonstrated financial literacy capability and leadership in encouraging other students to improve their financial literacy.

Since 2003, Schwab has awarded more than 700,000 to more than 330 Money Matters scholarship recipients.

Schwab began its partnership with Girls Scouts of the USA (Girl Scouts) in 2022 to redesign the organization’s financial literacy badge series, with a focus on financial wellness and financial empowerment.

Girl Scouts is one of the largest youth serving organizations in the country, offering many opportunities for Schwab employees to volunteer and engage with local troops on financial literacy topics.

To modernize the new badge program, Schwab and Girl Scouts focused on removing gender bias, which perpetuates the tendency for girls to be taught financial topics that are different from those taught to boys.

Badges now cover topics like investing and retirement.

In 2023, Schwab’s support focused on implementation and troop adoption of the new financial literacy badge program.

Since the program launched, Girl Scouts have earned nearly 90,000 financial literacy badges and more than 200 Schwab employees have participated in a Girl Scouts volunteer project.

For six years, Schwab has partnered with the SIFMA Foundation to support the Capitol Hill Challenge, a 14 week financial education and stock market competition, by fully funding participation for low income schools in every state each year.

SIFMA Foundation provides financial education to strengthen economic opportunity across communities and increase awareness of the benefits of the global marketplace.

Capitol Hill Challenge matches members of Congress with students, teachers, and schools in their respective districts to teach middle and high school students from under resourced schools about saving, investing, and civics.

Student teams manage a hypothetical 100,000 online portfolio to invest in real stocks, bonds, and mutual funds.

The program fosters mentorship, encourages civic engagement, cultivates community ties, and creates opportunities for lifelong financial empowerment.

In 2023, Capitol Hill Challenge engaged nearly 300 middle and high schools, reaching 6,300 students across the country.

Since Schwab’s support started in 2018, the program has reached more than 44,000 students.

Schwab recently expanded its partnership to support growth of other SIFMA Foundation financial literacy programs.

Schwab has partnered with DonorsChoose to increase educators’ confidence and ability to deliver financial education, equipping students with the financial knowledge they need to thrive.

DonorsChoose is a non profit crowd funding platform that enables the public to donate directly to teacher driven public school classroom needs.

In 2023, Schwab funded more than 2,300 financial literacy projects that benefited nearly 1,800 teachers and their classrooms.

Since 2016, Schwab has supported classrooms in all 50 states, reaching more than 3,600 schools.

Junior Achievement USA (JA) to support its work to build stronger tools for inclusion across its financial education learning experiences.

JA is the nation’s largest organization dedicated to giving young people the knowledge and skills they need to own their economic success, plan for their future, and make smart academic and economic choices.

Schwab, Council for Economic Education is enhancing and expanding the reach of its high school level course in personal finance.

The Council for Economic Education helps teachers nationwide bring important lessons about personal finance and economics to their students by providing them with free teacher workshops, engaging activities and programs, and hundreds of online lesson plans, tools, and videos.

Boost BerkeleyHaas: Schwab supported Boost BerkeleyHaas, a four year college preparedness program for low income and disadvantaged high school students in the San Francisco Bay Area.

The program supports students through workshops that focus on college readiness, life skills development, professional development, case study projects, and mentorship.

As part of this partnership, local Schwab employees visit the University of California, Berkeley, campus one Saturday a month to teach Schwab’s proprietary Moneywise America curriculum to the students.

Nearly 100% of Boost graduates attend college, with many attending top tier institutions.

Jump tart Coalition for Personal Financial Literacy.

The Jump tart Coalition focuses on improving the quality and curriculum for personal finance education in America’s schools.

Moneythink: Schwab partnered with Moneythink, a national education technology nonprofit, to enhance and expand access to its free, publicly accessible college affordability tool DecidED. With Schwab’s support, Moneythink is enhancing the tool’s functionality and extending its reach to more students.

Education, the largest public charter school network in North Texas, to support its Road to College and Career program, which prepares students and alumni as they transition into post secondary pathways.

As part of our partnership, Schwab employees in our headquarters community volunteered at eight Uplift Education campuses over a three week period to teach Schwab’s proprietary Moneywise America curriculum to Uplift high school seniors.

A core component of our giving strategy centers on using our time, talent, and financial resources to make a difference in the places where we live and work.

Our giving activities expand beyond financial literacy to support a wide range of charitable organizations and community service programs that help our people give to causes that matter to them.

Our culture of giving extends to providing grants, corporate sponsorships, and disaster relief funding to a variety of nonprofits.

We are proud to be an honoree of The Civic 50 from Points of Light, which has recognized us as one of the 50 most community minded companies in the country every year since 2017.

Across our major employment centers, Schwab has more than 175 volunteer Community Ambassadors who play a critical role in investing in our communities, building nonprofit relationships, and mobilizing employees for service.

Community Ambassadors provide local leadership for events that support financial literacy initiatives, volunteer engagement, and a wide variety of employee selected causes.

We also have a network of Regional Branch Community Ambassadors who help facilitate branch employee engagement locally.

In 2023, we celebrated 20 years of Schwab Volunteer Week, our flagship employee volunteer event.

While Schwab employees have been volunteering and giving back to their communities since the company’s founding, Schwab formalized its annual volunteer event in 2004 as a single day of service with just over 1,000 employee volunteers serving 37 nonprofits.

The event has grown in size and scale over time, true to our spirit of service.

In 2023, 8,250 employees volunteered to complete nearly 700 projects that benefited 375 nonprofits nationwide.

Financial literacy has long been a cornerstone of Schwab Volunteer Week.

In 2023, 600 employees volunteered at 70 Moneywise America projects during Schwab Volunteer Week, including with Boys Girls Clubs of America, Junior Achievement USA, Girl Scouts of the USA, and other local nonprofits that focus on providing financial education.

In recognition of employee efforts during Schwab Volunteer Week, Charles Schwab Foundation granted over 500,000 to organizations hosting Schwab employee volunteers.

Every holiday season, we put our spirit of service to work by giving back to the communities we call home through our Season of Giving program.

In 2023, Schwab focused on providing hunger relief to communities nationwide by packaging 512,000 meals, donating thousands of pounds of food, and providing financial support to food banks and other nonprofits.

Approximately 2,150 Schwab employees across the country volunteered to pack nutritious meals that were distributed within their local communities, in addition to collecting food, toys, and other goods to support local families during the holiday season.

Recognizing that hunger relief is a year round need, Charles Schwab Foundation granted 750,000 to local food banks and nonprofits focused on food insecurity in the 14 communities where most Schwab employees live and work.

To coordinate the packaged meal donations, Schwab partnered with Harvest Pack, a leading hunger relief nonprofit that brings meal packing events to local communities.

We recognize that our operations have an impact on the environment, and we aim to conduct our business in ways that reduce our environmental impact.

As a corporate citizen, we understand that creating a positive impact on the environment is important to many of our clients, employees, stockholders, and the communities we serve.

Our direct environmental impact comes primarily from our real estate footprint, which includes our corporate facilities, branch locations, and data centers.

Schwab takes a project based approach to reducing our environmental impact, studying the conditions at each location and pursuing opportunities for improvement as they arise.

As climate change becomes a more prominent issue for a growing subset of our clients and other stakeholders, we are looking to address our climate impact in new ways that balance our vision, our recent growth, and our role as a corporate citizen.

The Managing Director, Head of Corporate Real Estate and Security assesses and manages environmental risks and opportunities associated with our corporate facilities and reports to the Chief Financial Officer.

Within the Corporate Real Estate team, our Senior Manager, Energy and Sustainability leads our Corporate Real Estate team to drive environmental initiatives for our corporate and branch locations.

Schwab employees who are interested in reducing our environmental footprint can engage in these issues through Schwab Employees for the Environment (E4E).

E4E members are volunteer champions dedicated to promoting and celebrating environmental responsibility at Schwab.

They bring ideas and opportunities to the Corporate Real Estate team for discussion and, where appropriate, implementation.

E4E members support sustainability efforts by our employees and in our local communities.

In partnership with Corporate Real Estate, E4E organized a number of events around Earth Day in 2023, including paper shredding and recycling at multiple Schwab locations and sustainable food awareness events through our on site caf s.

We strive to reduce our carbon footprint through energy conservation and the use of renewable energy sources.

We annually measure and report Scope 1 and Scope 2 greenhouse gas emissions for our corporate facilities, branch locations, and data centers through CDP.

In 2021, we included estimated emissions from facilities added to our portfolio with our acquisition of TD Ameritrade, Inc. (TD Ameritrade) which significantly increased both our real estate footprint and our employee headcount.

Emissions data for 2022 includes actual data for TD Ameritrade facilities where available.

We continue to evaluate solar projects as a means of reducing our greenhouse gas emissions.

Our solar farm in North Texas produced approximately 3,600 megawatt hours in 2022, reducing our carbon dioxide emissions by 2,590 metric tons.

Electricity generated by the solar farm fully powers our North Texas data center.

Any unused power we produce is sold back to the grid to offset our energy costs.

In 2023, we substantially completed construction on a new rooftop solar project at our Phoenix campus, which we expect to go online in the first half of 2024.

We estimate that this project will generate nearly 1,000 megawatt hours annually, which we will use to offset our consumption of energy from non renewable sources.

We continue to evaluate other solar investments at our major campuses, such as applying solar to new locations and to car canopies and building roofs at existing locations.

All Schwab properties are enrolled in the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency’s ENERGY STAR program for benchmarking.

In addition, many of our properties, both Schwab and former TD Ameritrade locations, are LEED certified, including at the Platinum (2), Gold (18), and Silver (16) levels.

Our Corporate Real Estate team actively identifies opportunities to implement water conservation measures for our properties.

During the design process for our office spaces, we specify low flow fixtures and sustainable landscaping, which can include xeriscaping, drought tolerant native plants and shrubs, smart irrigation with flow shut off sensors, and rain freeze sensors.

Landscaping at our Westlake campus, for example, incorporates native and adaptable plants that can thrive with minimal water, enabling us to reduce our water usage.

We also support our employees who reduce their own carbon footprint by choosing to drive electric vehicles.

We have installed approximately 100 EV charging stations across seven of our larger business locations that enable employees to charge their personal electric vehicles at cost.

Measurements are not third party verified and represent calculations using the Greenhouse Gas Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting Standard.

Emissions data for 2022 reflects full year actual data for most of our locations and estimated data for certain locations for which data was not available.

We don’t forget about the small ways to minimize our environmental footprint that together make a big difference.

In partnership with our food service vendor, we are committed to sustainable practices through recycling, composting, and the use of eco friendly alternatives, such as biodegradable sugar cane containers and lids, recycled napkins, and paper straws.

We partner with Copia, a food reclamation service, to donate excess prepared food from six of our corporate locations.

In 2023, Schwab donated over 8,000 pounds of food, providing more than 6,700 meals to those in need.

These donations also had a significant environmental impact, diverting 25,000 pounds of carbon emissions and conserving 1.85 million gallons of water.

We launched DocuSign to our branch network in 2023, with the initial launched forms representing more than 60% of the total paper volume in our branches.

We redesigned our client statements with the goal of reducing paper by 40%.

We source some environmentally responsible products, including paper products that are certified by the Forest Stewardship Council or contain post consumer recycled content, high yield ink and toner cartridges, and rechargeable batteries.

Since January 2017, we have partnered with Green Standards to sustainably manage the resale, recycling, and donation of office furniture and equipment in certain locations.

This initiative has both an environmental and a social impact, combining waste reduction with meaningful benefits to organizations within our communities.

Our partnership with Green Standards has enabled us to divert a total of nearly 1,500 tons of waste from landfills, resulting in a reduction of 4,000 metric tons of carbon emissions since 2017.

The waste diverted through this program consists of workplace furniture and equipment, of which approximately 42% was resold, 38% was recycled, and 14.6% was donated.

This initiative also has had a positive impact on our communities, with 45 beneficiaries receiving more than 287,000 of in kind donations as of December 2022.

We did not engage with Green Standards on new projects in 2023.

Each year, we partner with E4E volunteers to sponsor collection events for Schwab employees and contractors to recycle their personal electronics, including computers, printers, cell phones, game consoles, TVs, and stereos.

In 2023, E4E held four collection events at our locations in Westlake, Austin, Phoenix and Lone Tree that resulted in recycling or reselling 2,028 electronic devices with a total weight of more than 16,000 pounds.

In partnership with Schwab Technology Services, E4E also manages a program that donates gently used and refurbished Schwab computers to nonprofit organizations.

E4E prioritizes local organizations whose missions are related to sustainability such as park and trail maintenance beautification and environmental education organizations.

In 2023, E4E volunteers collected, refurbished, and donated nearly 500 Schwab computers valued at more than 120,000 to 21 community nonprofits recommended by our employees.

Additional information about our ongoing environmental efforts is available on our Environmental Stewardship page.

Charles Schwab Bank was named the most trusted bank by Investor’s Business Daily (IBD) in its 2023 Most Trusted Financial Companies Survey, marking the first year a bank broke into the annual survey’s top 10 since its inception in 2020.

Charles Schwab was also named one of the most trusted investment firms, with consumers ranking Schwab among the top two most trusted financial companies across four categories ETF Fund Company, Online Broker, Wealth Management and Banking.

The survey scores financial companies on seven key attributes: financially sound secure quality of products services ethical business practices privacy and security of personal data customer service prices and sensitivity to customer needs in the current economic and financial climate.

The IBD Most Trusted Bank award was given to Charles Schwab Bank on September 25, 2023, and expires December 31, 2024.

The criteria, evaluation, and ranking were determined by Investor’s Business Daily.

Schwab paid a licensing fee to York Graphic Services, LLC for the use of the award and logos.

The Civic 50 recognizes the 50 most community minded companies in the nation each year and showcases how companies can use their time, skills, and resources to drive social impact in their communities.

Honorees are companies with annual U.S. revenues of at least 1 billion and are selected based on four dimensions of their corporate citizenship and social impact programs: investment of resources, integration across business functions, institutionalization through policies and systems, and impact measurement.

Schwab has received a 100 score on the Human Rights Campaign Foundation’s Corporate Equality Index every year since 2004, being recognized as one of the best places to work for LGBTQ equality and inclusion.

Schwab ranked 152 out of 400 employers based on a survey of 60,000 Americans 40,000 women and 20,000 men working for businesses with at least 1,000 employees.

All respondents were asked to rate their organizations on criteria such as working conditions, diversity, and how likely they would be to recommend their employer to others.

Female respondents also rated their employers on factors such as parental leave, discrimination, and pay equity.

Schwab scored 100 on the 2023 Disability Equality Index, a joint initiative of Disability:IN and the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD), being recognized as one of the best places to work for disability inclusion.

Schwab ranked as one of the top ten Best Companies for Women in the Finance category.

Fairygodboss lists are determined by anonymous reviews left on Fairygodboss.

Fairygodboss averages female employees’ responses to three questions about their overall job satisfaction, perceived gender equality at work, and recommendations to other women about working at their employer.

Schwab ranked 140 out of 600 employers based on a survey of 170,000 employees at U.S. companies with more than 5,000 workers.

Survey respondents were asked to rate their employers, and if they would recommend their employer to others.

Responses were given by current employees, employees who had worked for the company within the past two years, and individuals familiar with the company through friends, family, or peers in their industry.

Greater weight was given to evaluations from current employees and former employees.

The 2023 ESG Report references material with selected disclosures using the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards as a guide.

The following table outlines the location of the information from selected standards.

Other sources of information include our 2023 Annual Report on SEC Form 10 K, our 2024 Proxy Statement, our 2023 CDP Climate Change Response, and our corporate website.

ESG Report, About Schwab, page 9 Progress on Workforce Diversity, page 33 SEC Form 10 K, Item 1.

We provide disclosures informed by two SASB (Sustainability Accounting Standards Board) industry categories within the Financial Sector that represent the dominant mix of our business: Asset Management Custody Activities (FN AC) and Commercial Banks (FN CB).

Similar to our approach for GRI, while we have provided selected information, we did not disclose all information and metrics.

We will continue to evaluate disclosure in the future.

Our disclosures are intended to enable investors and other stakeholders to have consolidated and holistic access to information that Schwab considers relevant to our business.

Other sources of information include our 2023 Annual Report on SEC Form 10 K and our corporate website.

Because Schwab’s banking activities include minimal commercial and industrial lending, the standards under these frameworks related to ESG factors in extending commercial credit are not applicable to our business.

The Charles Schwab Corporation provides a full range of brokerage, banking and financial advisory services through its operating subsidiaries.

Its broker dealer subsidiary, Charles Schwab Co. Inc. (Member SIPC), and its affiliates offer investment services and products.

Its banking subsidiary, Charles Schwab Bank, SSB (member FDIC and an Equal Housing Lender), provides deposit and lending services and products.

The Pledged Asset Line is an uncommitted demand line of credit provided by either Charles Schwab Bank, SSB, or Charles Schwab Premier Bank, SSB.

Entering into a Pledged Asset Line and pledging securities as collateral involves a high degree of risk.

As a non purpose line of credit, proceeds may not be used to purchase securities, pay down margin loans, or be deposited into any brokerage account.

Before you decide to apply for a Pledged Asset Line, make sure you understand the risks.

A Pledged Asset Line requires a brokerage account at Charles Schwab Co., Inc.

Portfolio Management for Schwab Wealth Advisory provided by Schwab Wealth Advisory, Inc., a Registered Investment Adviser and affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc.

Please read the Schwab Wealth Advisory Disclosure Brochures for information and disclosures about this program (schwab.com resource schwab wealth advisory disclosure brochure).

The Wealth Advisor, Associate Wealth Advisor, and other representatives making investment recommendations in your Schwab Wealth Advisory accounts are employees of Schwab Wealth Advisory, Inc.

Mutual fund and ETF investors should consider carefully information contained in the prospectus, or if available, the summary prospectus, including investment objectives, risks, charges and expenses.

You can obtain a prospectus by visiting schwabassetmanagement.com prospectus.

Investment returns will fluctuate and are subject to market volatility, so that an investor’s shares, when redeemed or sold, may be worth more or less than their original cost.

Unlike mutual funds, shares of ETFs are not individually redeemable directly with the ETF.

Shares of ETFs are bought and sold at market price, which may be higher or lower than the net asset value (NAV).

Schwab Asset Management is the dba name for Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., the investment adviser for Schwab Funds, Schwab ETFs, and separately managed account strategies.

Schwab Funds are distributed by Charles Schwab Co., Inc. (Schwab) Member SIPC.

Schwab ETFs are distributed by SEI Investments Distribution Co. (SIDCO).

Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate but affiliated companies and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation and are not affiliated with SIDCO.

Environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies implemented by mutual funds, exchange traded funds (ETFs), and separately managed accounts are currently subject to inconsistent industry definitions and standards for the measurement and evaluation of ESG factors therefore, such factors may differ significantly across strategies.

As a result, it may be difficult to compare ESG investment products.

Further, some issuers may present their investment products as employing an ESG strategy but may overstate or inconsistently apply ESG factors.

An investment product’s ESG strategy may significantly influence its performance.

Environmental ( E ) factors can include climate change, pollution, waste, and how an issuer protects and or conserves natural resources.

Social ( S ) factors can include how an issuer manages its relationships with individuals, such as its employees, shareholders, and customers as well as its community.

Governance ( G ) factors can include how an issuer operates, such as its leadership composition, pay and incentive structures, internal controls, and the rights of equity and debt holders.

Carefully review an investment product’s prospectus or disclosure brochure to learn more about how it incorporates ESG factors into its investment strategy.

Because environmental, social, and governance (ESG) strategies exclude some securities, ESG focused products may not be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as products that do not use such strategies.

Additionally, the criteria used to select companies for investment may result in investing in securities, industries or sectors that underperform the market as a whole.

The Schwab Ariel ESG ETF is an active semi transparent (also known as a non transparent ETF).

Investing in the fund may involve certain risks, as discussed in the fund’s prospectus, including, but not limited to, those described below.

Any of these risks could cause an investor to lose money.

Active semi transparent ETFs operate differently from other exchange traded funds (ETFs).

Unlike other ETFs, an active semi transparent ETF does not publicly disclose its entire portfolio composition each business day, which may affect the price at which shares of the ETF trade in the secondary market.

Active semi transparent ETFs have limited public trading history.

There can be no assurance that an active trading market will develop, be maintained, or operate as intended.

There is a risk that the market price of an active semi transparent ETF may vary significantly from the ETF’s net asset value and that its shares may trade at a wider bid ask spread and, therefore, cost investors more to trade than shares of other ETFs.

These risks are heightened during periods of market disruption or volatility.

Proxy Portfolio Risk: Unlike traditional ETFs, this fund does not disclose its portfolio holdings (Actual Portfolio) daily.

The fund instead posts a Proxy Portfolio on its website each day.

The Proxy Portfolio is designed to reflect the economic exposures and risk characteristics of the fund’s actual holdings on each trading day, but it is not the same as the fund’s Actual Portfolio.

Although the Proxy Portfolio is intended to provide investors with enough information to allow for an effective arbitrage mechanism that will keep the market price of the Fund at or close to the underlying NAV per Share of the Fund, there is a risk (which may increase during periods of market disruption or volatility) that market prices will vary significantly from the underlying NAV of the fund.

ETF trading on the basis of a published Proxy Portfolio may trade at a wider bid ask spread than ETFs that publish their portfolios on a daily basis, especially during periods of market disruption or volatility, and therefore may cost investors more to trade.

Also, while the Fund seeks to benefit from keeping its portfolio information secret, market participants may attempt to use the Proxy Portfolio to identify a Fund’s trading strategy, which if successful, could result in such market participants engaging in certain predatory trading practices that may have the potential to harm the Fund and its shareholders.

Proxy Portfolio Construction: The Proxy Portfolio is designed to recreate the daily performance of the Actual Portfolio.

This is achieved by performing a Factor Model analysis of the Actual Portfolio.

The Factor Model is comprised of three sets of factors or analytical metrics: market based factors, fundamental factors, and industry sector factors.

The fund uses a Model Universe to generate its Proxy Portfolio.

The Model Universe is comprised of securities that the fund can purchase and will be a financial index or stated portfolio of securities from which fund investments will be selected.

The results of the Factor Model analysis are then applied to the Model Universe.

The Proxy Portfolio is then generated as a result of this Model Universe analysis with the Proxy Portfolio being a small subset of the Model Universe.

The Factor Model is applied to both the Actual Portfolio and the Model Universe to construct the fund’s Proxy Portfolio that performs in a manner substantially identical to the performance of its Actual Portfolio.

The Proxy Portfolio will only include investments the fund is permitted to hold.

The fund’s SAI contains more information on the Proxy Portfolio and its construction.

Proxy Portfolio and Proxy Overlap Information regarding the contents of the Proxy Portfolio, and the percentage weight overlap between the holdings of the Proxy Portfolio and a Fund’s Actual Portfolio holdings that formed the basis for its calculation of NAV at the end of the prior Business Day (the Portfolio Overlap), is available by visiting the fund’s website.

Value investing attempts to identify undervalued companies with characteristics for improved valuations.

Securities that exhibit value characteristics tend to perform differently and shift in and out of favor with investors depending on changes in market and economic conditions.

As a result, the fund’s performance may at times fall behind the performance of other funds that invest more broadly or in securities that exhibit different characteristics.

Mid cap companies may be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic events than larger, more established companies and the value of securities issued by these companies may move sharply.

Securities issued by small cap companies may be riskier than those issued by larger companies, and their prices may move sharply, especially during market upturns and downturns.

Holdings may include collateral held by the fund for securities on loan.

In addition, certain securities may be designated as collateral for transactions such as open futures contracts or delayed delivery securities.

Any fund holdings shown should not be considered a recommendation of any security by the investment adviser and is subject to change.

NAV (Net Asset Value) is a per share valuation of the securities in an ETF officially calculated once per day.

NAV price performance is primarily used to evaluate the fund and its managers and may not reflect the actual return for the investor.

Market Price is the price at which investors buy and sell ETF shares in the stock market.

Investing in emerging markets may accentuate these risks.

An ETF’s Market Price may be higher or lower than the NAV at any given point in time.

Market returns are based upon the Official Closing Price of the primary listing exchange (generally, 4:00 p.m. Eastern time) and may not represent the returns you would receive if shares were traded at other times.

Please refer to the Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. Disclosure Brochure for additional information.

Schwab Personalized Indexing is available through Schwab’s Managed Account Connection program ( Connection ).

Please read Schwab’s Disclosure Brochure for important information and disclosures relating to Connection and Schwab Managed Account Services.

Before executing any tax strategies mentioned, ensure you understand the technicalities and certain risks including unintended tax implications.

Investors should consult with their tax advisors and refer to Internal Revenue Service ( IRS ) website at irs.gov about the potential tax consequences.

Tax laws are subject to change, either prospectively or retroactively.

Individuals should contact their own professional tax and investment advisors or other professionals to help answer questions about specific situations or needs prior to taking any action based upon this information.

Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. does not represent that any particular tax consequences will be obtained.

This information does not constitute and is not intended to be a substitute for specific individualized tax, legal, or investment planning advice.

Where specific advice is necessary or appropriate, Schwab recommends consultation with a qualified tax advisor, CPA, financial planner, or investment manager.

Diversification and asset allocation strategies do not ensure a profit and cannot protect against losses in a declining market.

There are risks associated with any investment approach, and each Schwab Personalized Indexing strategy and equity market segment has its own set of risks based on client strategy selection and further customization.

Strategies that use screening to exclude certain investments may not be able to take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as strategies that do not use screens.

There can be no assurance that the strategies will achieve their desired outcomes.

Each investing strategy brings with it its own set of unique risks and benefits.

There are risks associated with any investment approach, and the Wasmer Schroeder Strategies have their own set of risks.

The Wasmer Schroeder Strategies are invested primarily in fixed income instruments and as such the strategies are subject to various risks including but not limited to interest rate risk, reinvestment risk, credit risk, default risk and event risk.

Fixed income securities are subject to increased loss of principal during periods of rising interest rates.

Fixed income investments are subject to various other risks including changes in credit quality, market valuations, liquidity, prepayments, early redemption, corporate events, tax ramifications and other factors.

Positive impact strategies may not take advantage of the same opportunities or market trends as products that do not employ this strategy, because they exclude certain securities.

The criteria used may result in investing in securities, industries, or sectors that underperform the market.

Portfolio Management for the Wasmer Schroeder Strategies is provided by Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., dba Schwab Asset Management a registered investment adviser and an affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. ( Schwab ).

Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Wasmer Schroeder Strategies are available through Schwab’s Managed Account Connection program ( Connection ).

Please read Schwab’s disclosure brochure for important information and disclosures relating to Connection and Schwab’s Managed Account Services .

Investment research for thematic stock lists is provided by Schwab Asset Management, the dba name for Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. Schwab Asset Management is an affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. (Schwab).

Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Thematic stock lists are not intended to be investment advice or a recommendation of any stock.

Investing in stocks can be volatile and involves risk, including loss of principal.

Consider your individual circumstances prior to investing.

Investment Research for Schwab Investing Themes is provided by Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc. ( CSIM ).

CSIM is an affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. ( Schwab ).

Both CSIM and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Schwab Investing Themes is for informational purposes only it is not intended to be investment advice (including fiduciary advice as defined under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act or the Internal Revenue Code) or a recommendation of any stock.

Portfolio Management for the Schwab Managed Portfolios is provided by Charles Schwab Investment Management, Inc., dba Schwab Asset Management, a registered investment adviser and an affiliate of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. ( Schwab ).

Both Schwab Asset Management and Schwab are separate entities and subsidiaries of The Charles Schwab Corporation.

Please refer to the Schwab Managed Portfolios Disclosure Brochure for additional information.

The Managed Account Select program is sponsored by Schwab.

Please read the Schwab Managed Account Services Disclosure Brochure for important information and disclosures.

In addition, please read the participating money manager’s (MM’s) disclosure brochure, including any supplements for important information and disclosures.

Investments in managed accounts should be considered in view of a larger, more diversified investment portfolio.

Investment advisors are not owned by, affiliated with, or supervised by Schwab.

Services may vary depending on which MM you choose, and are subject to an MM’s acceptance of the account.

Schwab Center for Financial Research ( SCFR ), a division of Charles Schwab Co., Inc. ( Schwab ), evaluates money managers (MMs) in Schwab’s Managed Account Select (Select) program.

Schwab does not provide advice or recommendations regarding managed account strategies or MMs to investment advisors or their clients.

Please read Schwab’s Disclosure Brochure for important information and disclosures relating to Schwab Managed Accounts Services.