INTEG R ATED REPORT 2021

we are transforming for good we werewe will beRussian invasion of Ukraine

We have watched with horror the unfolding 
armed conflict and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine. 
We condemn the violence in the strongest 
possible terms and join those calling for an 
immediate cease fire and restoration of peace.

Since the outset, PMI’s priority in Ukraine has been to 
look after the safety and security of its more than 1,300 
employees and their families in the country. Concretely, 
PMI has taken action to achieve three critical missions: 

1.  Helping to evacuate more than 1,000 people from 
Ukraine and relocate more than 2,700 internally 
displaced from conflict zones to locations in 
the country away from the heaviest fighting 

2.  Providing critical aid to employees who cannot 

leave or who decide to remain in Ukraine

3.  Providing those who have left seeking refuge outside 
of Ukraine, in neighboring countries, with logistical, 
medical, financial, and other practical support

PMI continues to pay the salaries of all its Ukrainian 
employees, in addition to providing substantial 
in-kind support to them and their families. 

In addition, we have already contributed around  
USD 10 million in funds and donated essential 
items across the country, directly to humanitarian 
organizations and through our own employee-led 
initiative, “Projects With a Heart.” These donations 
include: providing medicines, food, clothes, and a variety 
of other items to both our colleagues as well as the 
broader population; the purchase of 25 ambulances; and 
the set-up of a mobile hospital. Based on our current 
visibility, we estimate an additional USD 25 million will be 
incurred for additional support to employees this year. 

On February 25th, PMI announced the temporary 
suspension of its operations in Ukraine, including at 
its factory in Kharkiv. While activities in the east of 
Ukraine remain the most heavily impacted, the company 
has seen some resumption of retail activities where 
safety allows, as it seeks to provide product availability 
and service to adult consumers, using existing finished 
goods inventories on hand. The company is also working 
on future supply from other production centers, 
although this may involve higher costs. PMI is applying 
increased security and safety measures for personnel.

In 2021, Ukraine accounted for around 2 percent of 
PMI’s total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment 
volume and under 2 percent of PMI’s total net revenues. 
As of March 31, 2022, PMI’s Ukrainian operations 
have approximately USD 400 million in total assets.

On March 24th, PMI announced the concrete steps it 
had taken to suspend planned investments and scale 
down its manufacturing operations in Russia, following 
its related announcement on March 9th. This included:

• The discontinuation of a number of cigarette products 

offered in the market (representing approximately 
one-quarter of the company’s domestic cigarette 
SKUs, including Marlboro and Parliament SKUs) and the 
reduction of its manufacturing activities accordingly

• The suspension of its marketing 

activities in the country

• The cancellation of all product launches planned 

for 2022 in the market, including the launch 
of its flagship heated tobacco product IQOS 
ILUMA, originally planned for March 2022

• The cancellation of its plans to manufacture 
TEREA heated tobacco units for IQOS ILUMA 
in Russia (with an eventual annualized capacity 
of more than 20 billion units) and the related 
ongoing investment of $150 million

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Further, PMI announced that its Board of Directors and 
senior executives are working on options to exit the 
Russian market in an orderly manner, in the context of an 
increasingly complex and rapidly changing regulatory and 
operating environment.

PMI employs more than 3,200 people in Russia and will 
continue to support its employees there, including 
paying their salaries, while continuing to fulfill its legal 
obligations. The company will continue to make 
decisions with their safety and security as a priority.

In 2021, Russia made up almost 10 percent of total 
shipment volumes and around 6 percent of PMI net 
revenues. As of March 31, 2022, PMI’s Russian 
operations have approximately USD 1.4 billion in 
total assets.

The aspirations, goals, and forward-looking plans 
contained in this report may be impacted by 
the February 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine 
and its potential effects on our business over 
the mid to long term, which remain uncertain. 

As part of our broader plan to evaluate our 
published sustainability aspirations to ensure they 
remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable in 
the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke-
free industry, we will also assess and reflect the 
impact of the invasion. Considering the volatility 
and rapidly changing environment, we continue to 
monitor the situation closely. We will communicate 
any related changes within the next year.

Aspirational targets and goals do not constitute 
financial projections, and achievement of 
future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, 
and inaccurate assumptions, as outlined 
in our forward-looking and cautionary 
statements on page 252 of this report.

“Our responsibility is to all our stakeholders, which include 
shareholders, governments and the public they represent, our 
employees—all our employees, and our consumers. Every decision 
we make must find the optimum balance between the interests of 
these audiences. We do not act in a vacuum. We have a 
responsibility to our people in Ukraine and our actions show the 
lengths to which we are going to help them. In Russia, we built our 
business over a period of nearly 30 years, serving millions of loyal 
adult consumers. We have a responsibility to our more than 3,200 
employees and their families. There are no simple solutions. We 
have announced we are working on options to exit the Russian 
market in an orderly manner and that is what we intend to do.”

Jacek Olczak Chief Executive Officer

2

3

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Contents

2021 highlights 

PMI’s Statement of Purpose 

Letter from our Chief Executive Officer 

Letter from our Chief Financial Officer 

Overview

Our company 

Global trends 

Industry trends 

Stakeholder engagement 

Strategy

Transforming for good 

– Our business transformation  

– PMI’s Business Transformation Metrics  

6

7

12

14

18

20

22

28

32

32

34

– Anchoring sustainability at the core of our strategy  38

– Setting ambitions and targets 

Our 2025 Roadmap 

PMI Sustainability Index 

Creating value 

Letter from our Chief Sustainability Officer 

Corporate governance and management 

Risk management 

Fundamentals

Conduct R&D responsibly and transparently 

Sustain product reliability 

Nicotine science 

Uphold business ethics and integrity 

Respect human rights 

Manage our supply chain sustainably 

Safeguard privacy and protect data 

Apply fair fiscal practices 

Prevent illicit trade 

44

46

47

48

50

52

56

196

198

201

205

208

213

221

222

224

P R O D U C T
I M P A C T

Purposefully phase out cigarettes 

Maximize the benefits of smoke-free products 

Seek net positive impact in wellness 
and healthcare 

Reduce post-consumer waste 

60

64

90

98

O P E R AT I O N A L
I M P A C T

Foster an empowered and inclusive workplace  120

Improve the quality of life of people  
in our supply chain 

Tackle climate change 

Preserve nature 

144

162

178

Reporting and performance

About this report 

Performance in ESG ratings, rankings, and indices 

Performance metrics 

Independent assurance report 

Glossary of terms and acronyms 

Forward-looking and cautionary statements 

Notes 

228

229

232

245

248

252

253

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

About PMI

Philip Morris International (PMI) is a leading 
international tobacco company working  
to deliver a smoke-free future and evolving 
its portfolio for the long-term to include 
products outside of the tobacco and  
nicotine sector. 

The company’s current product portfolio primarily 
consists of cigarettes and smoke-free products, 
including heat-not-burn, vapor, and oral nicotine 
products, which are sold in markets outside the U.S. 
Since 2008, PMI has invested more than  
USD 9 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate, 
and commercialize innovative smoke-free products for 
adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with 
the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes. 

This includes the building of world-class scientific 
assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre-
clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral 
research, as well as post-market studies. The U.S. 
Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has authorized 
the marketing of versions of PMI’s IQOS Platform 1 
devices and consumables as Modified Risk Tobacco 
Products (MRTPs), finding that exposure modification 
orders for these products are appropriate to promote 
the public health. With a strong foundation and 
significant expertise in life sciences, in February 
2021, PMI announced its ambition to expand 
into wellness and healthcare areas and deliver 
innovative products and solutions that aim to 
address unmet patient and consumer needs. 

a For more information, please visit www.pmi.com  

and www.pmiscience.com

This report at a glance

We are pleased to present our 2021 Integrated Report, 
which describes how we are delivering on our purpose 
and provides detailed information about our strategic 
vision, performance, governance, and value creation. 
The content is shaped by a formal sustainability 
materiality assessment conducted during 2021. Unless 
otherwise indicated, the data contained herein cover our 
operations worldwide for the full calendar year 2021, or 
reflect the status as of December 31, 2021. Where not 
specified, data come from PMI financials, nonfinancials, 
or estimates. Unless explicitly stated, the data and 
information in this report do not incorporate wellness 
and healthcare acquisitions made by PMI during 2021 of 
Fertin Pharma A/S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic, Inc. 

In 2021, the world—and our company—continued to 
navigate the far-reaching impacts of the COVID-19 
pandemic. Throughout the year, our priority remained 
to protect the health, safety, and well-being of our 
employees and address the needs of our stakeholders 
while relentlessly working toward our purpose of 
achieving a smoke-free future. In this report, we 
describe how COVID-19 has shaped the environment 
in which we operate and impacted our work across 
various sustainability topics and how we have 
responded and adapted to these new circumstances.

This third annual integrated report is accompanied by  
a set of publications available for download on PMI.com:

Reporting indices

Separate indices mapping content of this report against 
internationally recognized standards and frameworks

Performance data

Our consolidated sustainability performance data  
all in one place 

ESG Highlights

Highlights of our strategy and performance in 2021

Case studies

Country-level case studies shedding light on our work  
on priority sustainability areas

ESG KPI Protocol 

Details on calculation methods, definitions, and scope  
of key sustainability performance indicators

a Read more about this report

4

5

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 20212021 highlights

PMI’s Statement of Purpose

P R O D U C T   I M PA C T

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

L
A

I

C
O
S

T
N
E
M
N
O
R

I

V
N
E

L
A

I

C
O
S

T
N
E
M
N
O
R

I

V
N
E

21.7 m

Total adult users of PMI’s smoke-free 
products, of whom 15.3 million have 
switched and stopped smoking 

(2020: 18.3 m; 13.0 m)

29.1%

Of adjusted net revenues derived 
from smoke-free products, which 
were available for sale in 71 markets 
worldwide by year-end1

(2020: 23.8%; 64) 

USD 9.2 bn

Cumulative investments behind 
smoke-free products since 2008²

(2020: 8.1 bn)

91%

Of total shipment volume covered by 
youth access prevention programs 
in indirect retail channels3

86%

Recycling rate of IQOS devices 
returned to our centralized recycling 
hubs (weighted-average percentage 
of each device that is recycled)4

(2020: 84%)

(2020: 94%)

46

Countries where our affiliates  
deployed cigarette butt anti-
littering campaigns focusing on 
driving behavioral change

Marketing and  
sales practices
New Marketing Codes deployed 
globally for both combusted and 
smoke-free (non-combusted) products, 
published in 2022 on PMI.com

Wellness  
and healthcare
The 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma, 
OtiTopic, and Vectura have provided 
a foundation for progress toward our 
ambition to generate at least USD 1 billion 
in annual net revenues from products 
in wellness and healthcare by 2025

Smoke-free  
consumables
Programs deployed to take back smoke-
free consumables after use by consumers 
in various markets, including Canada, 
Finland, Guatemala, and Switzerland

O P E R AT I O N A L   I M PA C T

39.7%

Of management positions held  
by women, on track to achieve our 
2022 target of 40 percent5 

(2020: 37.7%)

Agricultural Labor 
Practices
Publication of a dedicated report 
celebrating the 10-year anniversary of 
PMI’s Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP) 
program in its tobacco supply chain

5

Human rights impact assessments 
conducted since 2018 in highest-
risk countries and action plans 
being implemented

(2020: 4)

Low-Carbon  
Transition Plan
Publication of strategy to decarbonize  
our direct operations by 2025  
and our entire value chain by 2040

100%

Triple A

Of tobacco purchased at no 
risk of deforestation of primary 
and protected forests

(2020: 100%)

Score from CDP for the second 
consecutive year, recognizing our efforts 
to combat climate change, protect 
forests, and promote water security

1  Number of markets where PMI smoke-free products were available for sale: 2021 figure excludes Belarus and the U.S. 
2 
Investments reflect research, product and commercial development, production capacity, scientific substantiation, and studies on adult smoker understanding.
3  Total shipment volume includes cigarettes, heated tobacco units, other tobacco products, e-cigarettes, and snus. In 2021, we evolved our minimum requirements for 

effective youth access prevention (YAP) programs in indirect retail channels.
Including recycling (78%) and incineration with energy recovery (8%). 

4 
5  Calculation methodology updated in 2021 to expand data scope to employees on long-term leave (over 30 calendar days). 2020 data restated accordingly.

6

While Philip Morris International Inc. (“PMI” or the 
“Company”) is widely known as a cigarette company, 
in 2016 it announced its new purpose: to deliver 
a smoke-free future by focusing its resources 
on developing, scientifically substantiating, and 
responsibly commercializing smoke-free products 
that are less harmful than smoking, with the aim 
of completely replacing cigarettes as soon as 
possible. These innovative alternative products do 
not burn tobacco or create smoke, and therefore 
emit significantly lower levels of carcinogens 
and other toxic substances than cigarettes.

Building on the Board’s Letter to Shareholders and 
the first Statement of Purpose in PMI’s 2017 and 
2020 Proxy Statements respectively, we reaffirm 
PMI’s purpose and acknowledge that, as the 
Company continues to transform its business and 
organization, its core effort to provide smoke-free 
alternatives that appeal to today’s adult smokers—
and to work hard to convince them to switch—will 
not be enough. The Company needs to continue 
earning the trust and active cooperation of a 
host of stakeholders, from supply chain partners 
to regulators and public health authorities.

A smoke-free future is attainable, and the benefits 
it can bring to the people who would otherwise 
continue to smoke, and hence to global public 
health, are enormous. However, the Company 
cannot succeed alone. Together with governments 
and civil society, we can maximize this opportunity 
through a consensus that smoke-free alternatives, 
when subject to proper government oversight and 
regulation, are part of a sound tobacco policy.

Smoking causes serious disease, and the best way 
to avoid the harms of smoking is never to start or, 
for those who smoke, to quit. For decades, tobacco 
control has focused on strict fiscal, marketing, and 
other measures to deter initiation and to encourage 
cessation. These must be continued. Nevertheless, 
while smoking prevalence rates continue to slowly 
decline, the World Health Organization projects 
that the estimated number of 1.1 billion people who 
smoke tobacco products today will remain largely 
unchanged by 2025, reflecting population growth.1

1  WHO Global Report on Trends in Prevalence of Tobacco Smoking 2015.

7

Nicotine, while addictive and not risk-free, is not the 
primary cause of smoking-related disease. The primary 
cause is the harmful chemicals emitted while burning 
tobacco and contained in the smoke. Eliminating 
combustion from nicotine-containing products is the 
way to significantly reduce their toxicity. Thanks to 
rapid advances in science and technology, and a strong 
PMI commitment, these products are now a reality. 

In 2016, with the full support of the Board of Directors, 
the Company announced its new purpose of delivering 
a smoke-free future. Since then, the Company has fully 
aligned its employees with this purpose and swiftly 
shifted its organizational focus and resources to smoke-
free alternatives. The Company is essentially disrupting 
its traditional business from the inside out and is leading 
the industry in this unprecedented transformation.

PMI’s smoke-free product portfolio currently includes 
heat-not-burn products, nicotine-containing vapor 
products, and oral nicotine products, all without 
combustion. Their development and manufacturing 
follow high standards of quality and consistency.

The Company is committed to scientifically 
substantiating the harm reduction potential of its 
smoke-free alternatives compared to cigarette smoking, 
including through rigorous preclinical and clinical 
assessments and sophisticated systems toxicology. 
Our scientific findings are publicly available and peer-
reviewed, and we have submitted many of our findings 
to regulatory authorities, including the U.S. Food and 
Drug Administration. The totality of the scientific 
evidence makes the Company confident that switching 
completely to smoke-free products is likely to present 
less risk of harm than continuing to smoke. Post-
market surveillance is necessary to continue building 
this confidence and, over time, quantify the reduction 
in morbidity and mortality through epidemiology. 

To be clear, these smoke-free alternatives are not 
risk-free and should not be used by youth or adults 
who would not otherwise continue to smoke or use 
other nicotine products. The Company must market 
its smoke-free alternatives responsibly to minimize any 
unintended use while maximizing the switching of adult 
smokers who would otherwise continue smoking.

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021While cigarette sales today remain the largest part 
of PMI’s business in most countries, this is changing 
rapidly. The Company is actively accelerating 
the decline of cigarette smoking beyond what 
traditional tobacco control measures can achieve 
alone. To make its progress both measurable 
and verifiable, the Company developed a set of 
bespoke key performance indicators called Business 
Transformation Metrics. This set of metrics and 
related goals, which PMI reports on periodically, 
allow stakeholders to assess both the pace and 
the scale of its transformation and showcase how 
it is allocating resources away from its traditional 
cigarette business, aiming to base success on a 
future where it no longer makes or sells cigarettes. 

Although the Company’s transformation journey 
started with a vision centered on the critical mission 
of phasing out cigarettes, this is not its sole or 
ultimate end goal. Researching and developing 
noncombustible alternatives that are scientifically 
substantiated to be less harmful than cigarettes was 
the first step. Broadening access for adult smokers 
while simultaneously and deliberately working to 
phase out cigarette smoking completed the equation 
of its smoke-free purpose. In the process, the 
Company has expanded its social, human, intellectual, 
and manufactured capital in ways that allow it to 
go a step further, moving from a value proposition 
centered on doing less harm toward one where it 
can seek to have a net positive impact on society.

PMI is now actively working to expand its purpose 
and evolve into a broader lifestyle, consumer 
wellness and healthcare company, extending its value 
proposition and innovative capability to commercialize 
products that go beyond tobacco and nicotine.

This is built on two key growth areas: (1) wellness 
products, where the Company is developing and 
looking to commercialize scientifically substantiated 
consumer health products and solutions with the aim 
to improve people’s lives (2) healthcare products, where 
it has already committed resources to its development 
pipeline of over-the-counter and prescription products. 

This is part of a larger transformation that puts 
science, technology, and sustainability at the heart of 
PMI’s future by building on the Company’s expertise 
and investment in aerosol chemistry and physics, 
device technology, clinical research, and best-in-
class preclinical safety and inhalation models.

PMI’s key stakeholder constituencies, which are 
fundamental to both the achieving of its purpose 
and to the pace of its progress, will be affected 
in different ways by PMI’s transformation. The 
Company will seek to engage and collaborate with 
relevant stakeholders to speed the transformation 
while mitigating negative consequences.

  Consumers

Adult smokers and adult nicotine users are at the 
core of PMI’s business transformation. The public 
health benefit of smoke-free products depends not 
only on their potential to reduce the risk of smoking-
related disease compared to continued smoking 
but also on if they are actually used as alternatives 
to cigarettes by as many adult smokers as possible. 
For smokers to switch to them, these alternatives 
must be accessible. Increasing accessibility means 
improving consumer awareness, acceptability, 
as well as the availability and affordability of our 
smoke-free products. Acceptability means delivering 
experiences that satisfy the needs of adult smokers 
while significantly reducing the exposure to the 
harmful and potentially harmful constituents of 
cigarette smoke. It is vital that we engage with adult 
smokers to raise awareness of smoke-free products 
and their benefits compared with cigarettes.

While PMI will continue to responsibly sell cigarettes 
as long as there is a significant legitimate demand, 
it will leverage its leading position to accelerate 
switching to better alternatives, continuing to focus its 
commercial efforts toward raising awareness of, and 
informing adult smokers in appropriate ways about, 
scientifically substantiated smoke-free products and 
the benefits of switching versus continued smoking. 
The Company carefully monitors the results of its 
marketing to minimize any unintended use of its 
smoke-free products by nonsmokers, especially youth.

In addition, PMI’s new businesses will leverage 
its know-how and capabilities in areas such as 
inhalation and aerosolization to create better 
products to target unmet medical and consumer 
needs and deliver a better experience and 
enhanced products for consumers and patients.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The Company is urging this important stakeholder 
group to seize the immense opportunity that 
smoke-free products present for advancing public 
health within the current generation of smokers. 
PMI asks the public health community to scrutinize 
its smoke-free products, to provide feedback for 
improvement, and to be open to considering that 
PMI’s purpose aligns with the societal goal to change 
the health trajectories of the people who smoke.

  Supply chain

People working in the Company’s supply chain around 
the world, including tobacco farmers, rely on PMI for 
a substantial portion of their income. PMI deals fairly 
and ethically with its suppliers and is dedicated to 
acting as a good partner to other companies, large and 
small, that help us meet PMI’s mission. PMI recognizes 
that smoke-free products differ from cigarettes and 
entail change for some of its supply chain partners, 
and PMI is ready to help them in this transition.

  Civil society

Continued engagement and partnerships with civil 
society remain essential to the Company’s success. 
PMI respects the many communities and the 
environment around the world where it operates. PMI 
works hard to protect society and the environment 
through sustainable practices across its businesses, 
and to both address and prevent future social 
and environmental challenges, including reducing 
post-consumer waste (focusing on eco-design and 
circularity), tackling climate change, preserving 
nature, improving the quality of life of people in 
our supply chain, and fostering an empowered 
and inclusive workplace. The scope, metrics, and 
progress on these areas are outlined in PMI’s annual 
Integrated Report, published on PMI’s website.

  Employees

PMI’s ability to accomplish its purpose depends on 
the skills, dedication, and relentless efforts of its 
employees. The Company’s focus on a smoke-free 
future and long-term opportunities in wellness and 
healthcare has enhanced its ability to attract the 
new talent needed to support its transformation. 
The Company compensates its employees fairly and 
provides important benefits. It supports them with 
enriching job experiences, training, and education 
to help them develop new skills and maximize their 
employability in a rapidly changing world. The 
Company treats employees with respect, dignity, 
care, and fairness. It fosters diversity, inclusion, 
equal opportunity, and equal salary policies to 
ensure PMI’s workforce reflects modern society. 

  Regulators

Regulators can decisively accelerate the industry’s 
transformation toward, and the speed at which 
adult smokers switch to, smoke-free products by 
implementing risk-proportionate regulations and 
taxation for all nicotine-containing products and by 
providing smokers with accurate information. PMI is 
committed to engaging transparently with regulators, 
sharing its scientific research and post-market data. 
The Company is ready to support an industry-wide 
gradual phaseout of cigarettes as soon as a majority 
of smokers in a country have switched to scientifically 
substantiated smoke-free products. PMI believes 
that with the right regulatory encouragement 
and support from civil society, cigarette sales can 
end within 10 to 15 years in many countries.

  Public health community

The public health community is, unfortunately, 
polarized on the issue of smoke-free products. 
Without question, their work to discourage 
youth and nonsmokers from starting to use any 
tobacco or nicotine product and to encourage 
cessation should continue. At the same time, 
when better alternatives to cigarettes exist, the 
discussion should not be whether they should 
be made available to the more than one billion 
people who smoke today, but how fast and within 
what regulatory framework to maximize their 
adoption while minimizing unintended use. 

8

9

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021  Shareholders

The Company is confident in the core business 
growth prospects of smoke-free products and the 
significant additional long-term opportunity from 
innovating in wellness and healthcare. It is leading 
the new, highly promising category of smoke-free 
products and leveraging its unique capabilities to 
capture further areas of growth. PMI is dedicated 
to ensuring its shareholders continue to receive 
strong and sustainable financial returns over time. 
It is aware of the growing tendency among some 
investors toward exclusion and negative screening 
but does not believe it is an effective driver of change 
that can have a positive impact, especially with 
regard to driving behavioral change in convincing 
people who smoke to quit or improve their lives. On 
the contrary, by investing in PMI and holding the 
Company accountable to its purpose and targets, 
investors can combine positive societal impact 
with long-term financial returns. The Company 
welcomes suggestions, pressure, and support through 
engagement with both current and potential investors.

The Company understands the need to continue 
to build legitimacy and trust by being honest, 
respectful, fair, and transparent and by aligning 
actions with words across all areas of its business. 
To assess the impact of PMI’s current and future 
value chains on society and the environment, the 
Company regularly conducts sustainability materiality 
analyses and measures and reports its performance 
through financial, environmental, and social metrics 
that are key to a sustainable corporate strategy.

It is management’s responsibility to ensure 
that the Company’s purpose is achieved 
through the appropriate structures, 
systems, processes, and people. 

The Board oversees management’s efforts to 
enhance shareholder value responsibly and 
sustainably over the long-term in ways that 
are consistent with the Company’s purpose. 
Transparency and engagement between the Board 
and management are paramount, and we are all 
working toward PMI’s successful transformation.

To better align with shareholder and other 
stakeholder interests in achieving its purpose, 
the introduction of the Sustainability Index 
has allowed the Compensation and Leadership 
Development Committee of the Board to enhance 
the company’s compensation practices, explicitly 
linking it to ESG performance and further ensuring 
a strong link between executive compensation 
and both short- and long-term performance. 

In conclusion, PMI remains committed to 
accelerating the end of smoking and laying the 
foundations for a strong business in areas of 
wellness and healthcare as we strive to develop 
commercially successful products that have a net 
positive impact on society. This means not only 
transforming the Company to deliver on its purpose 
but also inspiring the industry to follow its lead. 

PMI’s Board of Directors

Bonin Bough

Lisa Hook

André Calantzopoulos

Jun Makihara

Frederik Paulsen

Robert B. Polet

Michel Combes

Juan José Daboub

Werner Geissler

Kalpana Morparia

Dessislava Temperley

Lucio A. Noto

Jacek Olczak

Shlomo Yanai

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

About PMI’s Statement of Purpose

PMI’s 2017 Proxy Statement contained a letter 
to shareholders from the Board of Directors 
announcing for the first time our company’s 
smoke-free vision. Building on this groundwork, 
our Board of Directors issued on March 26, 2020, 
in our company’s 2020 Proxy Statement, a letter 
that corresponds to PMI’s Statement of Purpose. 

In early 2022, PMI’s Board of Directors issued 
another letter reaffirming our purpose of 
delivering a smoke-free future and announcing 
the expansion of our business for the long-
term toward areas outside of tobacco and 
nicotine. This letter, our Statement of Purpose, is 
replicated on the previous pages of this report. 

Message from PMI’s Executive Chairman

The changes introduced to our Statement of 
Purpose were made to ensure it remains a current 
and fair representation of our company’s strategy. 
Importantly, updating the company’s Statement of 
Purpose maintains consistency and coherence with 
our company’s strategy and related reporting. 

Changes to our strategy and vision prompted the 
revision of our Statement of Purpose, expanding 
it to no longer have as its last horizon to achieve 
a smoke-free future, but also to encompass our 
strategic efforts to venture toward becoming 
a wellness and healthcare company. Notably, 
we aspire to achieve at least USD 1 billion in 
net revenues from such sources by 2025.

This is a clear, strong, and proper way to articulate 
our company’s purpose. It consists of a simple 
declaration that clearly harmonizes commercial 
success with social accountability and responsibility. 
It transparently specifies those stakeholders most 
critical to long-term value creation and sustainability.

André Calantzopoulos 
Executive Chairman

10

11

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Letter from our Chief Executive Officer
Sustainability is the core of our  
company’s transformation

Just like 2020, in 2021, amid the lingering 
headwinds of the COVID-19 pandemic and supply 
chain disruptions, our clear priority remained to 
protect the health, safety, and well-being of our 
employees. We took measures to prevent the 
spread of infection, sustain our operations, and 
support not only our employees and their families 
but also the communities in which we operate.

Early in 2022, we watched with shock the war in 
Ukraine unfold before us. Our immediate priority 
was, and continues to be, the safety and security 
of our employees and their families. We condemn 
the violence in the strongest possible terms, 
stand in solidarity with those who are suffering, 
and join the many voices calling for an immediate 
end to the war and the restoration of peace. 

Our ability to respond and adapt to change 
and sudden disruptions will be proven over 
time, and I am confident that the resilience of 
our people and strength of our purpose will 
allow our organization to live and prosper.

During 2021, and despite the challenging 
environment, we continued to deliver a strong 
financial and nonfinancial performance, and I 
am enormously proud of our achievements.

In a pivotal year for societal action on climate change, 
we accelerated our targets for carbon neutrality in 
our operations and net zero emissions across our 
value chain, and detailed our strategies and roadmap 
in our Low-Carbon Transition Plan. We continued 
to progress against our zero deforestation and water 
stewardship ambitions and took meaningful steps 
toward developing a holistic biodiversity strategy.

Our environmental sustainability leadership was 
recognized with a Triple A score by the CDP for the 
second consecutive year. Committed to maintaining 
best-in-class performance, we must not forget the 
environmental impact of our products and will continue 
to embed eco-design and circularity principles in their 
development and their end-of-life management.

“ Our ability to respond  
and adapt to change and 
sudden disruptions will be 
proven over time, and I am 
confident that the resilience 
of our people and strength 
of our purpose will allow  
our organization to live  
and prosper.”

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We also celebrated the tenth anniversary of our 
Agricultural Labor Practices program, aimed at 
improving labor practices and livelihoods in our tobacco 
supply chain. We remain vigilant in our approach 
to tackling systemic issues and are encouraged by 
the progress made so far in reducing child labor 
incidence and improving income levels across our 
contracted tobacco farms. In 2021, we continued 
to conduct human rights impact assessments, 
completing one in our tobacco supply chain in Turkey 
and commencing our sixth assessment in Malaysia.

Promoting diversity, equity, equality, and inclusion is 
paramount for our company and a priority for me. 
Although we made continued progress over the past 
few years, much work remains to be done, and I am 
proud to be one of the commissioners of the newly 
formed Business Commission to Tackle Inequality, 
spearheaded by the World Business Council for 
Sustainable Development. We shall continue our 
work to promote human capital development, 
ensure a living income for all our contracted 
farmers, and explore ways to ensure workers in our 
direct supply chain earn at least a living wage.

Seven years ago, we set out to create a new future for 
PMI—a future in which cigarettes would be obsolete, 
replaced by less harmful, science-based alternatives. In 
2021, we kept our relentless focus on that ambition, 
dedicating 99 percent of our research and development 
and 73 percent of our commercial expenditure to 
smoke-free products. Moreover, smoke-free products 
represented over 29 percent of our adjusted net 
revenues and, by year-end, we estimate that more 
than 15 million adults in total had switched to IQOS 
and stopped smoking. The strong position of our 
smoke-free business has allowed us to accelerate our 
timeline; early in 2021, we announced our ambition 
that by 2025 our smoke-free products would be sold 
in 100 markets and at least 50 percent of our net 
revenues would derive from smoke-free products.

PMI is committed to serving as an agent of change 
and advocate of positive values. We understand that 
our business must become a provider of effective 
alternatives. To achieve this, we are positioning 
ourselves at the forefront of consumer-centricity, 
technology, science, and innovation. With an eye to 
the long term, we are expanding our business into 
areas beyond tobacco and nicotine such as wellness 
and healthcare. Our ambition is that by 2025, at 
least USD 1 billion of our net revenues will derive 
from these adjacent avenues of growth, marking 

an initial milestone for a business with potential 
to grow much further over the longer term.

Last year, we acquired Vectura, Fertin Pharma, and 
OtiTopic—three leading and innovative companies 
with which we are excited to join forces to achieve a 
common purpose: building world-class expertise in 
the research, development, and commercialization of 
solutions that have a net positive impact on society. 
Although this Integrated Report does not account for 
the impact of these acquisitions, 2022 will be a year 
when we further their integration so that the progress 
they achieve can be captured in our reporting efforts.

Transforming our business means venturing into 
a number of uncharted territories, each bringing 
unique challenges. I say this with pride in what we 
have already achieved, yet with a deep recognition 
of the immense work ahead. We will always have 
critics, and we remain committed to engaging with 
them honestly and transparently, pointing out the 
actions we are taking to address their concerns and 
welcoming feedback on how we can do better.

Our actions—grounded in data, science, and 
facts—speak louder than words. That said, our 
societal interactions, especially when it comes to 
our company’s transformation, bring an emotional 
component that can carry a heavy weight. 
Consequently, we will work to promote constructive 
dialogue and address our stakeholders’ legitimate 
concerns appropriately. We cannot make cigarettes 
obsolete in the absence of collaboration and coalition.

Without dismissing our past, I hope our 2021 
Integrated Report provides a clear window into 
our present, as well as a more detailed view of the 
future we envision. I hope, too, that this report will 
spark dialogue and that our stakeholders will accept 
the invitation to judge us not for the company 
we were but for the company we are today and 
are working hard to become, as well as by the 
tangible progress we have made. It is through 
constructive engagement that we will accelerate 
the pace of meaningful and impactful change.

Jacek Olczak 
Chief Executive Officer

12

13

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Letter from our Chief Financial Officer
Accelerating the pace of change:  
committed to making cigarettes obsolete 

Accelerating the pace of change at PMI requires 
continued dialogue with multiple stakeholders, 
including governments and investors, to 
unlock financing capacity, increase innovation 
and technology development, encourage 
public support, and incentivize an industry 
shift away from combustible products.

Despite being well on our way to delivering a smoke-
free future, we still have some distance to travel, as 
our combustibles business still represents the majority 
of our revenues. Although this is shifting rapidly—in 
2021 almost 30 percent of our annual adjusted net 
revenues derived from smoke-free products, with 
the aim to derive at least 50 percent by 2025—the 
operating cash flows generated by cigarettes serve 
an essential role, supporting ongoing investments in 
the growth of smoke-free products and in building 
new capabilities in wellness and healthcare.

Staying competitive in the cigarette category during 
this interim period provides the infrastructure 
needed to support our smoke-free growth, allowing 
us to create a future where cigarettes no longer 
exist. Notably, where permitted, it provides the 
primary way we engage and connect with adult 
smokers and trade partners to raise awareness 
of smoke-free products and explain why they 
are a better option than continued smoking.

Even though selling off our cigarette business would 
make our company achieve its smoke-free ambition 
faster, it would not resolve the cigarette problem—it 
would just become somebody else’s problem to solve. 
Our aim is not only to make our company smoke-
free, but to make cigarettes obsolete. To achieve this, 
we will continue to responsibly and coherently sell 
cigarettes taking a consistent, disciplined, and steady 
approach to one day completely leaving them behind. 
While contradictory on the surface, this is a necessary 
trade-off that is vital to expanding our leadership in 
smoke-free products and driving a successful industry 
transition. We are convinced that impactful and 
systemic change can be best achieved by transforming 
from the inside out, engaging constructively 
with different parts of society, and ultimately 
replacing cigarettes with smoke-free products.

“ We are convinced that 
impactful and systemic 
change can be best 
achieved by transforming 
from the inside out, 
engaging constructively 
with different parts of 
society, and ultimately 
replacing cigarettes with 
smoke-free products.”

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

“ Our purpose is clear: Our 
smoke-free business is our 
focus area of growth, as these 
are the products needed to 
enable our transformation,  
and, most importantly, make 
cigarettes obsolete.”

The subsequent announcement of our company 
entering into an agreement for its first business 
transformation-linked financing instrument—a new 
revolving credit facility for an aggregate amount 
of USD 2.5 billion—was testament to the success 
of our integrated approach. I was pleased with the 
broad engagement and support of investors, lenders, 
and bankers. This approach is critical to helping us 
continue to drive change within our company. Further, 
I believe this kind of engagement can encourage 
industry transformation by demonstrating the 
benefits of our company’s unique value proposition.

Industry disruption only looks easy in hindsight. 
At present, we are in mid-stride: with one foot 
in our past, operating in a fiercely competitive 
legacy cigarette business, and one foot in our 
bold future, building an entirely novel and 
improved category of products. We recognize 
the magnitude of the challenge and remain 
committed to continuing to lead, tracking progress, 
and reporting on it transparently to ensure 
cigarettes become obsolete as soon as possible.

Emmanuel Babeau 
Chief Financial Officer

The relationship between the sources of tension will 
disappear over time, as our legitimate ambition to 
maintain market share in the declining combustible 
product category does not mean we aim to 
continue selling cigarettes in the long term. Our 
purpose is clear: Our smoke-free business is our 
focus area of growth, as these are the products 
needed to enable our transformation, and, most 
importantly, to help make cigarettes obsolete. 
We intend to continue expanding our leadership, 
portfolio, volumes, and markets for our smoke-
free portfolio to ensure we broaden adult smokers’ 
access to these products, maximize the benefits 
and minimize unintended consequences—with the 
intention of being present in 100 markets by 2025.

Strategy, Finance, and Sustainability—the three teams 
I lead—play a critical role within today’s PMI and 
have the capacity to establish a roadmap for success 
that not only responds to short-term needs but also 
accounts for medium- and long-term impacts. To 
achieve our ambitions, it has been of paramount 
importance for our entire organization to recognize 
that sustainability and financial performance are 
mutually reinforcing and part of the same strategy. 
That is why integrated reporting is a top priority: It 
allows all our employees, including management, as 
well as the company’s Board, our shareholders, and 
other stakeholders to understand how our financial 
and nonfinancial performance are interrelated.

A great example of the synergies from integrating 
sustainability into strategy, and making ESG issues 
a core part of our business priorities, was the 
publication of our first business transformation-
linked financing framework in 2021, which integrates 
the company’s smoke-free transformation into 
its financing strategy. Linking our most material 
sustainability priorities to part of our financing 
strategy strengthens our commitment and 
underscores to all our stakeholders the seriousness 
of our ambitions. I believe this not only reinforces 
our promise to reinvent our company but also 
invites investors and lenders to engage with and 
support our relentless work to accelerate the 
end of smoking, continue to grow our smoke-
free business, and use our strong capabilities 
to develop products in wellness and healthcare 
that can have a net positive impact on society.

14

15

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

O V E R V I E W

Our company  

Global trends 

Industry trends 

Stakeholder engagement 

18

20

22

28

16

17

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Our company

PMI is a global company 
selling products in around 
180 markets and employing 
approximately 68,500 people 
worldwide.1

Our product portfolio

Smoke-free

29%

PMI’s adjusted 
net revenues in 
2021

Combustible

71%

Since 2016, we have set a new course for the company—staking 
our future on replacing cigarettes with scientifically substantiated, 
less harmful alternatives. To date, we are the only company 
within the traditional international tobacco industry to have 
committed to phasing out cigarettes, encouraging adult smokers 
who would otherwise continue to smoke to switch completely to 
better alternatives. In addition to expanding our leading position 
in the smoke-free category, we now also seek to broaden our 
value proposition to develop products in wellness and healthcare 
with the aim of having a net positive impact on society.

Smoke-free products

Our smoke-free product portfolio is composed of 
two main product categories. Our leading smoke-free 
product is a heated tobacco product commercialized 
under the IQOS brand, available for sale in 68 markets 
as of year-end 2021. IQOS uses sophisticated 
electronics to heat tobacco in a controlled manner to 
release flavors and nicotine without combustion. Our 
e-vapor product, commercialized under the IQOS VEEV 
brand, generates an aerosol by heating an e-liquid 
formulation. IQOS VEEV was available for purchase in 
seven markets as of year-end 2021. We also now have 
a small presence in nicotine pouches, commercialized 
under the Shiro brand. This product contains no tobacco 
and is used by being placed beneath the upper lip.

Combustible products

To accelerate our transition away from cigarettes 
and encourage the industry to follow this path, it is 
necessary to maintain our competitive position in the 
cigarette market during this transition phase (read 
our Chief Financial Officer’s letter to learn more). 
Our cigarette brands are sold in around 180 markets, 
in many of which they hold the number one or 
number two market share position. Our portfolio 
includes a wide range of premium, mid-price, and 
low-price brands, including Marlboro, L&M, Chesterfield, 
Philip Morris, and Parliament, which are among the 
15 most popular brands in the international cigarette 
market (which excludes China and the U.S.).

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Total 2021 adjusted net revenue by PMI region

European Union

Eastern Europe

Middle East & Africa

South & Southeast Asia

East Asia & Australia

Americas (incl. the U.S.)

39%

11%

11%

14%

19%

6%

Operations Center: 
Lausanne, Switzerland

European  
Union

Eastern  
Europe

South &  
Southeast Asia

Headquarters: 
New York, U.S.1

1 

In the fourth quarter of 2021, we announced that we will be 
relocating our PMI corporate headquarters from New York,  
New York, to Stamford, Connecticut. This move is expected  
to be completed by the third quarter of 2022.

Middle East & Africa 

East Asia  
& Australia

Americas  
(incl. the U.S.)

Proportion of 2021 adjusted net revenues from smoke-free products in each PMI region

59%

33%

37%

4%

<1%

3%

European  
Union

Eastern  
Europe

Middle East  
& Africa

South & South-
east Asia

East Asia  
& Australia

Americas  
(incl. the U.S.)

1 

Incorporating 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma, Vectura Group, and OtiTopic, PMI employed approximately 69,600 people worldwide at year-end 2021.

18

19

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Global trends

We operate on a global scale in a fast-paced world. Our long-term  
success requires that we monitor, anticipate, and respond to the  
challenges and opportunities shaping our reality today and in the future. 

Global trends intersect with our strategies and initiatives and inform how we interact with the external environment.  
Several trends discussed here existed before COVID-19 but have been amplified and accelerated by the pandemic, 
causing disruptions to supply chains and business operations and making them even more relevant.

Healthy lifestyles
Society is more attuned to mental well-being and physical health, leading to a push 
for more conscious choices, active lifestyles, support, and better nutrition. Businesses 
are expected to expand and shift their portfolios to incorporate new services and 
product offerings that contribute to better health, paying attention to the unique 
needs of younger generations and older workers. To attract, retain, and optimize 
top-level talent, employers must prioritize mental and physical well-being in the 
workplace, particularly as remote and hybrid work becomes more prevalent.

Drivers 

Capitals impacted

Stakeholder expectations

How we are responding 

•  Demographic shifts

•  Consumer preferences

•  Public health policy and regulation

•  Consumers: Healthier products
•  Employees and supply chain: Occupational health and safety; Mental health 

•  Portfolio shifts driven by consumer centricity (transition to a 
smoke-free future, innovation in wellness and healthcare)

and well-being; Work-life balance

•  Workplace health and well-being programs and initiatives

•  Civil society: Public health
•  Policymakers and regulators: Public health; Quality of life; Social welfare
•  Shareholders: Product offerings in line with consumer expectations to 

protect and expand market share

Climate and nature urgency
Climate change, biodiversity loss, deforestation, water insecurity, and other ecological crises 
threaten more than supply chains and physical infrastructure; they endanger progress and 
business growth by exacerbating systems-level disruptions that affect our stakeholders. Policy, 
regulation, civil society, and market forces continue to spur a transition to low-carbon solutions, 
investments in renewable energy, and actions to safeguard ecosystems. These also focus on 
embedding eco-design and circular considerations at the early stages of product development.

•  Civil society and consumer activism

•  Investor focus and the expansion 

of impact investing

•  Environmental policy and 
regulatory developments

•  Impending institutional consensus 
on nature-related measurement 
and reporting frameworks

Inequality
Globalization, rapid economic growth and widespread improvements in livelihoods in 
recent decades have failed to close—and have even exacerbated—the deep divides within 
and across countries. Worsening inequalities have in turn triggered civil society to become 
more aware of—and more vocal about—social injustices. Ongoing scrutiny and policy 
developments on issues pertaining to social inequality and human rights have highlighted 
the role business can play by ramping up diversity, equity, equality, and inclusion efforts.

Erosion of trust
Social cohesion and a shared reality founded on facts grounded in science and data are 
increasingly challenged in an ever more digital world. The rising tides of distorted truth, 
misinformation, and polarization also impacts businesses, which cannot succeed in failed 
societies and must work with all stakeholders to foster innovation, develop solutions, and 
drive impact. Companies are expected to demonstrate irreproachable behavior and radical 
transparency, providing trustworthy information on their impacts along their value chain.

•  Civil society and consumer activism

•  Investor focus and expansion of 

impact investing

•  Human rights and other societal 

policy and regulatory 
developments

•  Impending institutional consensus 
on social-related measurement and 
reporting frameworks

•  Mistrust of institutions

•  Political turmoil

•  Diminishing confidence in science

•  Expectation of increased 

transparency

•  Social media platforms

Technological progress
New technologies, including in robotics, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality, are 
emerging rapidly. Companies are implementing automation and digital solutions that 
increase transparency, maximize efficiencies, and create opportunities for robust R&D 
activity and product innovation. Boosted by a rapid flow of data and information, the 
pace of change is unprecedented, with wide-reaching implications across industries. 
Within this context, concerns and risks around data privacy and cybersecurity are on 
the rise, and many actors are working to enhance data and infrastructure protection.

•  Shift to online commercialization 

channels

•  Impact of automation on 

employment

•  Growing availability of data and 

information

•  Cybersecurity and data privacy 

concerns

•  Consumers: Environmentally friendly and circular products
•  Employees and supply chain: Job security and business continuity amid the 

•  Integrated risk assessments and robust GHG emissions 

accounting to define new—and validate existing—strategies

climate crisis

•  Transparent, strategic, and science-based target setting and 

•  Civil society: Greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reductions; Protection and 

disclosure of progress

preservation of natural ecosystems; Resource efficiency

•  Investing in—and developing—scalable solutions that produce 

•  Policymakers and regulators: Science-based approach to target setting and 

co-benefits for climate and nature

related disclosures; Environmental welfare; Environmental regulation 
enforcement

•  Supporting and partnering with experts, science-based 

initiatives, and advocacy organizations

•  Shareholders: Future-proof business model; Useful environmental 

disclosures; Low-carbon solutions; Investments in renewable energy

•  Consumers: Inclusive and equal access to solutions, products, and services; 

•  Expanding the scope of human rights impact assessment

Socially responsible products

•  Promoting living incomes and wages throughout the value 

•  Employees and supply chain: Inclusive and equal access to opportunities; 

chain

Workplace free from discrimination and harassment; Equal pay and living wage 

•  Civil society: Climate justice; Access to jobs
•  Policymakers and regulators: Social welfare, including access to meaningful 

jobs and protection of human rights

•  Shareholders: Organizations free from human rights controversies that 
appropriately manage governance concerns around inequalities in the 
workplace

•  Collaborating across the value chain and broader business 
community to address inequalities in our supply chain

•  Providing a workplace where employees have equal pay for 
equal work, equal access to opportunities and are free from 
discrimination and harassment

•  Consumers: Transparency on the impact of products and operations on 
health, society, and the environment; Scientifically substantiated claims

•  Revised and expanded Statement of Purpose

•  Explicitly linked financing instruments to ESG performance

•  Employees and supply chain: Strong company culture; Clear business 

•  Reporting against most relevant and widely used sustainability 

purpose

standards to promote transparency

•  Civil society and supply chain: Traceability; Alignment of priorities with 

•  Developed an ESG KPI Protocol with a path to provide full 

public benefit; Transparency

•  Policymakers and regulators: Standards and norms for quality and 

robustness of data and related requirements for increased transparency

•  Shareholders: Consistent, reliable, and comparable ESG data and useful 

information

assurance on nonfinancial data 

•  Introduced model to link ESG performance transparently and 

objectively to executive compensation

•  Consumers: Consumer data protection; R&D for new solutions and better 

products

•  Employees and supply chain: Adapting workforce skills and capabilities; Job 

security; Protection of employee data

•  Investing in new technologies and acquisitions to accelerate 
our company’s transformation, expand smoke-free product 
offerings, and drive progress on sustainability priority areas

•  Data-based decision-making and investment in targeted 

•  Civil society and supply chain: Increased supply chain connectivity, 

operational improvements

transparency, and efficiency through emerging technologies

•  Strengthening cybersecurity and data privacy policies and 

•  Policymakers and regulators: Data protection and prevention of 
cybersecurity threats; Policymaking on technology and innovation

•  Shareholders: Companies leverage technological advancements to drive 

product innovation, commercialization, and operational efficiency

practices

•  Employee lifelong learning and upskilling offers

Capitals:

Human

Manufactured

Intellectual

Natural

Social

Financial

20

21

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Industry trends

Market trends

Overview of the global nicotine business

Products within the global tobacco and nicotine 
business market fall into three main categories: 
combustible products, smoke-free products, and 
therapeutic cigarette replacement alternatives (often 
known as nicotine replacement therapies or NRTs).

• Combustible products (e.g., cigarettes, 

fine-cut tobacco, pipe tobacco, cigars, and 
cigarillos) burn tobacco to deliver nicotine.

• Smoke-free products deliver nicotine without 
combustion. These products include heated 
tobacco (also known as heat-not-burn), e-vapor, 
hybrid products (combining features of heated 
tobacco and e-vapor products), and oral 
tobacco and nicotine products such as snus and 
nicotine pouches. By eliminating combustion, 
these products present, or have the potential 
to present, less risk of harm to adults who 
switch to them versus continued smoking.

• Therapeutic cigarette replacement alternatives, 

which include nicotine gum and patches, aim to help 
smokers quit smoking. They deliver nicotine and 
require pharma approval process to be followed; 
further, in some countries, their use is subject 
to prescriptions from medical professionals.

Prevalence of tobacco smoking worldwide

Combustible products currently represent the largest 
share of the global nicotine market, with cigarettes 
remaining the dominant tobacco product used by 
nicotine consumers worldwide. The prevalence of 
smoking is decreasing steadily around the globe, 
supported by public health policies and strategies 
focused on discouraging initiation and encouraging 
cessation. Despite this, an estimated 1.1 billion 
people worldwide still smoke cigarettes, and due 
to population growth, that number is projected to 
remain relatively stable for the foreseeable future.1

1  WHO Global Report on Trends in Prevalence of Tobacco Smoking 2015.
2  WHO Global Report on Trends in Prevalence of Tobacco Use 

2000-2025, third edition (December 2019).

3  Estimates based on PMI financials and third-party sources (including 

Euromonitor International).

Projected number of smokers in 2025

The World Health Organization (WHO) projects 
a decline in smoking prevalence (age 15+), from 
21.5 percent in 2010 to an estimated 17.1 percent 
in 2025.2 At the same time, the global adult 
population is growing by around 70 million people 
per year. The net effect of this population growth 
and declining smoking prevalence is a forecast of 
just under 1.1 billion smokers in 2025—essentially 
the same as in 2010. Even if the faster reduction 
in smoking prevalence that WHO member 
states are targeting is achieved (i.e., a 30 percent 
reduction in the prevalence of tobacco use 
by 2025 versus 20101), we estimate there will 
still be around 930 million smokers in 2025.

Emergence of smoke-free alternatives³

In recent years, the development, commercialization, 
and subsequent adoption of various smoke-
free products have led to rapid growth of the 
category. Overall, we estimate this segment grew 
by 3 points since 2018 to reach over 7 percent 
of the international nicotine retail value (which 
excludes China and the U.S.) in 2021.

R&D on smoke-free products that do not involve 
combustion, including pouches, e-cigarettes, and 
heated tobacco, extends back more than two 
decades. These efforts were driven by a combination 
of increased awareness of the harms of smoking, 
evolving technologies, discoveries of different ways 
to deliver nicotine, and a better understanding of 
behaviors connected to smoking. The reduced risk 
potential of these products, coupled with their 
availability and increased acceptability, is leading 
smokers to switch away from combustible tobacco 
products and never come back to smoking. The 
potential of smoke-free products to contribute 
to reducing population harm and, eventually, 
benefit public health, has led to the introduction of 
progressive public health strategies based on the 
concept of tobacco harm reduction. These strategies 
successfully complement traditional efforts, which 
encourage cessation and discourage initiation, 
in accelerating smoking prevalence decline. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Heated tobacco products have been commercialized 
for many years but did not gain commercial traction 
until the introduction and world-wide expansion of 
IQOS. Following this technological breakthrough, 
other companies also began to commercialize heated 
tobacco products. The heat-not-burn segment 
volume grew in the international market (which 
excludes China and the U.S.) at a compound annual 
growth rate (CAGR) of over 29 percent between 2018 
and 2021, driven both by increased adoption in the 
first launch markets as well as geographical expansion. 
This category is the largest smoke-free category 
by both retail value and volume in the international 
market (which excludes China and the U.S.).

The e-cigarette was invented in 2003 in China, 
and—after more than a decade of relatively 
limited success—the broader e-vapor category 
has recorded significant growth, particularly in the 
U.S., Canada, and certain European markets.

The oral tobacco product category volume, including 
products containing tobacco leaf (e.g., chewing 
tobacco, snuff) and modern products such as nicotine 
pouches, grew to reach almost 29 percent CAGR 
over the past three years in the international market, 
boosted by the significant growth of oral nicotine 
pouches. Nicotine pouches have emerged as credible 
smoke-free products in recent years, most notably in 
markets with a history of oral tobacco consumption, 
such as the U.S. and Scandinavia. While the category 
remains small outside these markets, it is growing. 

Within the nicotine industry, the strong growth 
of smoke-free products over the past three 
years, including heat-not-burn and e-vapor, 
is replacing combustible products. 

Industry volume split 2018–2021

Of which 

2% 

are heated tobacco  
products

Of which 

4% 

are heated tobacco  
products

Combustible products

Smoke-free products

2018

 2021

96% 93%

4%

7%

2018

2021

Note: See glossary. Data exclude China and the U.S.

22

23

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Competition

As in other consumer goods sectors, manufacturers 
in the tobacco industry compete primarily on product 
quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, taste and 
sensory experience, R&D, packaging, customer 
service, marketing, advertising, and retail price.

Smoke-free products
There is increasing competition in relation to 
smoke-free products, with tobacco manufacturers 
shifting their resources toward the development, 
acquisition, and commercialization of such products, 
particularly heated tobacco products, e-vapor 
products, and nicotine pouches. Beyond this, 
some manufacturers are entering into strategic 
collaborations to explore growth opportunities in 
products that do not contain tobacco or nicotine.

To date, competition in the heated tobacco category 
is primarily among manufacturers of combustible 
tobacco products. With regard to e-vapor, the 
“open” products category (products which feature a 
chamber that can be refilled with e-liquid) is heavily 
fragmented and relatively commoditized among small 
or local manufacturers. In contrast, global tobacco 
manufacturers are increasingly present in the “closed” 
products category (with disposable products or 
reloadable systems with prefilled cartridges), which 
is evolving rapidly with a number of startups.

Our global market share 2021, including  
cigarettes and heated tobacco units

Oral tobacco and oral nicotine products are mainly 
produced by the major tobacco manufacturers 
and traditional oral tobacco manufacturers. Key 
players are building internal capabilities in the 
oral tobacco and nicotine segment or acquiring 
smaller existing players in this category.

Despite advances in science and technology, the 
business strategy of all international cigarette 
manufacturers—with the exception of PMI—
is focused on continuing to grow cigarette 
sales, while expanding their portfolios to offer 
(in addition) smoke-free alternatives.

Combustible cigarettes
The global combustible cigarette sector includes 
four large international manufacturers—British 
American Tobacco (BAT), Japan Tobacco (JT), Imperial 
Brands (IMB), and PMI—along with two major 
manufacturers focused primarily on their respective 
domestic markets: The China National Tobacco 
Corporation (CNTC) in China and Altria Group, Inc. 
in the U.S. (Altria is the parent company of Philip 
Morris USA, which operates exclusively in the U.S. 
and is not affiliated with Philip Morris International).

BAT

IMB

JT

PMI

CNTC

Altria Group, Inc.

Other

~11%

~3%

~8%

13.8%

~46%

~2%

~16%

PMI

13.8%

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our perspective at PMI

At PMI, we aim to base our success on a future 
in which we no longer make or sell cigarettes, 
the most harmful form of nicotine consumption. 
In stark contrast with our competitors, PMI’s 
value proposition is not to expand its portfolio 
of both combustible and smoke-free products 
and offer more choice to consumers. Our goal 
is to lead an industry-wide transformation 
whereby cigarettes are phased out completely. 

Our strategy is centered on researching and 
developing better products, promoting broad 
access to them, and working to ensure these 
products replace cigarettes and make smoking 
obsolete. To achieve this, we are actively 
shifting and reallocating resources, setting 
ambitious goals connected to this strategy, 
and transparently reporting on our progress. 

By 2025, we expect that less than 50 percent 
of our adjusted net revenues will derive 
from cigarette sales. In 2021, PMI smoke-
free products represented 29.1 percent 
of our annual adjusted net revenues and 
12.8 percent of our total shipment volume.

Growing interest in the smoke-free product 
category from other companies could be 
an opportunity and lead to the acceleration 
of the global smoke-free agenda.

As recent investments demonstrate, our long-term 
plan extends beyond smoke-free into products 
outside the tobacco and nicotine space. Our 2021 
acquisitions of Fertin Pharma, OtiTopic, and Vectura 
will allow us to better leverage PMI’s capabilities, 
accelerate the pace of our transformation, and 
cement the foundation of our future in wellness 
and healthcare—all with the ultimate goal of 
having a net positive impact on society.

PMI total international share (in %)

Heated tobacco units

Cigarettes

Total:
28.3

2.2

Total:
27.6

3.0

Total:
27.3

3.5

26.1

24.6

23.7

2019

2020

2021

Note: Global market includes China and the U.S. 

Source: PMI financials or estimates.

Source: PMI financials or estimates. International market excludes China and the U.S.

24

25

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our perspective at PMI

For PMI, eliminating the illicit tobacco 
trade has been a long-standing priority. 

We focus our efforts on securing our  
supply chain and protecting our products. 

Read more about our approach 
and progress in 2021 here.

Illicit trade prevention

The increasingly interconnected global economy 
provides more opportunities for criminal 
networks engaged in illicit activities such as the 
sale of counterfeit products, wildlife smuggling, 
narcotics, human trafficking, and excise fraud.

The illicit tobacco trade provides a cheap and 
unregulated supply of tobacco products. It 
undermines efforts to reduce smoking prevalence, 
damages legitimate businesses, stimulates 
organized crime, increases corruption, and 
reduces government tax revenue. It is estimated 
that illicit trade accounts for as much as 10 to 12 
percent of global cigarette consumption and that 
governments worldwide are losing USD 40 to 50 
billion in tax revenues each year as a result.1

Many countries have initiated or are considering 
actions to prevent the illicit trade of tobacco 
products. In 2012, the FCTC adopted the Protocol 
to Eliminate Illicit Trade in Tobacco Products, 
which includes supply chain control measures 
such as licensing, enforcement in free trade zones, 
and the implementation of tracking and tracing 
technologies. The protocol came into force in 
September 2018, and parties to it have started 
implementing its measures via national legislation.

1  U.S. Department of State, The Global Illicit Trade in 
Tobacco: A Threat to National Security, 2015

Regulation and taxation 

The harms associated with smoking have led 
policymakers, legislators, and regulators to 
impose rigorous restrictions on cigarettes, 
including high excise taxes, minimum age 
requirements, and designated areas for use. 
Additional restrictions and mandates apply to 
packaging design and health warnings, ingredients 
and flavors, marketing and advertising, and 
promotions and other forms of sponsorship.

Much of the regulation that shapes the tobacco 
industry’s operating environment is driven by 
the WHO’s Framework Convention on Tobacco 
Control (FCTC) and its MPOWER measures. 
The FCTC has established a global agenda 
to reduce the prevalence of tobacco use and 
nonsmokers’ exposure to tobacco smoke.

For decades, public health strategies to reduce 
tobacco-related morbidity and mortality focused 
primarily on preventing smoking initiation and 
encouraging cessation. With the introduction of 
smoke-free products and the recognition of their 
potential to accelerate the decline of smoking 
prevalence and contribute to public health, the 
need for an updated approach to tobacco regulation 
has become urgent. While there is currently no 
global consensus on how best to regulate or 
tax smoke-free products, a growing number of 
authorities recognize that the risk profile of these 
products differs from cigarettes and so should 
be regulated differently in order to promote their 
adoption as a better alternative for those smokers 
who would otherwise continue to smoke.

Our perspective at PMI

Government regulation of all nicotine-
containing products is essential.

PMI supports a comprehensive approach 
that discourages initiation and promotes 
cessation, supplemented by commonsense 
regulation that encourages adults who smoke 
and would not otherwise quit to switch 
completely to smoke-free alternatives that 
have been scientifically substantiated to be 
a better choice than continued smoking.

We advocate for a comprehensive and risk-
proportionate regulatory framework that 
recognizes that not all tobacco- and nicotine-
containing products are the same. Regulation 
and taxation should subject the most harmful 
products to the most restrictive measures while 
encouraging those adults who would otherwise 
continue to smoke to switch to the less harmful 
alternatives now available. Such an approach 
would significantly accelerate the phasing out of 
combustible products and promote public health.

26

27

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Stakeholder 
engagement

Consumers
Adult smokers and nicotine  
consumers

Stakeholder groups

Why we engage

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Adults who smoke and otherwise would not quit are at the heart of our 
business transformation. We aim to persuade as many of them as possible 
to replace cigarettes with scientifically substantiated better alternatives. 
We do this by taking a consumer-centric approach to developing and 
commercializing better alternatives that meet their preferences and 
needs. We also raise awareness among these adult smokers of smoke-
free products, how they work, and their benefits compared with 
cigarettes so as many as possible will switch to them.

Our employees are drivers of change and the ambassadors of our 
purpose. Their engagement and dedication are essential to making PMI’s 
vision and strategic goals a reality. We continuously communicate with 
and listen to our employees and strive to provide them with opportunities 
for growth and development within an inclusive workplace.

How we engage

•  Digital interfaces

•  Surveys and questionnaires

•  Hotlines and call centers

•  Consumer events

•  Stores and e-commerce

Key topics discussed

•  Product innovation

•  Access to smoke-free products

•  Benefits of smoke-free products compared  

with continued smoking

•  Quality and services

•  Regular surveys

•  Company strategy and performance

•  Group-wide intranet and internal platforms

•  Diversity, equality, equity, and inclusion

•  Performance and development reviews

•  Health and safety

•  Internal events and conferences

•  Mental health and well-being

•  Training programs

•  Recognition schemes

•  Ongoing dialogue

•  Employee resource groups

•  Talent attraction, development, and retention

Many of the people working in our supply chain rely on PMI for a 
substantial portion of their income. PMI aims to treat its suppliers 
fairly and ethically and is dedicated to acting as a good partner to 
other companies, large and small, that help us achieve our ambitions. 
Collaborating with others across our supply chain helps us to address 
social and environmental challenges and make progress against our 
strategic goals.

•  Compliance, audits, and risk assessments

•  Supply and delivery challenges

•  Strategic partnerships

•  Supplier forums and events

•  Opportunities for growth and innovation

•  Environmental and social impact of supply chain

•  Meetings, workshops, and training sessions

•  Responsible commercialization practices

•  On-site visits

•  Digital retailer interface

Engaging with the finance community is key to promoting a 
comprehensive understanding of PMI’s unique value proposition, strategy, 
and performance. Furthermore, investment decisions increasingly 
integrate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) criteria, and we 
are confident in the business opportunity our transformation brings.

•  Annual shareholder meeting

•  Events and conferences

•  Business transformation strategy

•  Financial and ESG performance

•  Earnings calls, Investor Day, and ESG webcasts

•  Market and industry dynamics

•  Presentations, reports and publications

•  Capital allocation

•  Roadshows

•  ESG ratings and rankings

•  Financing instruments

•  Perception studies

•  Governance and remuneration

•  Sustainability priorities

Dialogue with national and local governments and regulators allows us to 
understand their priorities and concerns and share our views, objectives, 
and scientific findings. We engage with governments, regulators, and 
legislators in developing proposed legislation and regulations that may 
impact a smoke-free future. The right regulation would accelerate the end 
of smoking, foster innovation, and minimize unintended consequences.

•  Ongoing dialogue

•  Forums and events

•  Public consultations

•  Reports and publications

•  Trade associations

•  Training and presentations

•  Product health impact and access to smoke-free 

products

•  Regulatory compliance

•  Fiscal and regulatory frameworks

•  Sustainability priorities and performance

Engaging with the public health community is of utmost importance. 
By conducting our R&D with scientific rigor, sharing our findings, and 
asking the community to scrutinize our products and the growing body 
of scientific evidence surrounding them, we aim to engage constructively 
on this topic and collectively seize the immense opportunity smoke-
free products present for advancing public health within the current 
generation of adult smokers.

•  Conferences, forums, and events

•  Product innovation

•  Reports and publications

•  Articles and studies

•  Product health impacts

•  Scientific research

•  Dedicated scientific website (PMIscience.com)

•  Online platforms for data transparency and 

reproducibility in science

•  Applications and submissions

Employees
Employees, management, work 
councils, trade unions

Supply chain and  
business partners
Farmers and farmworkers, farmers’ 
associations, contractors, suppliers, 
wholesalers, business partners, third 
party-operated manufacturers

Finance community
PMI shareholders, equity and 
fixed income investors, lending 
institutions, insurance companies, 
financial analysts, rating agencies

Regulators
Policymakers, intergovernmental 
organizations, regulatory bodies, 
standard setters, government 
authorities (including legislators), 
customs organizations

Public health community
Scientific community, academia, 
researchers, public health agencies

Civil society
Academia, local communities, civil society 
organizations, NGOs, multistakeholder 
organizations and initiatives, media

From best practices and information exchanges to close partnerships, 
engaging with civil society actors helps inform our strategy, define our 
priorities, and advance sustainable solutions to common challenges.

•  Partnerships

•  Communication campaigns

•  Social contributions

•  Open dialogue

•  Sustainability priorities and performance

•  Business transformation

•  Product innovation

28

29

PMI regards stakeholder engagement 
as fundamental to the creation of 
shared and sustainable value.

While PMI’s transformation is unwavering, we 
recognize that we cannot complete the journey 
alone. The kind of systemic change PMI is driving 
can only be achieved through a collaborative 
multistakeholder approach, a fact we recognize 
in our Statement of Purpose. PMI’s reputation 
is based on the perceptions of its various 
stakeholders. Our ability to build and maintain 
trust and legitimacy relies on consistency and 
coherence—on ensuring our words match our 
actions. Remaining open to dialogue with our 
stakeholders allows us to understand their 
expectations and respond accordingly. Continuous 
engagement also allows us to build a shared 
understanding of contingency issues, proactively 
respond to concerns, identify potential areas of 
compromise, stay abreast of global trends and 
market expectations, and find solutions that are 
good for our stakeholders and business. We are 
committed to driving transparent and responsible 
change, and continuously work to earn the 
trust and confidence of our stakeholders. 

Our periodic sustainability materiality 
assessments provide us with valuable insights 
and allow us to gauge the relevance of 
different topics for key stakeholder groups. 

Our stakeholder engagement incorporates 
both structured and ad hoc interactions. Above 
all, it is guided by transparency, integrity, and 
respect and governed by our Guidebook 
for Success and its accompanying policies 
(“Principles and Practices”), summarized in this 
overview of our engagement principles.

Constructive dialogue is essential to moving 
society forward. To achieve the collective 
action required to solve the world’s most 
pressing challenges, we must include all voices, 
bringing together people with differing opinions, 
scrutinizing facts, and finding common ground 
upon which to build. Read more here on the 
value of embracing dialogue to disarm hate. 

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

S T R AT E G Y

Transforming for good 

– Our business transformation 

– PMI’s Business Transformation Metrics 

– Anchoring sustainability at the core of our strategy 

– Setting ambitions and targets 

Our 2025 Roadmap 

PMI Sustainability Index 

Creating value 

Letter from our Chief Sustainability Officer 

Corporate governance and management 

Risk management 

32

32

34

38

44

46

47

48

50

52

56

30

31

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Transforming for good

We are striving to become a company  
that has a net positive impact on society.

This ambition starts with researching, developing, 
and commercializing less harmful alternatives to 
cigarettes for those adults who otherwise would 
continue to smoke, ultimately allowing us to phase 
out cigarettes and become a fully smoke-free 
business. As a next step, we are expanding our 
offerings to include products that fill critical unmet 
needs within the wellness and healthcare space.

To achieve our purpose, a radical transformation 
of our business is required. Our strategy is to 
responsibly transition from a cigarette company 
into a world-leading smoke-free business while 
simultaneously exploring adjacent avenues of 
growth in wellness and healthcare. Our North Star 
is to create a net positive impact that benefits our 
company, shareholders, consumers, and society.

Our business transformation

Transforming our company is not only about 
substituting one product with a new one. It also 
requires transforming our entire value chain, as 
well as the way we engage with society. This 
requires a holistic review and overhaul of our 
entire business model and value proposition, 
which brings with it new opportunities as well as 
challenges throughout all aspects of our business.

Sustainability stands at the core of PMI’s 
transformation and helps address some of the 
challenges resulting from the transition, while spurring 
innovation and better positioning the company for 
success over the long haul. The complexity of our 
strategy comes from simultaneously managing the 
impacts of two value chains—the one we are aiming to 
move away from (our cigarette portfolio) and the one 
we are moving towards (our smoke-free portfolio)—
while also managing the impacts of the transition itself.

Product transformation portfolio

Supporting  
transformation

Growth  
priorities  

Emerging  
opportunities  

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

While a transformation of this magnitude and complexity is not achieved overnight,  
we are committed to making it happen as fast as possible.

Product  
transformation

Innovating for 
better products

Internal  
transformation

A new organization  
and value chain

The most visible part of our transformation is that related to our product lines. 
Over the past decade and a half, we have harnessed scientific and technological 
advances to develop alternatives to cigarettes that are scientifically 
substantiated to be a better choice for adult smokers than continued smoking. 
Now, while continuing to improve and expand our portfolio, we are working to 
raise awareness about the benefits of these products in relation to continued 
smoking, which contributes to increasing access by adult smokers. In 2016, 
our company established its purpose: to phase out cigarettes by replacing 
them with less harmful alternatives as quickly as possible to achieve a smoke-
free future. With strong progress toward becoming a majority smoke-free 
company by 2025 in terms of net revenues, we are beginning to explore 
adjacent avenues of growth that will take our business into wellness and 
healthcare, with an eye to fulfilling unmet consumer and patient needs.

Since announcing our transformation, we have undergone a meaningful 
reorganization, and helped our employees build the skills and capabilities 
needed to contribute fully to our business transition, while also investing in 
recruiting new talent and acquiring the capabilities needed to drive a successful 
transformation. Read our case study on expanding our value creation model 
here.

We have also incorporated new ways of working to become an increasingly 
digitalized, project-based organization, focused on consumer centricity, agility,  
and data-driven decision-making.

Beyond our own operations, every step of our value chain is being transformed 
to serve our company purpose. We recognize the challenges these changes 
pose and are actively helping all those impacted by our transformation (in our 
direct and indirect operations) to best manage the transition.

External  
transformation

Changing the way we  
engage with stakeholders

The way we engage with external stakeholders is critical to achieving our 
purpose. Our ability to successfully transform depends not solely on us—
working together with different parts of society, we can create a paradigm  
shift where cigarettes become obsolete. 

Continuous engagement also allows us to build a shared understanding of 
contingency issues, proactively respond to concerns, identify potential areas 
of compromise, and find solutions that are good for our stakeholders, as well 
as for our business and long-term success. Read more about our stakeholder 
engagement efforts here.

32

33

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

PMI’s Business Transformation 
Metrics

We realize that business transformation is a 
very company-specific journey, which ESG 
reporting standards do not properly capture.

To make our progress both measurable and verifiable, 
we developed our Business Transformation 
Metrics, a set of bespoke key performance 
indicators (KPIs) composed of both financial and 
nonfinancial metrics. They showcase how we are 
allocating resources away from our traditional 
cigarette business as we advance toward a future 
in which we no longer make or sell cigarettes.

By reporting periodically on these KPIs, we enable 
external scrutiny and allow our stakeholders to assess 
both the pace and scale of our transformation. Over 
the years, in response to stakeholder feedback, we 
have significantly expanded the number of metrics 
to increase transparency and clarity about our 
progress. We review them periodically to ensure 
we continue reporting on meaningful indicators. 
In 2021, we evolved our reporting efforts to 
broaden access to smoke-free products worldwide, 
by introducing an indicator on the number of 
low- and middle- income markets where smoke-
free products are available for sale, replacing our 
previous reporting on non-OECD markets. 

PLACEHOLDER IMAGE

Although year-on-year progress is important to 
monitor and disclose, sometimes the magnitude of the 
pace and scale of our progress is lost. Because of that, 
we have introduced a baseline approach, whereby 
we can highlight to our stakeholders the sizable 
cumulative progress that we have made to date. Pre-
transformation (in 2015), our combustible product 
volume totaled 881 billion units, or 99.9 percent of 
our shipment volume ratio, and, since then it has 
declined by 26 percent. Over the same period, our 
smoke-free shipment volume increased from 1 billion 
units to more than 95 billion units and represented 
12.8 percent of our shipment volume in 2021.

Aspirational goals linked to our Business 
Transformation Metrics give us a clear 
roadmap and offer our stakeholders visibility 
into the future we are working toward.

By 2025, we aim to become a predominantly smoke-
free company, generating more than 50 percent 
of our total net revenues from non-combustible 
products. Within the same time horizon, we aspire 
to grow our annual smoke-free shipment volume 
to over 250 billion units, while simultaneously 
decreasing our combustible product shipment volume 
to below 550 billion units. This means we aspire 
for smoke-free products to represent more than 
30 percent of our total shipment volume by 2025, 
and for our combustible product shipment volume 
to decrease by around 40 percent by 2025 versus 
a 2015 baseline. We also aim for our smoke-free 
products to be available for sale in 100 markets by 
2025, with more than 50 percent of these being 
low- and middle-income markets, and for at least 40 
million adults to switch to them and stop smoking. 
Finally, we introduced in 2021 a new aspiration to 
generate at least USD 1 billion in annual net revenues 
from wellness and healthcare products by 2025.

Looking ahead

In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets 
to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and 
achievable, in the context of a dynamic and evolving 
smoke-free industry. In particular, we will account 
for the learnings that we have gathered since setting 
some of these aspirations in the early stages of our 
smoke-free journey. We will also assess and reflect 
the impact of recent external factors—including 
the COVID-19 pandemic and Russia’s invasion of 
Ukraine, where applicable. We intend to communicate 
any related changes within the next year.

Business Transformation Metrics

Adjusted R&D expenditure (in millions USD)¹*
Adjusted R&D expenditure ratio (smoke-free/total)¹*
Number of R&D positions (FTEs)²
Patents granted in IP5 jurisdictions relating to 
smoke-free products (cumulative, since 2015)³
Number of studies completed by PMI on smoke-
free products (cumulative, since 2015)

D
&
R

Toxicological assessment
Clinical assessment 
Perception and behavior (premarket and post-market)

&
g
n
i
c
r
u
o
S

s
n
o
ti
a
r
e
p
O

Supply chain direct spend expenditure ratio (smoke-free/total)⁴
Cumulative investment behind smoke-free 
products (since 2008, in billions USD)⁵
Number of factories producing smoke-free 
products out of total number of factories⁶*

n
o
ti
a
z
i
l

a
i
c
r
e
m
m
o
C

Year-on-year change in number of 
SKUs—combustible products⁷
Year-on-year change in number of SKUs—smoke-free products⁷
SKUs ratio (smoke-free/total)
Number of markets where smoke-free 
products are available for sale⁸*
Proportion of markets where smoke-free products are 
available for sale that are low- and middle-income markets⁹*
Number of IQOS stores¹⁰
Number of retailers that sell PMI smoke-free 
product consumables (in thousands)
Commercial (marketing) expenditure ratio (smoke-free/total)*
Smoke-free product shipment volume (billion units)*
Combustible product shipment volume (billion units)*
Change in combustible product shipment 
volume (billion units) vs. 2015 baseline¹¹*
Smoke-free product shipment ratio (smoke-free/total)¹¹*

s Total number of users of PMI smoke-
r
e
m
u
s
n
o
C

free products (in millions)¹²*
Estimated number of users who have switched to PMI 
smoke-free products and stopped smoking (in millions)¹²*

s
e
u
n
e
v
e
R

Adjusted net revenues ratio (smoke-free/total)¹³*
Number of markets where adjusted net revenues from smoke-
free products exceed 10% of adjusted total net revenues¹³*
Number of markets where adjusted net revenues from smoke-
free products exceed 50% of adjusted total net revenues¹³*
Annual net revenue from wellness and 
healthcare products (in billions USD)

* 

The 2021 metrics marked with an asterisk (*) are subject to PwC’s Assurance Report 
(see page 245).

Notes: 

Smoke-free products include heated tobacco units, e-cigarettes, snus, and nicotine pouches. Total 
products include smoke-free products, cigarettes, and other combustible products.

In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and 
achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke-free industry. See page 34.

1  R&D expenditure in wellness and healthcare is included in both smoke-free and total R&D 

expenditures. Adjusted R&D expenditure excludes asset acquisition cost related to OtiTopic, 
Inc. in 2021. Total reported R&D expenditure in 2021 including these items amounted to USD 
617 million.
 R&D positions include scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff. Comparable data for 
years prior to 2018 are not available as the scope of R&D positions changed following company 
organizational changes.
 IP5 jurisdictions are Europe (patents granted by the European Patent Office), China, South 
Korea, Japan, and the U.S.
 Direct spend focuses on materials used in the manufacture of our products; it includes tobacco 
leaf, direct materials, and electronic devices and accessories.
 Investments reflect research, product and commercial development, production capacity, 
scientific substantiation, and studies on adult smoker understanding. Figure does not include 
commercial deployment costs.

2 

3 

4 

5 

2015 
Baseline

423
70%
n/a

n/a

n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a

2.4

2025 
Aspirations

2019

465
98%
942

740

2020

495
99%
934

2021

566
99%
981

1,300

1,770

109
19

203
24
13 (9 + 4) 30 (15 + 15) 44 (25 + 19)

146
22

35%

7.2

33%

8.1

35%

9.2

2 out of 48

8 out of 38

8 out of 39

8 out of 38

100

>50%

>250
<550

~(40%)
>30%

>40

>50%

≥1

(6%)
26%
10%

52

35%
199

679
71%
60
732

(5%)
38%
14%

64

41%
259

748
76%
76
654

3%
42%
18%

71

43%
274

812
73%
95
650

(17.0%)
7.6%

(25.8%)
10.4%

(26.3%)
12.8%

n/a
n/a
3%

7

33%
n/a

n/a
8%
1
881

n/a
0.1%

0.2

0.1

13.5

9.6

18.3

13.0

0.2%

18.7%

23.8%

0

0

n/a

31

4

n/a

38

6

n/a

21.7

15.3

29.1%

47

10

0.1

6 

 Data reflect the number of factories operated and owned by PMI at the end of the respective 
year. Number of factories fully or partially dedicated to smoke-free products includes seven 
factories related to heated tobacco unit production and one factory related to e-vapor 
consumables production. 2021 figures exclude one factory dedicated to wellness and 
healthcare products owned by Fertin.
 SKUs stands for stock-keeping units. References to the number of SKUs are based on the latest 
available data and categorization of our product portfolio into SKUs, therefore minor 
restatements in previous years’ data is reflected. The figures exclude China and the U.S. 
8  Data reflect the status by the end of respective year. 2021 data excludes Belarus and the U.S.
9  Excluding PMI Duty Free. Data reflect the status by the end of respective year. 2021 data 

7 

excludes Belarus and the U.S. For definition of low- and middle-income markets, see glossary. 

10  Includes flagship stores and small, large, and temporary boutiques.
11  These indicators are calculated based on millions of units.
12  These metrics are excluding PMI Duty Free and reflect the estimated number of legal age 
(minimum 18 years) users of PMI IQOS heat-not-burn product (see glossary). In 2021, we 
evolved our methodology to estimate the total number of users of PMI smoke-free products, in 
order to better reflect the number of users for which PMI HTU represented at least a portion of 
their daily tobacco consumption over the past seven days. 2020 data was restated accordingly. 
Unavailability of sufficiently granular data did not enable us to restate figures for years prior to 
2020. We also fine-tuned our methodology to estimate the number of users who have switched 
to PMI smoke-free products and stopped smoking, in order to reflect the conversion rate of our 
total user base at year-end, and restated 2020 data accordingly.

13  Data reflect the status by the end of respective year. 2021 adjusted net revenues exclude the 
impact related to the Saudi Arabia customs assessments. 2021 revenues from wellness and 
healthcare (USD 101 million) are included in both smoke-free and total adjusted net revenues. 
See glossary.

34

35

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our value chain transformation
Our value chain transformation

SOURCING

OPER ATIONS

COMMERCIALIZATION

CONSUMERS & REVENUES

We were 

2015

>350,000

Tobacco farmers contracted  
by PMI and our suppliers in 
28 Countries

2 /48

Factories partially or fully 
dedicated to manufacturing 
smoke-free products

USD 423 m 

Adjusted R&D expenditure

70% 

Of adjusted R&D expenditure 
related to smoke-free products 

7

0.1%

0.2 m

0.2%

Markets where PMI 
smoke-free products 
are available for sale

Of total shipment volume related 
to smoke-free products

Users of PMI  
smoke-free products

Of net revenues from  
smoke-free products

1 bn units smoke-free 
product shipment volume
881 bn units combustible  
product shipment volume 

1

Smoke-free electronic 
product commercialized

Transitioning from a mainly agricultural 
supply chain to an increasingly diversified 
one, including electronics sourcing

Reallocating R&D expenditure towards 
smoke-free product innovation and scientific 
capabilities, while reorienting manufacturing 
toward smoke-free products

Moving from B2B to a consumer-centric  
model to commercialize smoke-free products

Shifting revenue source from majority 
cigarettes to majority smoke-free products 
while addressing post-consumer waste

We are

2021

>250,000

Tobacco farmers contracted  
by PMI and our suppliers in 
21 Countries

8/38

USD 566 m 

Adjusted R&D expenditure

Factories partially or fully 
dedicated to manufacturing  
smoke-free products

99% 

Of adjusted R&D expenditure 
related to smoke-free products

71

12.8%

Markets where PMI 
smoke-free products 
are available for sale

Of total shipment volume related 
to smoke-free products

95 bn units smoke-free 
product shipment volume
650 bn units combustible  
product shipment volume 

21.7 m

Users of PMI smoke-
free products, of whom 
15.3 m are estimated 
to have switched and 
stopped smoking

29.1%

Of adjusted net revenues 
from smoke-free products

35% 

Of direct supply chain 
spend related to 
smoke-free products

10

Smoke-free devices and 
over 40 taste variants for 
PMI heated tobacco units

62,000

Electronic smoke-free  
devices refreshed  
or repaired

We will be

2025 aspirations

100 

Markets where PMI  
smoke-free products 
are available for sale

>50% 

Markets where PMI 
smoke-free products are 
available for sale that are 
low-and middle- income

<550 

Combustible product  
shipment volume  
(bn units)

>250 

Smoke-free product 
shipment volume 
(bn units)

>30% 

Smoke-free product 
shipment ratio 
(smoke-free/total)

~40%

≥USD 1 bn 

>50%

>40 m

Reduction in combustible 
product shipment 
volume v 2015

Net revenues from wellness 
& healthcare products

Adjusted net revenues 
from smoke-free products

Estimated number of users who 
have switched to PMI smoke-free 
products & stopped smoking

Note: In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable, in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke-free industry. We intend to develop  
a new 2025 aspiration related to the total number of users of PMI smoke-free products. See page 35 for complete Business Transformation metrics and 2025 aspirations with accompanying footnotes.

36

37

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Anchoring sustainability  
at the core of our strategy

We can only achieve our purpose by 
embedding sustainability in all we do.

For PMI, sustainability is more than just a means 
to minimize negative externalities and mitigate 
risks while maximizing operational efficiency and 
resource optimization. We see it as a fundamental 
opportunity for innovation, growth, and purpose-
led, impact-driven, long-term value creation. 
Accordingly, we work hard to integrate sustainability 
into every aspect of our business and activities.

We dedicated much of 2021 to strengthening 
and fine-tuning our approach to sustainability and 
furthering its integration across our company. We 
describe in this section our recent sustainability 
materiality assessment, our revamped ESG 
framework, sustainability strategy, and 2025 
Roadmap. We also include details about our 
new Sustainability Index and accompanying 
ESG KPI Protocol. We expect these instruments 
to guide our work and add sophistication to 
our strategy, performance, and disclosures.

Purpose, Value,  
& Impact

Technology,  
Innovation &  
Growth

Operational  
& Resource  
Efficiency

Mitigating  
Risk &  
Compliance

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right focus

A robust sustainability materiality analysis allows 
us to identify, assess, and prioritize ESG topics. By 
feeding findings from these regular assessments 
into our strategy, targets, KPIs, and reporting, we 
are able to keep pace with external and internal 
developments and ensure our strategy addresses 
those areas in which we can have the most 
significant impact. Our 2021 sustainability materiality 
assessment, conducted in the second half of the 
year, helped identify those ESG topics that we 
should focus on. In line with the principle of double 
materiality, it consisted of a five-pronged approach 
that included evaluating both outward and inward 
impacts and considering stakeholder expectations.

1

2

3

4

5

1. Identifying ESG topics
Identifying all potentially relevant ESG topics 
and compiling them in a long list of topics

2. Gathering stakeholder perspectives
Collecting the perspectives of our stakeholders 
through in-depth interviews and a quantitative survey

3. Assessing outward impacts
Evaluating PMI’s impact on society and the 
planet at various stages of our value chain

4. Assessing inward impacts
Evaluating the potential impacts of ESG 
topics on our company’s performance

5. Identifying our most material ESG topics
Building the materiality matrix, based on 
feedback from our stakeholders and the results 
of our impact assessments, and identifying 
those areas on which we should focus

Valuing impacts

In support of the creation of a global impact 
measurement and valuation standard monetizing 
and disclosing impacts of corporate activities, 
PMI joined other companies in 2019 to co-found 
the Value Balancing Alliance (VBA), a nonprofit 
organization. Impact valuation can help companies 
identify, understand, improve, and demonstrate the 
benefits and costs of their activities to society and 
the environment, translated into monetary terms.

We leveraged insights gathered during our first 
pilot of the VBA methodology conducted in 2020 
to feed into our recent sustainability materiality 
assessment and inform the evaluation of our 
company’s impacts on society and the planet 
(“outward impacts”). At the end of 2021, we 
started piloting the second version of the VBA 
methodology with a set of seven environmental, 
social, and economic topics covering companies’ 
operations and upstream supply chains.

Traditional reporting

Impact measurement and valuation

$

Input
What resources 
have been used 
for business 
activities?

Output
What activities 
have been 
undertaken?

Outcome
What changed 
as a result  
of the business 
activities?

Impact
How does the 
outcome affect 
society?

Value of impact
How do people 
value the change 
in well-being due 
to the impact?

Note: Visual adapted from Value Balancing Alliance, Methodology Impact Statement General Paper, Version 0.1 (February 2021).

38

39

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our sustainability strategy

Our approach to sustainability focuses on 
developing strategies that can successfully address 
the environmental, social, and governance topics 
identified as a priority by our sustainability materiality 
assessment. Accordingly, our strategy crystallizes 
the notion of these two distinct forms of social and 
environmental impacts—those generated by our 
products (what we produce) and those generated 
by our business operations (how we produce).

This approach allows us to appropriately highlight 
that, consistent with our sustainability materiality 
analysis results, addressing the social impacts 
generated by our products is the core of our strategy. 
These are the areas on which we must focus our 
resources, to innovate and develop solutions that can 
contribute to solving some of society’s most pressing 
challenges. This also represents an opportunity for 
growth and our strongest competitive advantage.

The biggest and most pressing negative 
externality our strategy aims to address is the 
health impacts of cigarette smoking. This is the 
most important contribution we can make to 
public health and is the cornerstone of PMI’s 
purpose and business strategy. Addressing this 
critical issue requires a three-part approach:

1. Develop better alternatives to smoking
Research, develop, and commercialize scientifically 
substantiated nicotine-containing products 
that are less harmful than cigarettes

2. Accelerate smoking decline
Provide broad access to adult smokers, who otherwise 
would not quit smoking, to ensure these products 
accelerate the decline of smoking prevalence

3. Make cigarettes obsolete
Purposefully work to ensure these products ultimately 
replace cigarettes, driving their obsolescence

To appropriately reflect the results of our recent 
sustainability materiality analysis, we redesigned our 
ESG framework to better showcase the ESG topics 
we should focus on and prioritize our resources. This 
framework recognizes two distinct forms of issues: 
those that relate to our products (what we produce) 
which are part of the “Product Impact” pillar and those 
related to our business operations (how we produce), 
which are part of the “Operational Impact” pillar. 
We subsequently classified each issue, based on its 
environmental, social, or governance-related nature.

We provide details on the methodology and 
results of our assessment, as well as on our 
updated ESG framework, in our Sustainability 
Materiality Assessment Report 2021.

Priority topics

In the below visual, those topics that require our 
urgent attention and prioritization are highlighted 
in the most brightly colored boxes. These priority 
topics include all topics related to the Product 
Impact pillar: materials and product eco-design; 
post-consumer waste; product health impact; 
sales, marketing, and consumer communications; 
innovation in wellness and healthcare; responsible 
R&D; product reliability; and nicotine science. Our 
priority topics pertaining to our Operational 
Impact pillar include climate; water; biodiversity; 
diversity and inclusion; socioeconomic well-being 
of tobacco-farming communities; human capital 
development; business integrity; respect for 
human rights; and sustainable supply chain 
management.

E

S

G

ENVIRONMENTAL

SOCIAL

GOVERNANCE

Materials and  
product eco-design
–
Post-consumer  
waste

Product health 
 impact
–
Sales, marketing,  
and consumer 
communications
–
Innovation in  
wellness and healthcare

Responsible R&D
–
Product reliability
–
Nicotine science

Climate 
–
Water
–
Biodiversity

Diversity and inclusion
–
Socioeconomic well-
being of tobacco-farming 
communities
–
Human capital 
development

Business integrity
–
Respect for  
human rights
–
Sustainable supply  
chain management

Operational discharge
–
Animal welfare

Labor standards 
–
Health and safety at work
–
Employee well-being
–
Philanthropy

Stakeholder engagement
–
Data privacy
–
Fair fiscal practices

T
C
U
D
O
R
P

T
C
A
P
M

I

L
A
N
O

I

T
A
R
E
P
O

T
C
A
P
M

I

40

41

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Despite its critical importance, achieving a 
smoke-free future is not our final horizon. We are 
simultaneously exploring adjacent opportunities 
for growth in wellness and healthcare, leveraging 
the capabilities we have accrued and developed 
while transforming our business. It is through 
these avenues of growth that we will achieve our 
ultimate goal: becoming a business that has a net 
positive impact on society and the environment.

Our comprehensive strategy also recognizes the 
need to address other ESG issues related to our 
products and business operations. As we accelerate 
our transition from cigarettes to smoke-free products, 
we must also minimize any adverse effects of our 
products on the planet. Our efforts in this area 
include striving to design our products in a way that 
optimizes the use of materials and improves circularity, 
as well as appropriately managing their end-of-life 
to minimize negative environmental impacts.

In parallel, we must responsibly manage the impacts 
of our company’s operations throughout the value 
chain. From a social standpoint, this includes ensuring 
fair treatment and empowerment of our employees 
and improving the lives of people across our supply 
chain. On the environmental front, this means tackling 
climate change and preserving natural ecosystems.

As a result, our approach to sustainability addresses 
our ESG priorities through eight impact-driven 
strategies. Four of these strategies focus on the 
impacts derived from our products and the remaining 
four strategies focus on the impacts derived from 
our business operations. Last, but not least, our 
strategy highlights the importance of governance-
related topics, which cannot be overstated. Our 
company’s policies, rules, and procedures define 
our ability to implement sound strategies that 
successfully address environmental and social issues.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Connectivity and trade-offs between ESG topics

Sustainability challenges do not exist in a 
vacuum. They are often linked, and their 
interdependencies—including the direction of 
causality and magnitude—must be considered 
as we craft appropriate strategies and develop 
programs to address our company’s impacts.

We seek solutions that are mutually reinforcing. 
For instance, our approach to carbon 
compensation—supported by our portfolio of 
climate investments (read more here)—favors 
nature-based solutions in our supply chain that 
remove carbon by restoring and enhancing plants 
and the ecosystem while also providing benefits in 
the areas of biodiversity, water, and social impact.

In other instances, addressing a particular topic may 
limit how we tackle another. For example, the core 
of our smoke-free strategy is to raise awareness 
of smoke-free products among adult smokers and 
broaden access to them. In doing so, however, it 
is critical that we limit our initiatives to minimize 
the risk that our messages will reach unintended 
audiences—namely, nonsmokers and youth. 

Necessary trade-offs such as this often occur 
in the course of our business transformation. 
For instance, the manufacturing processes of 
smoke-free consumables are more resource-
intensive than for cigarettes—a circumstance 
that runs counter to our energy and water 
conservation efforts in our direct operations. 
We are tackling this challenge and improving 
operational efficiency to mitigate and reverse this 
impact (read more here). As another example, the 
growth of our smoke-free business will result in a 
simultaneous decline of our cigarette business. 

While this consequence is fully intended, it also 
necessarily translates into a gradual decrease 
in demand for tobacco leaf, which will have an 
undeniable impact on our contracted farmers. 

We seek to minimize the negative effects 
by improving the socioeconomic well-
being and resilience of tobacco-farming 
communities (read more here).

Given the multifaceted and complex nature 
of sustainable development, trade-offs 
are inherent to decision-making. In some 
circumstances, we are compelled to make 
sacrifices in one sustainability area to obtain 
benefits in another, at least for a period.

In designing our strategies and programs, it is 
vital that we accurately analyze, comprehend, 
and account for situations of forced compromise, 
guided by our sustainability materiality assessment. 
Incorporating three lenses (stakeholder 
perspectives, outward impacts, and inward 
impacts), our sustainability materiality assessment 
serves as a compass with which to calibrate 
and prioritize competing ESG issues. When 
appropriately addressed, some trade-offs can be a 
source of innovation, as such compromises press us 
to come up with novel ways to address the tensions 
that are present. By embedding an integrated 
approach to sustainability within our business, 
we are able to monitor and tackle multiple issues 
simultaneously, identifying effective solutions that 
leverage interdependencies to make progress.

42

43

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Setting ambitions and targets

Progress requires clearly articulated targets 
and accountability for meeting them.

Measuring and reporting on progress is a backward-
looking exercise. To evaluate the effectiveness of 
our approach to sustainability and give clarity to 
both internal and external stakeholders, setting 
clear targets is paramount. It allows us to define our 
direction, align on definitions and measurements of 
success, and hold ourselves accountable for progress.

When we introduced our 2025 Roadmap in our 
first Integrated Report (2019), we did not yet have 
clarity on precisely how we would achieve these 
ambitions. Our recent materiality assessment 
and revamped ESG framework, together with 
the lessons learned from years of program 
implementation, prompted us in 2021 to cast a 
critical eye on our current aspirations and targets.

As a result, we reassessed and redefined our 
roadmap. The intention was twofold: First, we wanted 
to ensure our roadmap was comprehensive, coherent, 
and consistent with our new strategy (based on our 
sustainability materiality results and ESG framework); 
and second, we wanted to evolve our approach to 
target-setting and ensure our goals are connected to 
impact, not merely to strategic inputs. In some cases, 
this has led us to restate our goals to ensure that they 
are meaningful and viable, while remaining ambitious.

The result is a revamped 2025 Roadmap. While 
most goals are not new, they are formulated more 
clearly. Our roadmap now consists of 11 critical 
objectives connected to our eight strategies. This 
revamped guide offers straightforward direction 
to our stakeholders by clearly outlining the social 
and environmental impacts we aim to achieve with 
both our products and our business operations.

To link each goal to specific outcomes and impacts, 
we developed a set of KPIs that precisely articulate 
how to measure progress and define success. These 
19 KPIs constitute our Sustainability Index. Covering 
the full spectrum of our sustainability priorities, the 
index will allow PMI and our stakeholders to track the 
company’s progress toward its goals year-over-year.

In parallel, to increase the robustness of our 
nonfinancial performance data and disclosures, 
we developed a consolidated set of nonfinancial 
standards: PMI’s ESG KPI Protocol. The Protocol 
includes the definition, methodology, and 
scope of each of our main ESG KPIs to ensure 
measurable, verifiable, consistent, and accurate 
reporting on progress. We will make the 
Protocol publicly available over the summer.

2 pillars  
of impact

3 types  
of issue

8  
strategies

11  
goals

19 metrics to  
measure progress 

H OW  W E 
S T RU C T U R E D  
O U R 
S T R AT EG Y

PRODUCT

OPER ATIONAL 

E

S

G

2025  
Roadmap

Sustainability  
Index  SI

19 KPIs

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our 2025 Roadmap

Our roadmap outlines our key goals  
and informs the route of our company’s  
long-term plan. 

PMI’s revised 2025 Roadmap comprises 
11 headline goals, running to the end of 
2025, connected to our eight strategies. 

We believe business can and must help to achieve 
the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted 
by the United Nations’ member states in 2015. 
Accordingly, we explicitly link each of our eight 
priority areas of action to the SDG(s) to which it 
aligns. We identified the SDGs on which we believe 
we can have a real and lasting impact (read more 
about our SDG mapping in our 2021 Sustainability 
Materiality Report). Our SDG Index maps the actions 
and ambitions described throughout this report with 
the relevant SDGs and their respective targets. 

PMI Sustainability Index

Progress on our roadmap is measured with 
a set of key performance indicators that 
collectively form our Sustainability Index.

During 2021, we developed PMI’s Sustainability Index 
to measure and communicate progress against our 
aspirations in a rigorous and quantitative manner, 
using a set of clearly defined and verifiable metrics. 
To better align with shareholder and other stakeholder 
interests, the introduction of this index has allowed 
the Compensation and Leadership Development 
Committee of PMI’s Board of Directors to enhance 
the company’s compensation practices, explicitly 
linking them to sustainability and further ensuring 
a strong link between executive compensation 
and ESG performance (read more here).

PMI’s Sustainability Index comprises 19 KPIs 
that are directly linked to our 11 roadmap goals. 
As with our roadmap, we have split the 19 KPIs 
according to two drivers: “Product Sustainability” 
(11 KPIs) and “Operational Sustainability” (8 KPIs).

To form the Sustainability Index, 
we sought KPIs that were:

• Well defined, allowing for accurate, reliable, and 
consistent measurement of progress over time

• Meaningful, enabling stakeholders to 

assess our company’s progress towards 
its priority sustainability topics

This required us to revise certain KPIs included 
in our former sustainability disclosures. Further, 
applying these criteria led us to introduce new, 
more relevant indicators for inclusion in the index.

We have defined annual targets and performance 
ranges from 2022 to 2025 for each KPI in our 
Sustainability Index. On an annual basis, using these 
predefined target ranges, we will assess and award a 
score to each KPI. Thereafter, using a weight assigned 
to each KPI, the total Sustainability Index score will 
be calculated on a scale from 0 to 150 percent, with 
a target between 90 and 110 percent every year.

The weighting applied to each KPI is informed by the 
results of our sustainability materiality assessment. 
Specifically, we attributed the highest weight to the 
social impacts of our products, where we believe 
our company can have the greatest impact.

Looking ahead

During 2022, we intend to develop a new 2025 
aspiration related to the total number of users of PMI 
smoke-free products. Given the dynamic and evolving 
smoke-free industry, coupled with the potential 
impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine (discussed 
on page 3 of this report) and its potential effects on 
our business over the mid to long term, which remain 
uncertain, we are working to refine this ambition 
and intend to communicate it within the next year.

To better reflect our priorities, as defined by our 
materiality analysis, we also intend to introduce 
two new KPIs to the index, incorporating the 
increasing relevance of water and biodiversity.

44

45

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Our 2025 Roadmap

Goals

Purposefully 
phase out 
cigarettes

Maximize the 
benefits of 
smoke-free 
products

Seek net  
positive impact 
in wellness and 
healthcare

Reduce post-
consumer waste

Foster an 
empowered  
and inclusive 
workplace

Improve the 
quality of life  
of people in our 
supply chain

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

Intentionally work toward phasing out cigarettes 
by ensuring that smoke-free products represent at 
least 30% of our shipment volumes and more than 
half of our net revenues by 2025 while continuing 
to reduce our combustible shipment volume

Develop and commercialize science-based 
smoke-free alternatives, making them available  
in 100 markets (of which at least half in low-  
and middle-income markets) and continuing to 
increase the total number of users

 Deploy robust youth access prevention programs 
in indirect retail channels and ensure that sales  
of our products abide by our Marketing Codes

Leverage scientific and development capabilities 
to generate at least USD 1 billion in annual net 
revenues from products in wellness and 
healthcare

Priority ESG topics 
and primary SDGs

Progress  
in 2021

Product health impact

Product health impact;  
Sales, marketing,  
and consumer communications

Innovation in wellness and 
healthcare

Reduce post-consumer waste and prevent 
littering by implementing comprehensive 
programs covering all our consumables

Materials and product eco-design; 
Post-consumer waste

 Follow eco-design and circularity principles for all 
smoke-free electronic devices

Nurture a more diverse culture that promotes 
equity and inclusion by providing access to 
lifelong learning to all our employees and 
improving gender and local representation in 
management globally

Diversity and inclusion;  
Human capital development

 Eradicate systemic child labor in our tobacco  
supply chain

Socioeconomic well-being of 
tobacco-farming communities

 Ensure all contracted tobacco farmers make a 
living income, and partner with our direct suppliers 
to promote a living wage for their workers

Tackle climate 
change

10

Achieve carbon neutrality in our operations and 
accelerate our decarbonization toward net zero 
across our value chain

Climate

Preserve  
nature

11

Promote biodiversity, address critical water 
challenges, ensure no conversion of natural 
ecosystems, and halt deforestation in both our 
tobacco and pulp and paper supply chains

Biodiversity; Water

T
C
U
D
O
R
P

T
C
A
P
M

I

L
A
N
O

I

T
A
R
E
P
O

T
C
A
P
M

I

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

PMI Sustainability Index

Key performance indicators

2021 
 performance

2025  
aspirations

KPI 
weight

Contribution 
to total  
index score

1

2

3

4

5

6

7

8

9

10

11

Smoke-free product shipment ratio  
(smoke-free/total)

Smoke-free product adjusted net 
revenue ratio (smoke-free/total)

Number of markets where PMI smoke-
free products are available for sale

Proportion of markets where PMI smoke-
free products are available for sale that 
are low- and middle-income markets

Total number of users of PMI’s smoke-
free products (in millions)1

Proportion of shipment volume covered by 
markets with youth access prevention programs 
in place in indirect retail channels.

Annual net revenue from  
wellness and healthcare products  
(in billions USD)

12.8%

>30%

29.1%

>50%

71

100

43%

>50%

21.7

91%

>90%

0.1

≥1

85%

Proportion of shipment volume covered by markets with 
anti-littering programs in place for combustible cigarettes

n/a

≥80%

Proportion of shipment volume covered by 
markets with end-of-life take-back programs 
in place for smoke-free consumables

Proportion of PMI smoke-free devices 
with eco-design certification

Cumulative number of smoke-free electronic devices 
refreshed or repaired since 2021 (in thousands)

9 pilots

≥80%

15%

n/a

62

100%

1,000

Product Sustainability

100%

67%

12

13

14

15

16

17

18

19

Proportion of women in senior roles

Proportion of PMI employees who have access 
to structured lifelong learning offers

 Cumulative number of human rights impact assessments 
conducted since 2018, with findings addressed

 Prevalence of child labor among contracted 
farmers supplying tobacco to PMI

 Proportion of contracted farmers supplying 
tobacco to PMI who make a living income

  Net carbon emissions in scope 1+2 
(in thousands of metric tons)

 Absolute carbon emissions reduction in scope 3 versus 
2019 baseline (in line with science-based target)

  Proportion of tobacco purchased at no risk 
of deforestation of managed natural forest 
and no conversion of natural ecosystems

31.1%

n/a

5

1.8%

35%

70%

10

0%

67%

100%

357

17%

0

25%

37%

100%

50%

50%

Operational Sustainability

SUSTAINABILITY INDEX

100%

33%

100%

Progress with challenges

On track

Progress further than anticipated

1 During 2022, we intend to develop a new 2025 aspiration related to the total number of users of PMI smoke-free products. See page 45.

46

47

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Creating value

Resources and relationships

Human
Our success depends on the dedication, talent, and consumer-centric 
focus of our employees. As of year-end 2021, we directly employed 
68,547 people worldwide. 133 nationalities were represented within 
our workforce, and 42.2 percent of our employees were women.

Intellectual
Innovation is the backbone of our business transformation. We invested 
USD 566 million in adjusted R&D expenditures in 2021, of which 99 percent 
was dedicated to smoke-free products. Innovation also guides improvements 
in our processes, from sourcing to manufacturing, logistics, and sales.

Natural
In 2021, we sourced 291,361 tons of packed tobacco, a material vital to our 
products. Beyond tobacco, we use several other raw materials and natural 
resources such as timber-based products, metals, water, and energy to produce 
our products. We seek to use these efficiently and to source them sustainably.

Manufactured
Our assets—such as our two main R&D centers, 38 factories, more 
than 22,000 vehicles, 36 consumer call centers, and 274 IQOS 
stores—allow us to develop, manufacture, deliver, and commercialize 
our products to meet the demands of our consumers.

Social
Building trust with our stakeholders is essential. We develop and sustain 
relationships with a network of more than 22,000 suppliers, 253,813 
contracted tobacco farmers, around 130 million adult consumers of our 
cigarette brands, and over 21 million users of our smoke-free products. Our 
relationships also extend to the retailers of our products, the communities 
in which we operate, government officials and regulators, nongovernmental 
organizations, and the multistakeholder initiatives in which we participate.

Financial
Our business activities require financial capital, which we strive to 
allocate efficiently to optimize value and drive sustainable growth. The 
capital is provided by our equity and debt holders, as well as by the cash 
flow generated by our operations. Our company’s market capitalization 
as of December 31, 2021, was approximately USD 148 billion, and 
PMI’s debt was USD 27.8 billion. At that time, PMI’s long-term credit 
was rated A by Standard & Poor’s and Fitch and A2 by Moody’s. 

Key activities

Our mission

Seek net positive impact as we 
accelerate the end of smoking and 
evolve into a broader lifestyle, consumer 
wellness, and healthcare company.

What we do
Transition away from a cigarette company into 
a world-leading smoke-free business while 
simultaneously exploring adjacent avenues of growth.

How we do it
While PMI’s presence in different markets  
takes diverse forms, the key activities  
and drivers on which PMI operates 
around the world include:

• Ownership and licensing of  

trademarks and intellectual property:  
Intellectual property allows PMI to  
differentiate its offerings from the  
competition, and is key to communicating 
product information to the consumer,  
including meeting consumer needs,  
such as the quality, taste, image, 
and value of the product.

• Product manufacturing:  

The manufacturing of PMI products  
involves different stages, from the sourcing 
of tobacco leaf and other materials, as 
well as smoke-free electronic devices, 
to the production process for cigarettes 
and smoke-free consumables.

• Commercialization  

(marketing and distribution):  
Once products are manufactured  
under the relevant trademarks, they are 
commercialized in different geographies 
through various activities, including 
distribution, marketing, merchandising, 
trade, and consumer engagement.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We harness our purpose and strategy to create value for our stakeholders through the deliberate  
allocation of our human, intellectual, natural, manufactured, social, and financial capital.

Value created 

Human
• Reached a total of 21.7 million users of PMI smoke-free 

products, of whom an estimated 15.3 million have 
stopped smoking and switched

Natural
• Reduced total value chain CO2e emissions (scope 1+2+3) by 
18% and emissions from direct operations (scope 1+2) by 
33% versus 2019 baseline

• Reduced prevalence of child labor among contracted 

• Maintained 100% of tobacco purchased at no risk of 

farmers supplying tobacco to PMI from 3.5% in 2020 to 
1.8% in 2021, of which 99% of identified cases have 
been resolved

• Fostered a living income amongst contracted farmers 

supplying tobacco to PMI (achieving 67%, up from 48% 
in 2020) and a minimum wage for tobacco farmworkers 
(achieving 95%, up from 65% in 2020)

• Completed five in-depth human rights impact 

assessments since 2018, and ongoing monitoring and 
implementation of action plans

• Maintained high proportion of our shipment volume 

(91%) covered by youth access prevention programs in 
indirect retail channels

• Introduced an aspiration to expand PMI’s lifelong learning 
program across the organization, initially deployed in our 
Operations function

• Improved representation of women in management 

positions to 39.7% (up from 37.7% in 2020), and set a 
baseline to measure inclusion among PMI employees

Intellectual
• Launched major new innovation in heat-not-burn, IQOS 

ILUMA, with product advancements addressing consumer 
pain points (read more about the 30 years of innovation 
behind our leading heated tobacco product here)

• Reached 1,770 patents granted in PI5 jurisdictions 

relating to smoke-free products

• Published 452 scientific publications since 2008 to share 

our methods and findings

• Completed 203 toxicological assessment studies, 24 
clinical assessment studies, and 44 perception and 
behavior studies on smoke-free products since 2015

deforestation of primary and protected forests

• Optimized 437,915 cubic meters of water in our tobacco 

supply chain

• Achieved virtually zero waste to landfill from our 

manufacturing sites globally

Manufactured
• Expanded smoke-free product portfolio, commercializing 10 
different smoke-free heat-not-burn and e-vapor devices and 
over 900 smoke-free consumable stock-keeping units to 
meet the needs and preferences of various consumers

• Extended presence, with 71 markets where PMI smoke-free 
products are available for purchase, among which 43% are 
in low- and middle-income markets

Social
• Purchased 98% of tobacco through direct contracts by PMI 
and our tobacco suppliers, enabling implementation and 
monitoring of PMI’s Good Agricultural Practices

• Increased the proportion of critical supplier spend sourced 

sustainably to 83% in 2021

• Expanded employee resource groups, in partnership with 
external subject matter experts, for employees to connect 
based on shared characteristics or life experiences

Financial
• Derived 29.1 percent of our annual adjusted net revenues 

from smoke-free products, out of total adjusted net 
revenues of USD 31.7 billion

• Reported USD 2.7 billion in corporate income taxes

• USD 76.8 billion in total excise tax paid by consumers on 

PMI products

• USD 5.00 annualized dividend based on a quarterly dividend 

of USD 1.25/share, declared September 15, 2021; 14th 
consecutive year with a dividend increase since becoming a 
public company in 2008

C A S E   S T U D Y
Impact of PMI’s expansion in 
wellness and healthcare on 
different forms of capital

Although PMI’s transformation journey started with a vision centered on the 
critical mission of phasing out cigarettes, this is not its sole and ultimate end 
goal. PMI is now actively working to expand its purpose and evolve into a 
broader lifestyle, consumer wellness and healthcare company, extending its 
value proposition and innovative capability to commercialize products that go 
beyond tobacco and nicotine. Read the dedicated case study on PMI.com.

Note: Presentation of information in this visual is informed by the Integrated Reporting Framework of the Value Reporting Foundation.

48

49

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Letter from our Chief Sustainability Officer: 
Measuring what matters

We dedicated much of 2021 to 
strengthening our governance and better 
integrating sustainability into our corporate 
strategy. Our new sustainability materiality 
assessment helped us identify, prioritize, 
calibrate, and define the ESG topics to focus 
on. The results allowed us to revamp our 
ESG framework, categorize topics according 
to their environmental, social, or governance 
nature, and introduce two pillars: our 
products and our business operations.

Besides having a framework that clearly organizes 
ESG issues, we introduced a new format that 
helps us convey our approach to sustainability. 
More concretely, this new format showcases how 
these ESG topics are organized and become inputs 
to a strategy that aims to be impact-driven.

Addressing the impacts of our products remains 
at the core of our strategy. We, of course, start by 
focusing on their health impacts. Beyond that, we 
have established a clear distinction between the 
environmental and social impacts that derive from 
our products (what we produce) and the impacts 
that derive from our business operations (how we 
produce). In addition, we have made corporate 
governance an all-encompassing component 
of our strategy, recognizing its importance in 
embedding sustainability into corporate strategy.

“ PMI employees are the heart, 
soul, and primary driver of 
change within our company. 
They are the ones building a 
culture that embraces 
sustainability and a community 
conscious of its impacts.”

Framing these different impacts and their origins 
in this way crystallizes both our inputs and desired 
outcomes, bringing clarity to our organization in 
terms of how best to allocate resources and integrate 
sustainability into our ways of working. We hope 
it will also help external stakeholders understand 
our approach to sustainability from an impact 
perspective. This approach is composed of eight 
impact-driven strategies and intrinsically connected 
to our 2025 Roadmap, which communicates our 
ambitious vision through a set of 11 headline goals.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

As sustainability matures and gains importance 
inside and outside our company, the question of 
how to measure ESG performance is something 
many continue to grapple with. We have long 
expressed our support for more rigor in sustainability-
related reporting and disclosures—and not just for 
companies, but also for ESG ratings and related 
products. There is a need for greater transparency, 
more robust methodologies, and better clarity on 
definitions and assumptions. We certainly welcome 
recent developments leading to more consistency in 
standards under strong governance frameworks.

Accordingly, 2021 was a year when we also focused 
on developing a clear and accepted process for 
establishing concrete definitions, documentation, 
and controls for sustainability with the aim of 
standardizing how we measure ESG performance. 
Taken together, these standards make up our ESG 
KPI Protocol, which brings structure to the process 
of defining success, concrete measurements of 
progress, and clear governance and accountability 
structures, and will be published later in 2022.

Reporting is, by nature, a backward-looking exercise. 
That said, we understand that the value of embedding 
sustainability into corporate strategy lies in thinking 
long term and being able to disclose forward-looking 
ambitions, transition plans, and progress. Coupling 
comparable, meaningful, and reliable data with clear 
goals, long-term plans, and forecasted impacts is 
central to stakeholders’ and investors’ ability to 
incorporate ESG into their decision-making.

Another topic of debate relates to the optimum 
way to maximize the alignment of incentives with 
sustainability-related results to meet the evolving 
expectations of investors and other stakeholders. 
We are proud to have answered this demand 
by introducing a Sustainability Index that lets us 
integrate ESG performance into long-term executive 
compensation in an easily understandable, strategic, 
coherent, comprehensive, and credible manner.

We believe that relying on a bespoke index, as 
opposed to relative external indices, will allow PMI 
to align its resource allocation and efforts more 
consistently and strategically with its most material 
ESG topics. PMI’s Sustainability Index consists of 
19 KPIs, which measure progress toward the 11 
goals in our 2025 Roadmap. We aim to continuously 
improve our performance and drive material and 
measurable progress—all communicated through 
open and clear reporting and disclosure.

Having an overarching global sustainability 
strategy is as important as ensuring it is cascaded 
down to our markets—PMI employees are 
the heart, soul, and primary driver of change 
within our company. They are the ones building 
a culture that embraces sustainability and 
a community conscious of its impacts.

Together we ensure that success is achieved while 
respecting environmental and social boundaries. We 
recognize the essential need to continue building 
legitimacy and trust with our stakeholders, who are 
fundamental to our company’s purpose and can 
accelerate the pace at which we achieve it. Our 2021 
Integrated Report aims to address their demands 
for more transparent, comparable, and reliable 
information on our ESG risks and performance.

2021 was a year full of achievements, but challenges 
remain, including in areas related to ESG. As we 
continue to transform, learn, and discover better ways 
to develop solutions that have meaningful impact, we 
hope our transparency and willingness to engage will 
spark dialogue with those who can help accelerate 
the pace of change. I invite you to reach out and 
share your feedback, to question, to challenge, 
and above all, to engage with us as we remain 
focused on making our company better, focused 
on sustainability, and committed to our purpose.

Jennifer Motles 
Chief Sustainability Officer

50

51

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Corporate governance and management

PMI’s governance structure underlies our daily 
activities to ensure that we conduct ourselves 
and our business in compliance with the 
highest ethical standards and with integrity.

Executive compensation

Our compensation and benefits program 
supports our business, financial, and 
strategic objectives, and aims to:

Our Board of Directors

The primary responsibility of the Board of 
Directors is to support the long-term success 
of our company. The Board is responsible for 
establishing broad corporate policies, setting 
strategic direction, and overseeing PMI’s Company 
Management—the individuals responsible for 
PMI’s day-to-day operations, as defined below.

The Board has established various standing 
committees to assist with the performance of its 
responsibilities. It adopted corporate governance 
guidelines, which—along with the company’s charter, 
bylaws, charters of Board committees, code of ethics, 
code of business conduct and ethics for directors, 
and related-person transactions policy—provide 
the framework for the governance of the company. 
All these documents are available on PMI.com.

PMI’s annual Proxy Statement contains detailed 
information on our Board and committee 
structure, the independence and diversity 
of its members, and the responsibilities and 
meeting frequency of each committee.

Our Company Management

PMI’s Company Management (also referred to as 
our “Senior Management Team”) encompasses our 
Chief Executive Officer, his direct reports leading our 
different business functions and regions, the Vice 
President Treasury & Corporate Finance, the Vice 
President & Controller, and the Deputy Chief Financial 
Officer & Head of Finance Transformation. Our 
Company Management, which totals 24 employees 
including four women as of March 11, 2022, includes 
the twelve employees who are executive officers 
under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934. A biography of each member of our Company 
Management team can be found on PMI.com.

• Support our ability to attract, develop, and retain 
world-class leaders in a controversial industry

• Align the interests of executives and shareholders

• Reward performance against pre-

established objectives

• Support long-term business growth, superior 
financial results, sustainability efforts, societal 
alignment, and integrity of conduct

• Promote internal fairness and a disciplined 

assessment of performance

• Align executive incentives with our 

risk management objectives

These objectives provide the framework for the 
various components of compensation and benefits, 
which together form an aggregate package intended 
to be appropriately competitive. Our executive 
compensation program reflects our commitment to 
put sustainability at the core of our corporate strategy.

The three components of total direct compensation 
for our executive officers are base salary, annual 
performance-based incentive compensation 
awards, and long-term variable equity awards.

We continue to incorporate key measures 
pertaining to our transformation into both our 
annual and three-year management incentives.

In 2021, annual incentive awards were assessed on six 
growth measures, including a 20 percent weight for 
our heat-not-burn shipment volume and a 15 percent 
weight on strategic priorities and enablers. Those 
are heavily focused on our transformation to smoke-
free products, and include the drive for material and 
measurable progress in priority sustainability corridors, 
alongside transparent and clear sustainability 
reporting and disclosure. For more information, 
please refer to PMI’s Proxy Statement 2022.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

2022–2024 Performance Share 
Units (PSU) performance cycle
Long-term equity awards are intended to 
motivate our executives to produce results 
that enhance sustainable shareholder value and 
strengthen the Company over the long term.

We use Performance Share Units 
(PSUs) as the three-year incentive in our 
executive compensation program. 

As set out in PMI’s Proxy Statement 2022, for the 
2022–2024 PSUs granted in February 2022, the 
Compensation Committee established performance 
metrics at what it believes are appropriately ambitious 
levels that reflect the Board-approved three-year plan.

The Board retained the previously used metrics of 
Total Shareholder Return (TSR), weighted 40 percent, 
and currency neutral adjusted compound annual 
diluted earnings per share (EPS) growth, weighted 
30 percent. It introduced as the final metric 
the Company’s Sustainability Index, weighted 
30 percent, which consists of two drivers: 

• Product Sustainability, defined as an aggregation 
of key performance indicators pertaining to social 
and environmental impacts generated by the 
company’s products; measuring progress on its 
efforts to maximize the benefits of smoke-free 
products, purposefully phase out cigarettes, seek 
net positive impact in wellness and healthcare, 
and reduce post-consumer waste; and 

• Operational Sustainability, defined as an aggregation 
of key performance indicators pertaining to social and 
environmental impacts generated by the company’s 
business activities; measuring progress on its efforts 
to tackle climate change, preserve nature, improve 
the quality of life of people in its supply chain, and 
foster an empowered and inclusive workplace.

In line with the Company’s sustainability materiality 
assessment and their relative priority level in the 
context of the company’s corporate strategy, Product 
Sustainability is weighted at 20 percent and Operational 
Sustainability is weighted at 10 percent, together 
amounting to 30 percent of the total PSU award.

Linking ESG performance to Executive compensation

In February 2022, PMI’s Board of Directors decided to better reflect PMI’s commitment to 
sustainability, which is the core of its corporate strategy, by including the Sustainability Index as 
one of our performance metrics under equity awards. Following the index’s structure, its KPIs 
are aggregated into two main drivers: Product Sustainability and Operational Sustainability.

Sustainability Index 
30%

10%

20%

GR APHIC TO BE   
DISCUSSED
EPS 30%

TSR 40%

P R O D U C T   S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y

O P E R AT I O N A L   S U S TA I N A B I L I T Y

52

53

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Sustainability governance and management

Integrating sustainability into our company relies on a formal structure  
with clear accountabilities at different levels of the organization.

Board of Directors

While the Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee (NCGC) oversees the company’s ESG and 
sustainability strategies and performance and advises the 
Board on sustainability matters, several other committees 
are tasked with oversight responsibility for different 
sustainability topics. For instance, the Audit Committee 
oversees, among other matters, the risk management of 
climate change, manufacturing and supply chain disruption, 
and the privacy and cybersecurity risk assessment, while 
the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee 
is responsible for executive compensation matters and 
will track and assess the company’s performance on the 
PMI Sustainability Index. The NCGC and full Board of 
Directors are each updated at least once per year by 
the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) on sustainability-
related matters, including progress in priority areas and 
an overview of key initiatives. In 2021, PMI’s Board of 
Directors reviewed the results of PMI’s sustainability 
materiality assessment and refreshed sustainability 
strategy, the establishment of PMI’s Sustainability 
Index, and updated PMI’s Statement of Purpose.

Company Management

Anchoring our sustainability priorities with executive 
responsibilities and accountabilities helps embed our 
strategy into our daily operations. Members of our 
Company Management are responsible for driving 
progress and delivering on our sustainability targets 
within their respective functions. As described above, 
the Compensation and Leadership Development 
Committee has tied a significant portion of our Company 
Management’s compensation to the Sustainability Index.

Composed of members of the Company Management, 
PMI’s Sustainability Committee meets at least four 
times per year. In 2021, meetings of the Sustainability 
Committee focused on reviewing the results of the 
sustainability materiality assessment and establishment 
of refreshed strategy, the development of PMI’s 
Sustainability Index and ESG KPI Protocol, PMI’s 
performance in ESG ratings and rankings, and received 
updates on various sustainability initiatives.

Board of Directors

Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee (NCGC)

Other Committees of the Board

Company Management

Sustainability Committee

•  Members of Company Management, including  

Chief Executive Officer

•  Meets every quarter

•  Reviews and validates sustainability materiality analysis,  

strategy, commitments, goals, and annual reporting

Operational management  
and program delivery

Sustainability Group

•  Senior representatives from global functions

•  Meets every month

•  Ensures alignment and coordination of efforts  
across the different functions in the company,  
provides recommendations for program portfolio,  
and monitors performance

Working groups

•  Cross-functional representatives

•  Meet periodically

•  Coordinate development and deployment  

of specific cross-functional programs

Chief  
Financial  
Officer

Chief  
Sustainability  
Officer

Sustainability Team

•  Defines corporate sustainability  

materiality and strategy, coordinates  
program implementation by working  
closely with all business functions  
and with markets, and manages  
reporting on performance

Global functions and markets

Drive execution of sustainability programs, including  
development of policies, procedures, and road maps,  
establishment of performance metrics and targets, and  
monitoring and reporting on progress within the organization.

All PMI employees

Play a critical role in delivering progress on sustainability.

54

55

Operational management 
and program delivery

Fully integrating ESG drivers into business strategy can 
significantly enhance both sustainability agendas and 
financial performance. Accordingly, our CSO reports to 
PMI’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a member of the 
Company Management who heads the Sustainability, 
Finance, and Strategy functions—three essential 
components working hand-in-hand to drive strong and 
coherent value creation and deliver long-term success. 
Our CSO leads the integration of sustainability across 
our business. She updates the Sustainability Committee 
on a quarterly basis and hosts the Sustainability 
Group—composed of functional leaders—quarterly.

The CSO heads PMI’s Sustainability Team, which 
leads PMI’s sustainability materiality analysis, defines 
strategy, manages reporting on performance, and 
coordinates strategy implementation across the 
different business functions and markets.

Program-specific working groups meet periodically 
to cross-functionally coordinate the strategy, targets, 
and performance of specific sustainability programs. 
Further, at the market level, dedicated sustainability 
coordinators help ensure that sustainability priorities 
are cascaded and programs are localized.

Our approach to sustainability programs

Our approach to designing and managing material 
sustainability topics is harmonized and relies on 
common foundational elements:

• Deep understanding of the topic, context, 
materiality, external expectations, and 
interdependencies with other issues

• Governance structures and policies to formally 

guide our actions and ambitions

• Performance indicators to measure progress  

and evaluate our efforts, attached to targets to 
drive improvement and provide clarity on our 
desired outcomes

• Concrete activities to achieve progress  

against targets

• Transparent reporting on progress, which 

encourages dialogue by allowing stakeholders to 
scrutinize our actions

The sustainability landscape is dynamic. We 
continuously update and strengthen our programs 
as knowledge improves, progress is made, or the 
relative importance of specific topics changes.

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Risk management

We designed our risk management and internal 
control practices to address all significant  
and/or emerging strategic, external, inherent 
process, and project deployment risks that could 
undermine our ability to achieve our strategic 
business objectives and create value over time. 
ESG-related risks and opportunities are considered 
within our enterprise risk management practices.

Risk governance

We identify and prioritize key risk areas based 
on four dimensions: the impact of a risk on 
PMI were it to occur, its likelihood, its velocity, 
and its interconnectivity with other risks.

PMI assigns ownership of each prioritized key risk 
area to a member of our Company Management, 
with oversight from the Board of Directors or 
a particular Board committee. With support 
and insights provided by the risk management 
and Corporate Audit functions, our Company 
Management reports regularly on these risks to 
the appropriate Board committees and to the 
entire Board of Directors throughout the year.

As part of its risk management practices, the company 
has established a Corporate Risk Governance Committee 
(CRGC) made up of senior executive officers, including 
the Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President & 
General Counsel, Chief Digital & Information Officer, 
Vice President & PMI Controller, Global Head of Risk 
& Controls, Chief Information Security Officer, Vice 
President and Chief Ethics & Compliance Officer, and 
Vice President, Corporate Audit. In addition, the Chief 
Executive Officer and Vice President & Corporate 
Secretary are informed of the risk management 
observations and insights shared with the CRGC.

The CRGC and the Audit Committee of the Board of 
Directors receive updates related to the company’s 
risk management and internal controls practices at 
least once per quarter.

Risk management

Risk management is facilitated through periodic 
alignment of “first line” business, “second line” risk 
management, and “third line” Corporate Audit functions.

Beyond the primary business functions, our risk 
management framework involves Risk & Controls, 
Ethics & Compliance, Information Security, Data 
Privacy, and Corporate Audit. As the overarching risk 
management function, Risk & Controls defines, 
develops, maintains, and executes risk management 
policies and methodologies, including the Enterprise 
Risk Management framework. 

First line

Business functions

Second line

Risk management 
functions

Third line

Corporate Audit 
functions

External  
risks

Strategic  
risks

Inherent 
process  
risks

Project 
deployment 
risks

Corporate Risk 
Governance Committee 

Audit 
Committee

Board of  
Directors

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

In 2021, a Quality Compliance function was formed 
to apply the existing risk management framework 
in the areas of research practices, product quality 
and stewardship, and regulatory compliance.

Corporate Audit, an independent function, 
provides senior management and the Audit 
Committee with objective assurance and advisory 
services designed to assess the adequacy 
and effectiveness of the company’s internal 
control systems and use of resources.

Taking a holistic approach, these functions 
collaborate to continuously identify, assess, and 
respond to evolving or emerging strategic, external, 
inherent process, and project deployment risks.

Risk assessment

At the request of the CRGC, the Risk & Controls 
function defines the company’s approach to risk 
management and coordinates a periodic enterprise 
risk assessment, which brings together the business, 
risk management, and Corporate Audit functions.

ESG-related risks and opportunities are considered 
within our enterprise risk assessment, which 
also leverages the company’s sustainability 
materiality assessment process. More specifically, 
the priority ESG topics identified by the latest 
sustainability materiality assessment determine 
which ESG risks and opportunities are 
considered in the enterprise risk assessment.

In complement to our periodic enterprise risk 
assessments and regular sustainability materiality 
analyses, we have various risk evaluation 
mechanisms in place to support the development 
of tailored strategies and responses for our priority 
ESG issues along our value chain. Focused on 
environmental and social issues, some of these 
assessments include human rights risks saliency 
mapping, periodic climate risk and opportunities 
assessments, product life cycle assessments, and 
deforestation and water risk assessments.

Risk monitoring and compliance

Among other risk monitoring activities (e.g., reviews, 
advisories, assessments), our technical procedures 
and internal controls over financial reporting comply 
with the Sarbanes-Oxley (SOX) Act. Risk & Controls 
and our external auditors provide independent 
opinions on the design and operating effectiveness.

Our business, risk management, and Corporate 
Audit functions execute assurance gathering 
activities beyond the SOX scope, addressing inherent 
process risks by leveraging the defined library of 
Global Standard Processes, Risks, and Controls.

Following our risk response to the outbreak and 
spread of COVID-19 in 2020 and 2021, we have 
structurally embedded certain risk management 
activities (for instance, the mobilization of local 
risk functions in the rapid testing and validation 
of centrally issued guidance in response to risk) 
in our overall approach to risk management.

Finally, we disclose the company’s risk factors 
in our 10-K and 10-Q submissions to the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission. Our 
latest submissions are available on PMI.com.

As ESG objectives have 
become a cornerstone of 
our corporate strategy, we 
will continue to strengthen 
the integration of ESG-
related risks into our risk 
management and internal 
control practices.

Marie-Pauline Lauret  
Global Head of Risk & Controls

56

57

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

P R O D U C T
I M P A C T 

  Purposefully phase out cigarettes  

  Maximize the benefits of smoke-free products  

  Seek net positive impact in wellness and healthcare 

  Reduce post-consumer waste  

60

64

90

98

58

59

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021P R O D U C T   I M P A C T

Purposefully phase  
out cigarettes

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Pre-transformation (in 2015), our combustible product volume totaled 881 billion units, or  
99.9 percent of our shipment volume ratio, and, since then, in only seven years, it has declined by 
more than 26 percent. Over the same period, our smoke-free shipment increased to 95 billion units, 
representing 12.8 percent of our shipment volume in 2021.

Our goal

Intentionally work toward phasing out cigarettes by ensuring that 
smoke-free products represent at least 30 percent of our shipment 
volumes and more than half of our net revenues by 2025 while 
continuing to reduce our combustible shipment volume.

For many decades, public health strategies to reduce 
tobacco-related morbidity and mortality focused 
primarily on preventing smoking initiation and 
encouraging smokers to quit. Novel, scientifically 
substantiated smoke-free products now provide 
regulators the opportunity to supplement and 
significantly strengthen the existing public health 
approach by encouraging adult smokers who do 
not quit to switch to scientifically substantiated 
better alternatives to continued smoking.

 “ We can make an important contribution 

to accelerating the end of smoking. 
To achieve this objective, we are 
dedicating the vast majority of our 
resources to commercializing our 
smoke-free products. Everyone 
within our organization—regardless 
of business function—plays a crucial 
role in delivering on this purpose. 
We recognize that PMI alone 
cannot achieve a smoke-free future. 
Such systemic change requires a 
collaborative multistakeholder 
approach. In particular, we actively 
advocate for others in the industry to 
follow our lead by transforming their 
businesses, phasing out cigarettes, and 
reporting transparently on progress.”

Jacek Olczak, Chief Executive Officer

A future where PMI’s success is no  
longer based on cigarettes

Our priority is to address the health impacts 
associated with smoking by offering smoke-free, 
science-based alternatives that have been proven to 
be a far better choice than cigarettes for those adults 
who would otherwise continue to smoke. However, 
we do not believe it is enough to simply offer more 
choice to consumers. Rather, we are seeking to help 
adult smokers switch to the better alternatives now 
available and put cigarettes behind them. And we are 
seeking to work with policymakers to ensure these 
products replace cigarettes as quickly as possible.

Our commitment is unwavering. We have set the 
ambition to generate at least 50 percent of our 
adjusted net revenues from smoke-free products by 
2025—just 10 years after our first full IQOS launches.

To accelerate our transformation, we are 
dedicating the vast majority of our resources to 
the commercialization of our smoke-free products 
and we have streamlined our cigarette portfolio 
to offer fewer brands and variants. Specifically, 
smoke-free products represented 73 percent of 
our commercial expenditure in 2021 (2020: 76 
percent). Moreover, our combustibles product 
shipment volume decreased by 26.3 percent 
versus 2015. Our Business Transformation Metrics 
provide a more comprehensive overview of our 
progress and our efforts to shift resources to best 
deliver on our company’s purpose (see here).

60

61

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021s
e
tt
e
r
a
g
i
c
t
u
o
e
s
a
h
p
y

l
l

u
f
e
s
o
p
r
u
P

To progress on our smoke-free journey, it is however 
essential that we maintain our competitive position 
in the cigarette market during the transition period. 
It allows us to focus our commercial efforts toward 
raising awareness of—and informing adult smokers 
about—smoke-free products and the benefits of 
switching versus continued smoking. It also generates 
the financial resources needed to continue investing 
in scientific research, and product development, 
and to the manufacture and commercialization of 
smoke-free products. In this regard, the extensive 
commercial and distribution infrastructure in place for 
our traditional tobacco business provides an effective 
platform for launching smoke-free products at scale.

While seeking to remain competitive in the cigarette 
segment for as long as needed, we carefully consider 
the commercial activities required to do so. We base 
our decisions on consumer insights, compliance 
with regulatory requirements, and adherence to our 
Marketing Codes. We are guided by our conviction 
that people who do not smoke should not start, those 
who do smoke should quit, and those adults who 
won’t quit tobacco and nicotine altogether should 
switch to less harmful alternatives to cigarettes.

Appropriate regulation and taxation  
to drive cigarette obsolescence

Regulation of all nicotine-containing products 
(including both combustible and smoke-free) 
is essential. We advocate for a comprehensive 
and risk-proportionate regulatory framework 
that acknowledges that not all tobacco and 
nicotine products are the same. Regulation 
and taxation should subject the most harmful 
products—those that combust tobacco—to the 
most restrictive measures and should encourage 
those adults who would otherwise continue to 
smoke to switch to less harmful alternatives.

Several factors outside our control—government 
action, in particular—influence how quickly we 
can see an end to cigarettes. To speed up the 
process, regulators and public health authorities 
can ensure that adult smokers have access to 
accurate information about smoke-free products. 
They can introduce product standards to ensure 
that only scientifically substantiated smoke-free 
products are commercialized. And, through risk-
proportionate regulation and taxation, they can 
provide the right incentives to encourage adults 
who smoke to switch from cigarettes to less harmful, 
scientifically substantiated alternatives and incentivize 
manufacturers to direct their investments and R&D 
toward these better products. The acceptability 
of smoke-free products for adult smokers must 
always be balanced against the objective of 
minimizing use by unintended audiences such as 
never smokers, former smokers, and youth.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Policy and regulation can accelerate or hinder 
progress toward a smoke-free future. Our ability 
to maximize access is subject to (the right kind 
of) regulatory frameworks enabling systems 
change and allowing these new products to 
replace cigarettes as rapidly as possible (see 
our Stakeholder engagement section).

Currently, some countries do not permit the 
sale of smoke-free products. We nevertheless 
continue to engage with stakeholders in these 
markets to advocate for regulatory frameworks 
that support tobacco harm reduction. We do not 
believe that banning smoke-free products is a 
rational policy, especially considering that these 
countries permit the sale of the most harmful 
forms of tobacco and nicotine consumption: 
cigarettes and other combustible tobacco 
products. Banning smoke-free alternatives runs 
counter to the aim of ending cigarette use.

Supply and demand measures that can accelerate change

PMI is committed to delivering a smoke-free 
future. Once smoke-free products represent a 
viable segment of the nicotine marketplace with 
the potential to move most adult smokers away 
from combustible tobacco use, governments 
can implement additional industry-wide 
measures to phase out cigarettes altogether.

We believe that a clear roadmap agreed 
by political, regulatory, and public health 
stakeholders, supported by both civil society 
and businesses, offers the best prospect for 
further accelerating the end of smoking. 

Such a roadmap may consist of 
elements addressing:

• Increased investment in prevention, quitting 
campaigns, and cessation services, with a 
particular focus on vulnerable populations

• Measures to address adult smokers’ confusion 
about the role of combustion and nicotine in 
the development of smoking-related disease

• Regulatory and fiscal differentiation between 
combustible products and non-combusted 
forms of tobacco and nicotine, coupled with 
robust safeguards against unintended use

• Post-market monitoring and surveillance 
to assess public health outcomes and 
the impact of policy interventions

• Phase-out policies to help permanently 

end smoked tobacco sales

• Post-phase-out support for adult 

smokers who still continue smoking 

• Robust anti-illicit trade policies

62

63

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
P R O D U C T   I M P A C T

Maximize the benefits of  
smoke-free products

At PMI, we want to accelerate the end of smoking. To that end, we are  
transforming our operations and value chain to develop and commercialize  
science-based better alternatives to smoking.

C O N T E N T S

66  Our management approach

Progress in 2021

69  Developing science-based 

alternatives to cigarette 
smoking

72  Broadening access to smoke-

free products

83  Marketing and selling our 
products responsibly

89  Looking ahead

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right thing to do

The business case

Cigarette smoking is the most dangerous form 
of nicotine consumption. People who do not 
smoke should not start. Those who do smoke 
should quit. And those adult smokers who would 
otherwise continue to smoke should switch to the 
better alternatives to cigarettes now available.

Our priority is to address the health impacts 
associated with smoking by offering scientifically 
substantiated options that have been demonstrated 
to be a far better choice than continued 
smoking. We then chose to go beyond that by 
giving these products the purpose of replacing 
cigarettes, helping achieve the end of smoking.

Our purpose is to make our legacy product, cigarettes, 
obsolete. The public health benefit of smoke-free 
products depends not only on their potential to 
reduce the risk of smoking-related disease compared 
with continued smoking but also on adult smokers 
using these products instead of cigarettes.

This is critical to achieve the expected public health 
benefit. For that, broadening access is key, and we are 
committed to improving consumer awareness, while 
also making smoke-free products more acceptable, 
available, and affordable to adults who smoke.

The future of nicotine is undisputedly in smoke-free 
products, which are experiencing rapid growth. Through 
our early and sustained investment in R&D and consequent 
leadership in technology and innovation, we have built 
a powerful position and competitive advantage.

By focusing our commercial expenditure on 
encouraging adult smokers who otherwise would not 
quit, to switch fully to better alternatives, we aim to 
reach as many adult smokers as possible in as many 
markets as possible; this includes the around 130 
million PMI cigarette smokers, as well as the hundreds 
of millions of adult smokers who buy competitor brands. 
The business case is clear: Our smoke-free product 
consumables drive higher net revenues per unit than 
cigarettes, with accretive product contribution per 
unit already helping to generate attractive returns on 
our significant upfront and ongoing investments in 
developing the category. We are also gaining share of 
the total tobacco market, thereby increasing our 
current and future revenue base. We are committed 
to marketing and selling our products responsibly. 
Concerns that our products, marketing, or sales could 
discourage smoking cessation, encourage initiation of 
nicotine use, or hold particular appeal to minors would 
undermine our credibility, harm our reputation, and 
potentially trigger adverse regulation, hampering our 
ability to achieve a smoke-free future as fast as possible. 

O U R   A S P I R A T I O N S

SI

Sustainability Index

Maintain

>90%

SI

of shipment volume covered by markets with youth 
access prevention programs in indirect retail channels

2023

2025

100%

of PMI smoke-free electronic devices introduced to the market 
as of 2023 equipped with age-verification technology

~40%

reduction in our combustible 
product shipment volume 
versus 2015 baseline

<550 bn

combustible product 
shipment volume

>250 bn

smoke-free product 
shipment volume

>30%

SI

smoke-free product shipment 
ratio (smoke-free/total)

>50%

SI

of markets globally where 
PMI smoke-free products are 
available for sale that are low- 
and middle-income markets

>50%

SI

net revenues (smoke-free/total)

>40 m

adult smokers globally who switch 
to PMI smoke-free products

64

Note: In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, 
and achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke-free industry. See page 34.

65

100

SI

Number of markets globally 
where PMI smoke-free 
products are available for sale

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Our management approach

Addressing the impact of our combustible 
products on consumers’ health is at the core 
of our strategy and company purpose. 

We deploy a four-pronged approach:

1.  Develop science-based, less harmful alternatives 

to cigarette smoking

2.  Broaden access to smoke-free products for 

those adults who would otherwise continue to 
smoke, ensuring this helps accelerate smoking 
prevalence decline

3.  Purposefully phase out cigarettes (read more here)
4.  Market all our products responsibly 

In 2021, we established a category management 
structure to accelerate delivery of a smoke-free 
future. Under this structure, strategic responsibility 
for our smoke-free and combustibles businesses, 
respectively, rest with two members of our 
Company Management: our President, Smoke-
Free Products Category & Chief Consumer 
Officer and our President, Combustibles 
Category & Global Combustibles Marketing.

Our President, Smoke-Free Products Category 
& Chief Consumer Officer oversees smoke-
free products, driving their growth trajectory, 
fostering consumer-centricity, and leveraging 
the strengths of our markets and regions. 

In complement, a team led by our Chief Product 
Officer continuously develops and enhances PMI’s 
smoke-free products, drawing on consumer feedback 
and technological innovations. Our Operations 
function—led by our Senior Vice President, Operations—
works to ensure our manufacturing capabilities meet 
the demand for smoke-free products.

The smoke-free and combustibles category presidents 
oversee the deployment of our marketing and sales 
activities and adherence to our Marketing Codes. 
The Codes are subject to a robust governance 
process established in 2021. The newly formed 
Marketing Review Council guides the implementation 
of these Codes across the organization.

To make our progress measurable and verifiable, 
we developed a set of bespoke key performance 
indicators (KPIs), which we call our Business 
Transformation Metrics. These metrics, which we 
report on periodically, allow our stakeholders to 
assess both the pace and scale of our transformation. 
Over the years, based on stakeholder feedback, we 
have expanded the number of metrics to increase 
transparency and clarity about our progress. 

Our Business Transformation Metrics also 
showcase how we are allocating resources away 
from our traditional cigarette business, aiming 
to base our success on a future in which we no 
longer make or sell cigarettes. Read more here.

Access to  
smoke-free products  
and cigarette phase-out

Consumer switching

Science-based,  
less harmful alternatives 
to cigarette smoking

Maximized  
benefits of smoke-free 
products

Individual risk  
reduction

Responsible  
marketing

Population harm 
reduction

Reaching the  
intended audience

66

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Develop science-based, less harmful 
alternatives to cigarette smoking

Through more than a decade of substantial 
investment in R&D, we have developed products that 
provide the satisfying experience of consuming 
nicotine without burning tobacco.

We implemented a rigorous scientific assessment 
program that aims to align with the U.S. Food and 
Drug Administration’s (FDA’ s) 2012 draft guidance on 
modified risk tobacco products (learn more about how 
we conduct our R&D here and on PMIscience.com). 
Our program, in line with epidemiological and 
toxicological principles, aims to compare the health 
outcomes of switching to smoke-free products versus 
continued smoking. In addition to aerosol chemistry 
and nonclinical and clinical studies, our assessment 
program incorporates consumer behavior studies. 
These allow us to monitor and evaluate the use of our 
smoke-free products by intended audiences and not 
by youth, former smokers who have quit nicotine and 
tobacco altogether, or those who have never smoked. 
In addition, following market launch, we continuously 
monitor the safety profile of our smoke-free products 
to ensure that any new or different health risks associated 
with their use can be identified in a timely fashion, 
should they occur, and are managed appropriately. We 
have put a rigorous global safety surveillance process 
in place to monitor and respond to potential safety 
signals. Based on the data collected, we provide 
annual safety update reports, which include notifications 
received directly from consumers, and we share them 
with several regulators, including the FDA.

Developing and expanding our human, intellectual, and 
social capital is key to our transformation. Our two 
main R&D centers, located in Switzerland and Singapore, 
employ hundreds of scientists, engineers, and other 
experts working to develop, improve, and assess 
smoke-free products. This work is headed by our 
President Vectura Fertin Pharma and Chief Life Sciences 
Officer, Chief Product Officer, and President, Smoke-
Free Products Category & Chief Consumer Officer, 
who are members of PMI’s Company Management.

Broaden access to smoke-free products  
to help accelerate smoking prevalence decline

PMI is developing and scientifically assessing products 
that present, are likely to present, or have the 
potential to present less risk of harm than continued 
smoking. Now, to achieve a smoke-free future faster 
and put cigarettes behind us, we need to ensure that 
adult smokers have access to these better products.

By access, we mean that:

• Adult smokers are aware of the benefits of 

switching to smoke-free products compared with 
continued use of combustible tobacco products.

• The products are accepted by adult smokers 

as a viable alternative to cigarettes.

• The products are conveniently available 

for sale to adult smokers.

• Smoke-free products are affordable to adult smokers.

In this context, a regulatory framework allowing the 
products to be sold and adult smokers to know that 
these products exist and are available is essential.

Access

Awareness

Acceptability

Availability

Affordability

REGULATORY FR AMEWORK

67

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Market all our products responsibly

Even as we work to make them obsolete, cigarettes 
continue to represent the majority of our net 
revenues—and are likely to do so until 2025 
(see our 2025 Roadmap). Accordingly, when we 
establish policies and practices that guide the 
responsible commercialization of our products, 
these include the totality of products being sold by 
PMI—both smoke-free and combustible products.

Implementing appropriate supply and demand 
measures can help maximize the public health 
benefits smoke-free products bring at a population 
level. Raising awareness while minimizing the risk 
of unintended consequences is vital. This includes 
ensuring these products are marketed and sold 
responsibly to adult consumers of nicotine-containing 
products. Fundamental to achieving this objective 
is conducting marketing and sales activities that 
provide clear and meaningful information about our 
products, including the risks associated with their use.

Our commercialization activities across  
the world are guided both by applicable 
laws and by a set of core principles:

• PMI products are only for adults who smoke or 

use other nicotine-containing consumer 
products.

• We warn consumers about the health effects of 

our products.

• We communicate about our products to enable 

adult consumers to make informed choices.

• We market our products truthfully and 

transparently, with claims that are accurate and 
not misleading.

• We design, develop, and commercialize our 

products in ways that are consistent with our 
smoke-free purpose.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Progress in 2021

Developing science-based 
alternatives to cigarette smoking

Scientific research and product innovation can 
advance tobacco harm reduction and benefit 
adult smokers, thereby positively impacting 
public health. To this end, we will continue to 
invest in science and in the development and 
acquisition of products and technologies.

PMI’s scientific assessment  
of smoke-free products

We dedicate almost all of our adjusted R&D 
expenditure (99 percent in 2021) to smoke-free 
products, including wellness and healthcare products. 
These expenditures include costs related to clinical 
studies, the development of machinery, prototypes, 
and product acceptability testing, and innovation 
in materials and design to create better and more 
sustainable products. The remaining 1 percent is 
associated with our combustible tobacco products, 
largely allocated to meeting regulatory compliance 
requirements and sustainability considerations, 
including the development and introduction of 
more sustainable filter materials (read more here).

Since 2008, PMI has invested over  
USD 9 billion in research, product development, 
production capacity, scientific substantiation, 
and studies on adult smoker understanding.

Our smoke-free product portfolio includes heat-not-
burn and e-vapor products, as well as oral nicotine 
products. They are developed and manufactured 
according to high standards of quality and consistency.

As of year-end 2021, our R&D work and its 
associated innovations have resulted in 1,770 patents 
granted for smoke-free technologies by the five 
largest intellectual property offices in the world (IP5).

Our most thoroughly assessed smoke-free 
product is the IQOS tobacco heating system 
(see the next page). We apply rigorous science 
to substantiate its harm reduction potential 
compared with cigarette smoking, including systems 
toxicology, preclinical and clinical assessments, 
and perception and behavior assessments. 

The results of our studies are publicly available, published 
in peer-reviewed scientific publications, and have 
been submitted to numerous regulatory authorities, 
including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

In July 2020, the FDA authorized the marketing 
of the 2.4 version of PMI’s IQOS tobacco heating 
system as a modified risk tobacco product 
(MRTP) with reduced exposure information. 

This followed the agency’s April 2019 authorization of 
the marketing of the IQOS tobacco heating system as 
“appropriate for the protection of public health” pursuant 
to the premarket tobacco product application (PMTA) 
pathway. On March 11, 2022, the FDA authorized the 
marketing of PMI’s IQOS 3 tobacco heating system 
as an MRTP with reduced exposure information.1

For our e-vapor products, we have performed 
preclinical assessment and are executing clinical 
and perception and behavior studies.

The totality of the scientific evidence makes us confident 
that switching completely from cigarettes to smoke-free 
products is likely to present less risk of harm than continuing 
to smoke. Post-market studies are necessary to continue 
building this confidence and, over time, quantify the 
reduction in morbidity and mortality through epidemiology.

During the assessment of smoke-free products, several 
lines of evidence come into play and complement one 
another: Evidence from controlled scientific experiments 
answers precise, predefined questions, while evidence 
collected from the real world helps researchers 
understand the uptake, use, and health effects of a 
product in real-life settings. To date, real-world evidence 
indicates that introducing heated tobacco products can 
have a beneficial impact on a population as a whole. The 
launch of heated tobacco products in Japan coincides 
not only with a reduction in cigarette sales but also 
with a decrease in hospitalization rates due to chronic 
obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation and 
ischemic heart disease.2 We will continue to gather and 
evaluate real-world data; in particular, epidemiological 
data from long-term follow-up studies that include 
information on other variables that might impact the 
risk of developing smoking-related diseases as well as 
lifestyle and other environmental factors (e.g., diet, 
pollution). The cumulative evidence on our smoke-free 
products to date, including both experimental and real-
life data, points firmly in the direction of harm reduction. 
1  Source: https://www.fda.gov/tobacco-products/advertising-and-promotion/
philip-morris-products-sa-modified-risk-tobacco-product-mrtp-applications. 
Note: The FDA does not endorse or approve tobacco products.

2  Observational time-trend analysis looking at temporal associations and not 

designed to assess cause and effect. Specific factors associated with changing 
hospitalization rates over time have not been fully analyzed. Subject to 
inherent limitations of ecological analysis.

68

69

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Overview of IQOS scientific substantiation

P L AT FO R M 
D E V E LO P M E N T

A smoke-free product’s risk 
reduction potential relies 
on the quality of the initial 
product design and on strict 
manufacturing controls to 
ensure that the product 
delivers a consistent aerosol.

• No combustion in our IQOS tobacco heating system: The primary cause of smoking-

related disease is the long-term exposure to the high levels of harmful chemicals 
generated by burning tobacco. By avoiding combustion, we can significantly reduce or 
eliminate the formation of harmful and potentially harmful constituents (HPHCs).

• Reduction in emissions of harmful and potentially harmful constituents: We compared the 

chemical composition of the aerosol produced by IQOS with the smoke from a reference cigarette 
designed for scientific research purposes and found that the levels of HPHCs in the aerosol are 
reduced on average by 90 to 95 percent compared with those found in the reference cigarette’s 
smoke. In addition, extensive chemical characterization of the IQOS aerosol showed that there are 
approximately 10 times fewer constituents in IQOS aerosol than in the reference cigarette smoke.

• No negative impact on overall indoor air quality: We also conducted chemistry and quality 

studies, which demonstrated that the use of IQOS does not negatively impact indoor air quality.

• Reduced toxicity: We conducted toxicological studies for IQOS, both in vitro and in 
vivo, to determine whether the reduced formation of HPHCs in the aerosol leads 
to reduced toxicity. Results from the in vitro studies show that the IQOS aerosol is 
significantly less cytotoxic and genotoxic than the smoke from cigarettes. The in vivo 
studies found that, compared with cigarette smoke, the reduced exposure to toxicants 
results in significantly reduced lung inflammation and respiratory toxicity.

• Reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), 

and lung cancer in laboratory models: We conducted several systems toxicology studies to 
assess the disease-relevant biological mechanisms affected by exposure to toxicants, using 
human-derived in vitro cell cultures and organotypic tissue cultures. These showed that, 
compared with the reference cigarette smoke, the IQOS aerosol has a significantly reduced 
impact on key mechanisms involved in the development of respiratory and cardiovascular 
diseases. We also completed an in vivo study to assess the potential of the IQOS aerosol to 
reduce the risk of lung inflammation, emphysema, and lung cancer compared with cigarette 
smoke. The results of this study show that, in contrast to cigarette smoke, the aerosol 
of IQOS does not increase the incidence and number of lung tumors. It also confirmed a 
significantly reduced effect of IQOS aerosol on lung inflammation and emphysema.

• Nicotine uptake: When a smoker is switching to IQOS, the nicotine uptake and 
urge-to-smoke scores are comparable to continued smoking. This suggests that 
switchers can find IQOS acceptable and satisfying as an alternative to smoking. 

• Reduced exposure to harmful chemicals: Our clinical studies on IQOS completed to date have 
involved thousands of participants and up to 12 months of exposure. They have found that 
smokers who switched completely to IQOS during the studies were exposed to significantly lower 
levels of harmful chemicals compared with those who continued to smoke. Further, they showed 
that the levels of 15 biomarkers of exposure in participants switching completely to IQOS were 
comparable to the levels of those who quit tobacco and nicotine for the duration of the study. 

• Positive impact on smokers’ health: In a six-month clinical study of healthy volunteers, we 
measured eight health indicators that are known to change favorably following smoking 
cessation. We observed that after participants had switched from smoking to IQOS for 
six months, each of these indicators improved in the direction expected upon smoking 
cessation, five of them with statistical significance. We completed a six-month extension 
study to understand what the same markers look like 12 months after switching.

TOX I CO LO G I C A L 
A S S E S S M E N T 

Toxicological assessments are 
used to determine whether the 
reduced formation of HPHCs 
leads to reduced toxicity and 
reduced risk of smoking-related 
diseases in laboratory models.

C L I N I C A L 
A S S E S S M E N T

Clinical assessments help 
determine the extent to which 
adult smokers would find 
the product an acceptable 
alternative to cigarettes. They 
assess whether a reduction 
in the formation of HPHCs 
measured in the laboratory 
leads to a reduction in HPHC 
exposure when an adult smoker 
switches to the product and 
investigate whether switching 
from cigarettes to a smoke-free 
product has a beneficial effect 
on a smoker’s health profile by 
reducing the risk of smoking-
related diseases compared 
with continued smoking.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

P E R C E P T I O N   
A N D   B E H AV I O R

Perception and behavior 
studies help us evaluate risk 
perceptions and patterns of 
use of smoke-free products 
among various adult consumer 
groups. For smoke-free products 
to have an overall positive 
impact on public health, it is 
important that adult smokers 
use them, that those intending 
to quit tobacco and nicotine 
altogether are not dissuaded 
by these products, and that 
nonsmokers do not use them.

• Good product understanding and low intent to use among nonsmokers: The results of our 

premarket studies show that the adult consumer groups tested have a very good understanding 
that IQOS presents less risk of harm than cigarettes but is not risk-free and that it is riskier 
than nicotine cessation. Additionally, when assessed in the context of specific communication 
materials, more than 90 percent of participants in consumer studies understood that IQOS is 
not intended for nonsmokers, and more than 80 percent comprehended that quitting the use of 
tobacco and nicotine altogether is the best way to reduce the risk of tobacco-related diseases.

• Post-market monitoring and use patterns: We constantly monitor reports to identify safety 
concerns and health-related adverse events potentially associated with the use of our smoke-
free products. Further, we conduct post-market studies to understand how IQOS is used and 
by whom, helping us measure the extent to which adult smokers switch to the product. By 
conducting repeated studies in 53 countries among adult IQOS users, involving in total about 
70,000 participants, we have been able to measure IQOS use patterns among adult users 
over time. Overall, the data from these studies confirm that IQOS is reaching the intended 
audience of adult smokers (with a significant proportion of individuals who purchase the 
product switching fully to it and stopping smoking) and is of very limited interest to adults 
who have never used nicotine products or who had already stopped using tobacco. Finally, 
our post-market studies confirm that consumers understand that IQOS presents less risk than 
cigarettes but is not risk-free and presents more risk than tobacco and nicotine cessation.

LO N G -T E R M 
A S S E S S M E N T

We continue to assess our 
smoke-free products after they 
are on the market. Long-term 
assessment will confirm whether 
these products reduce the risk 
of smoking-related disease.

• Long-term effects of product use: Long-term epidemiological data are needed to accurately 
quantify the overall disease risk reduction effect associated with switching from cigarette 
smoking to the use of smoke-free products, as well as to evaluate the excess disease risk 
associated with the use of these products compared with not using tobacco and nicotine. 
Generating reliable epidemiological evidence requires that smoke-free products be available on 
the market for many years. Further, the products must be used for a sufficiently long period by 
a sufficient portion of adult smokers who have switched to them. This renders epidemiological 
studies impracticable in a premarket setting or in the early phase of market introduction.

• Real-world evidence: We initiated time-trend studies in 2020 to complement our other research. 
These studies use existing data to estimate the prevalence and incidence of disease. They explore 
factors associated with health outcomes at the population level. Independent evidence already 
links the launch of IQOS to an accelerated decline in cigarette sales in Japan, the first country in 
which IQOS was launched nationwide, in 2015. We assessed time series of Japanese hospital data 
and health insurance claims for two smoking-related diseases (chronic obstructive pulmonary 
disease and ischemic heart disease) to detect a potential impact of the introduction of IQOS at 
the population level. We obtained hospitalization rates for selected smoking-related endpoints: 
COPD, COPD exacerbations, and ischemic heart disease. This data came from two databases: 
Medical Data Vision and Japan Medical Data Center. We compared rates of hospitalization for 
these endpoints before and after the introduction of heated tobacco products (HTPs) in Japan. 
We found that observed hospitalization rates dropped below predicted rates shortly after 
launch. Those decreases so far are modest but measurable. There are many limitations to this 
type of research, and these results by themselves do not indicate a causal relationship. We are 
therefore assessing the possibility of running the same type of assessment in other countries 
where HTP uptake is sufficient and real-world datasets are available. In addition, independent 
studies that measure disease risk using epidemiology are starting to emerge (see the example 
from South Korea using data from the National Health Insurance Service on the next page).

a Visit PMIscience.com to read our scientific results to date with our smoke-free products

70

71

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Growing external scientific consensus

We welcome and encourage independent 
research on our products, methods, and results. 
Over the past several years, a growing number 
of organizations and institutions have initiated 
studies of our smoke-free products or the 
methods and results surrounding them.

Several government agencies have already 
reviewed the available evidence or conducted 
research of their own (see overview on PMI.com). 
In addition to studies on aerosol chemistry and 
toxicology, the first independent clinical and 
post-market studies have begun to emerge.

One example of encouraging real-world evidence 
supporting the harm reduction potential of 
smoke-free products comes from South Korea. 
By using data from their National Health Insurance 
Service researchers were able to showcase that, 
compared with continued smoking, switching 
to smoke-free products was associated with 23 
percent lower risk of developing cardiovascular 
disease among both recent switchers and long-
term switching.1 Long-term quitters, or those who 
had quit all products for more than five years, 
were associated with 37 percent lower risk.

The list of independent studies (close to 280 in total) 
published around PMI’s smoke-free products or our 
methods and results as of March 16, 2022 is available 
on PMIscience.com. In general, these studies confirm 
PMI’s results. However, some approach the data 
differently (e.g., using fresh air as the comparator 
instead of cigarette smoke), have methodological 
differences (e.g., enrolled populations, studies that do 
not follow OECD guidelines), or overstate conclusions.

Broadening access to  
smoke-free products

The public health benefit of smoke-free products 
depends not only on their potential to reduce the 
individual risk of smoking-related disease but also on 
their actual use by adult smokers as alternatives to 
cigarettes and other combusted tobacco products. For 
smokers to switch to them, these alternatives must 
be known and accessible. To the extent permitted, 
we deploy relentless efforts to improve and increase 
consumer awareness, acceptability, availability, 
and affordability of our smoke-free products.

Acting on these four access drivers will best position 
us to achieve two critical ambitions by 2025: for 
our smoke-free products to be available for sale in 
100 markets and for at least 40 million adults to 
have switched to them and stopped smoking. We 
want our smoke-free products to serve every adult 
smoker who does not quit smoking, and we plan 
for at least half of those markets to be in low- and 
middle-income markets, bolstered by new innovative 
solutions for consumers with lower purchasing power.

As of the end of 2021, 21.7 million adults were 
using our smoke-free products, of whom we 
estimate that 15.3 million had switched to these 
products and stopped smoking, and PMI smoke-free 
products were available for sale in 71 markets.

1  Source: Choi S, et al. Combined Associations of Changes in Noncombustible 
Nicotine or Tobacco Product (NNTP) and Combustible Cigarette (CC) Use 
Habits With Subsequent Short-Term Cardiovascular Disease Risk Among South 
Korean Men. A Nationwide Cohort Study. Circulation. 2021. Observation 
period 2018-Dec 2019 Source: Data available on https://doi.org/10.1161/
CIRCULATIONAHA.121.054967
Note: The study has several limitations, including that the follow-up is too short  
to make any conclusive remarks based solely on this study.

C A S E   S T U D Y

Association between the introduction of heated 
tobacco products and declines in cigarette smoking

Minimizing tobacco-related harm at the population level depends not only on the degree of 
risk reduction of the smoke-free products, but also on their adoption by adults who would 
otherwise continue to smoke. This case study looks at the impact of the introduction of heated 
tobacco products on cigarette sales and smoking prevalence in two countries with the highest 
market share of heated tobacco products in the world, namely Japan and Lithuania.

a Read more in our case study here.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

INCREASING AWARENESS

We want those adults who would otherwise continue 
to smoke to understand the risks and benefits of 
our smoke-free products compared with continued 
cigarette use. They also need to understand that 
quitting tobacco and nicotine altogether is the best 
option and that smoke-free products are not risk-
free and contain nicotine, which is addictive.

We apply strict principles regarding with whom, how, 
and where we communicate about the existence and 
risks and benefits of our smoke-free products. These 
principles are crystallized in our Marketing Codes. 

We seek to provide accurate and non-misleading 
information so that those adults who would otherwise 
continue to smoke are motivated to switch. Our 
premarket and post-market studies guide our 
consumer-facing activities and communication, 
including the internal assessment of product 
claims and consumer messages. A cross-functional 
team of scientists, market researchers, lawyers, 
communication experts, and marketers review 
product claims and consumer messages about our 
product features and benefits, ensuring that all 
statements are accurate, clear, and non-misleading.

The lack of information about—and awareness 
of—smoke-free products presents a big hurdle 
to achieving tobacco harm reduction. It is also 
potentially the easiest to overcome: Public health 
policymakers, regulatory bodies, the scientific 
community, and civil society have a big impact on 
smokers’ decisions. It is therefore imperative that 
these entities do their part in informing adult smokers 
who otherwise would not quit about the risks and 
benefits of switching to smoke-free products.

As of the end of 2021, we estimate that only 
25 percent of adult smokers in the markets 
in which PMI commercializes IQOS were 
aware of the product’s features and benefits 
compared with cigarette smoking.1

Informing the world about the  
smoke-free category
Unlike combusted tobacco products, smoke-free 
alternatives are a new product category and are 
still relatively unfamiliar to most people. In 2019, 
we launched “Unsmoke”—a global corporate 
campaign deployed across various online and 
offline communications channels to address 
widespread misconceptions about the smoke-
free category and the concepts that underpin it 
(e.g., combustion, the role of nicotine, and the 
potential of these products for public health).

The campaign’s core message is simple: 

“If you don’t smoke, don’t 
start. If you smoke, quit.  
If you don’t quit, change.”

Currently, the campaign encompasses 
two distinct strands:

• Unsmoke Your World (UYW): Calls for positive 
change by reinforcing that quitting tobacco and 
nicotine altogether is the best choice and informing 
the adult general public that better, smoke-
free alternatives exist for those adult smokers 
who would otherwise continue smoking. It also 
encourages the public to get involved and calls for 
regulation that would allow adult smokers access 
to—and information about—better alternatives.

• Unsmoke Your Mind (UYM): Speaks to the 

regulatory and scientific community and other 
stakeholders with an interest in tobacco harm 
reduction policy. UYM challenges misconceptions 
around the smoke-free category and calls for an 
open and transparent conversation to support 
risk-proportionate regulation that differentiates 
smoke-free products from cigarettes. It 
also urges policymakers to put science and 
evidence at the center of decision-making.

1 

In 2021, we improved our market research methodology by expanding beyond 
specific geographic focus areas (e.g., key cities) to full national coverage of our 
surveys, making a year-on-year comparison impossible. Applying the previous 
methodology and considering the same 54 markets covered in 2020, however, 
the proportion has increased from 36 percent in 2020 to 40 percent in 2021.

72

73

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Communicating and engaging with  
adult consumers
Although smoke-free products have been 
commercialized in many countries and for many years, 
a considerable proportion of adult smokers are still 
unaware that they exist and thus continue to smoke 
cigarettes. Further, the lack of understanding of the 
category and the potential benefits of switching 
to smoke-free products (compared to continued 
smoking) leaves many smokers unmotivated to 
switch. There also continues to be a profound 
lack of understanding that, when it comes to 
cigarette smoking, it is combustion, rather than 
nicotine, that is the primary cause of harm and 
disease (read more here about nicotine science).

To raise awareness, resolve biases, and clear up 
misconceptions, we engage with adult smokers 
to ensure they understand the facts underlying 
scientifically substantiated smoke-free products 
and why they can be a better choice than 
continuing to smoke. We also make sure smokers 
are aware that these better alternatives are not 
risk-free and in most cases contain nicotine, which 
is addictive. This comprehensive approach has 
been shown to improve consumer awareness 
and understanding of our products and the 
science and data behind them year-on-year.

User experience and utilization  
of smoke-free devices
As smoke-free products may not be as 
intuitive as cigarette smoking, we need to 
inform consumers of their proper use. 

We do so while applying strict rules on 
how we communicate and engage with 
our adult consumers (read more here).

Further, to help adult smokers transition to 
smoke-free products, we are shifting to a more 
consumer-centric model. Establishing direct 
routes to consumers—including our stores and 
e-commerce channels—allows us to explain 
the products, their features, and their risks and 
benefits compared with continued smoking.

Leveraging the power of our brands  
to drive positive behavior change
We engage with adult smokers in a variety of ways, 
including, where permitted, by leveraging our 
cigarette packaging. JustScan (formerly ScanPack) is 
a mobile digital platform that allows adult smokers 
to access online content by scanning a QR code or 
using a weblink (typically featured on the cigarette 
pack insert). For communication on combustible 
products, the platform uses third party-tested 
facial age-estimation technology to limit targeted 
communication to adult smokers. In markets where 
smoke-free products are available, we leverage 
JustScan to drive awareness and support conversion 
to these products by providing adult smokers 
with access to content related to our smoke-free 
products. For example, in November and December 
2021, our affiliate in Japan deployed JustScan 
to increase awareness of IQOS ILUMA, reaching 
close to 150,000 adult smokers. Globally in 2021, 
we used JustScan to successfully engage with 
close to two million adult smokers in 50 markets 
(2020: 850,000 adult smokers in 30 markets).

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Reaching the right audience

Our marketing efforts are governed by our 
Marketing Codes, which include provisions designed 
to ensure all our activities are directed only to 
adult current smokers and nicotine users and are 
not particularly appealing to minors (read more 
here). Our commercial activities must strike the 
right balance between encouraging adult smokers 
to switch to smoke-free products and minimizing 
the risk of unintended consequences such as 
youth access, initiation, and use by nonsmokers.

The results of our perception and behavior 
assessment studies conducted to date as part of 
the scientific assessment of our IQOS product show 
that the adult consumer groups surveyed have a 
very good understanding that IQOS presents less 
risk than cigarettes but is not risk-free and is riskier 
than tobacco and nicotine cessation. Additionally, 
when assessed in the context of specific 
communication materials, more than 90 percent 
of participants in consumer studies understood 
that IQOS is not intended for nonsmokers, and 
more than 80 percent comprehended that 
quitting the use of all tobacco is the best way 
to reduce the risk of tobacco-related disease.

Further, we conducted 12 studies of our heat-not-
burn (IQOS) and e-vapor (IQOS VEEV) products in 
six markets in 2020–21, including interviews with 
more than 23,000 adults who were not consumers 
of tobacco or nicotine products. The results of 
those studies show very low intention to use our 
smoke-free products among adult former users 
of tobacco or nicotine products (0.6 percent) and 
adults who had never used tobacco or nicotine 
products (0.3 percent). We do not conduct studies 
involving individuals under the legal age to purchase 
tobacco products. However, results of our studies 
among the youngest legal age adults who were 
not consumers of tobacco or nicotine products—
those aged 18 (or higher, depending on the legal 
age in the country) to 24—show a very low intent 
to use our smoke-free products (0.3 percent).

We also conduct post-market studies to understand 
how our smoke-free products are used and by 
whom once available for purchase in a market. 

These are necessary to confirm the results of our 
premarket perception and behavior assessment 
studies and to measure the extent to which adult 
smokers switch to our smoke-free products. They 
also help us monitor whether never and former 
smokers use them. A cumulative total of more 
than 19,000 legal age adults in three markets 
(Germany, Italy, and Japan) have participated in 
our cross-sectional population-based studies. The 
data from these post-market studies confirm that 
IQOS is reaching the intended audience (adult 
consumers of nicotine products) and is of very 
limited interest to adults who had never smoked 
or had already quit using tobacco and nicotine. 
More specifically, the results show that more 
than 99 percent of IQOS users in Germany, Italy, 
and Japan were already using tobacco or nicotine 
products at the time they began to use IQOS.

In the U.S., our FDA MRTP exposure modification 
orders require that we submit a post-market 
surveillance and studies plan, which had to be 
approved by the agency. As part of that plan, 
an affiliate of Altria, who commercialized IQOS 
in the U.S., conducted a secondary analysis of 
their existing Underage Tobacco Use Survey 
data and found very low (less than 1 percent) 
past-30-days IQOS use among U.S. youth.1

Overall, data from our studies, as well as 
independent studies,2 confirm that IQOS is 
reaching the intended audience—adults who 
already smoke or consume tobacco or nicotine 
products—and is of very limited interest to youth 
and to adults who have never before used nicotine 
products or had already stopped using them. 

1  Source: Estimates – July to November, 2021: https://sciences.altria.com/–/
media/Project/Altria/Sciences/library/Underage-Tobacco-Use-Survey/
UTUS-Estimates-2021Q3Q4.pdf 

2  East KA, Reid JL, Rynard VL, Hammond D. Trends and Patterns of Tobacco 

and Nicotine Product Use Among Youth in Canada, England, and the United 
States from 2017 to 2019. J Adolesc Health. 2021 Sep;69(3):447-456. doi: 
10.1016/j.jadohealth.2021.02.011.
Kuwabara Y, Kinjo A, Fujii M, et al. Heat-not-burn tobacco, electronic 
cigarettes, and combustible cigarette use among Japanese adolescents: a 
nationwide population survey 2017. BMC Public Health. 2020; 20:741.
Orth B & Merkel C. Smoking among teenagers and young adults in 
Germany: Findings from the Alcohol Survey 2018 and trends (in German). 
Federal Center for Health Education (BzgA). 2019. 
Delgrande Jordan M, Schneider E, Eichenberger Y, et al. La consommation 
de substances psychoactives des 11 à 15 ans en Suisse—Situation en 2018 
et évolutions depuis 1986. Rapport de recherche N°100, Addiction Suisse. 
2019

74

75

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

STRIVING FOR HIGH   
PRODUCT ACCEPTABILITY

Adult smokers will only switch completely to smoke-
free alternatives if they prefer these products over 
cigarettes. Several factors play a role in driving 
consumer acceptance of smoke-free products: 
user experience (e.g., sensorial experience, product 
convenience, availability of product variants), 
their potential to present less risk of harm than 
continued smoking, and their nicotine profile.

We consider the full conversion rate a critical 
indicator of whether our smoke-free products meet 
consumer expectations. This rate is the percentage 
of adults who switch to our smoke-free products and 
stop smoking cigarettes versus total adult users. In 
2021, the global average full conversion rate for our 
main smoke-free product, IQOS, was 72 percent.

During the switching journey, most users undergo 
an adaptation process during which dual use 
(concurrent use of cigarettes or another nicotine 
product) may occur. Only by switching completely 
and abandoning cigarettes can consumers realize 
the full health benefits of smoke-free products. 
Our goal is to support consumers in making this 
transition as quickly as possible. Consumers who 
switch from cigarettes may also use different smoke-
free products according to personal preferences 
and use occasions. Offering a broad range of 
acceptable smoke-free alternatives is thus critical.

Expanding our smoke-free portfolio
We understand that consumer tastes and 
preferences vary, and so a broader portfolio is 
likely needed to phase out cigarettes entirely. 

We therefore continue to invest in improving 
our current products, developing new ones, and 
acquiring products and technologies that meet our 
scientific standards and can help us achieve our 
purpose. Read about the 30 years of innovation 
behind our leading heated tobacco product here.

Heat-not-burn products

E-vapor products

Nicotine pouches

IQOS ILUMA  
PRIME

IQOS ILUMA  
ONE

IQOS  
ILUMA 

IQOS VEEV

SHIRO

IQOS 3  
DUO 

IQOS 3

IQOS 3  
MULTI

IQOS 2.4  
PLUS 

IiI 
SOLID 

IiI 
HYBRID 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The role of flavors in smoke-
free product acceptability
Smokers often find the difference in taste between 
smoke-free products and their preferred cigarette 
brand to be an obstacle to adoption or full conversion. 
In this context, flavors play an important role in 
helping adults who don’t quit tobacco and nicotine 
use altogether to move away from cigarettes and 
accelerate their full conversion to better products.

To cater to a variety of tastes and maximize 
the probability of adult smokers considering 
switching instead of continuing to smoke, we 
make our smoke-free consumables available in 
a wide range of taste variants (more than 40 
for our IQOS HTUs as of year-end 2021).

We have a central governance process in place for 
new flavored heated tobacco products, e-vapor 
products, and combustible products to assess the 
risk of unintended use prior to commercialization. 
The assessment framework takes into account, 
among other things, the flavor dimension of the 
product, how the product will be labeled and 
marketed, and the regulatory and commercial 
environment. Read more about our approach here.

In 2021, we were commercializing 10 different 
heated tobacco and e-vapor devices and more 
than 900 smoke-free consumable stock-keeping 
units. Moreover, we also now have a small presence 
in nicotine pouches, with 23 stock-keeping units 
commercialized under the Shiro brand, which were 
available for sale in 15 markets as of year-end 2021.

Our success in smoke-free products is driven 
by continuous innovation. In 2021, we 
launched IQOS ILUMA—the next generation 
of IQOS devices, which use internal induction 
heating—and TEREA heated tobacco unit (HTU) 
consumables in Japan and Switzerland.

We expect this innovative and intuitive device to 
support easier switching and higher conversion 
rates. IQOS ILUMA has received an overwhelmingly 
positive consumer response thus far, with strong 
demand reflected in initial 2021 device sales 
notably in excess of past IQOS launches.

A new heating technology  
with IQOS ILUMA

In 2021, PMI started commercializing a heated 
tobacco product with a method of heating 
the tobacco that is different from the previous 
generation of products in its portfolio.

IQOS ILUMA uses the innovative bladeless 
SMARTCORE INDUCTION SYSTEMTM. The 
induction activates the heating element inside 
the specially designed tobacco stick. The 
tobacco is heated with improved draw and 
taste consistency from stick to stick, without 
the need for consumers to clean the device. 
IQOS ILUMA allows for two consecutive 
uses without recharging the holder.

Read more about our heated tobacco  
technologies here.

76

77

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

The role of nicotine in smoke-free  
product acceptability
Nicotine plays an important role in helping adults 
who would otherwise continue to smoke to transition 
from cigarettes to better alternatives. By having a 
nicotine profile that resembles that of a cigarette, 
smoke-free products aim to offer a satisfying 
experience to adult smokers who are trying to switch 
to them. Read more about the role of nicotine here.

Supporting adult smokers in their 
conversion to smoke-free products
Purchasing and trying a smoke-free product is 
only one step along the conversion journey of 
adult smokers who seek to switch to a less harmful 
alternative to cigarettes. It is essential that we 
have the right infrastructure in place to support 
adult smokers along every step of this journey.

We are continuously strengthening the 
ecosystem through which we support 
consumers in making this better choice. 

As of year-end 2021, we had 36 consumer call 
centers, where adult users can contact us if they 
have questions about the product or its use, 
as well as thousands of own or indirect retail 
touchpoints worldwide. These retail outlets offer 
personalized support to adult consumers, ranging 
from explaining how the product should be used 
and how to clean it to offering more details about 
heated tobacco technology and its benefits. They 
also give adult smokers and nicotine users the 
option of trying the product before purchase. 
In addition, there are premium resellers—select 
stores that adult smokers regularly visit to purchase 
tobacco products—in which we provide, to the 
extent permitted by law, information about our 
smoke-free products and an opportunity to have 
a session with trained staff to learn about the 
products, their benefits, and how to use them.

Digital capabilities also help us serve adult 
consumers more efficiently, and we have 
intensified our focus in this direction over the past 
several years. For instance, in countries where 
this is permitted, adult smokers who express an 
interest in our smoke-free products are offered 
an online session with a remote IQOS coach.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

EXPANDING PRODUCT AVAILABILITY

Whether we can make our smoke-free products 
available to adult smokers depends on several 
factors, including some beyond our control, 
that dictate our ability to scale and legally 
commercialize our products in certain territories.

Making our smoke-free products 
available on the marketplace
In addition to external factors, internal 
constraints affect the rate at which we can 
roll out smoke-free products globally.

Building internal capacity 

Advocating for risk-proportionate regulation
Combustible tobacco and smoke-free product 
marketing and advertising are subject to extensive 
restrictions worldwide, including outright bans in 
some countries. This regulatory environment makes 
it difficult—or almost impossible in some countries—
to make adults who smoke aware of available 
alternatives to cigarettes and inform them of how 
and why they should use such alternatives instead.

Encouragingly, we have witnessed growing 
government support in recent years for science-
backed smoke-free products. An increasing number 
of governments now complement traditional tobacco 
control measures (i.e., those intended to discourage 
initiation and encourage cessation) with a harm 
reduction approach (i.e., providing adults who would 
otherwise continue to smoke with information 
about—and access to—scientifically substantiated 
smoke-free alternatives). Visit PMI.com for an 
overview of significant regulatory developments.

We regard stakeholder engagement as fundamental 
to the creation of shared and sustainable value (read 
more here). For PMI, responsible advocacy is about 
engaging with individuals and organizations in a 
way that respects the law, adheres to professional 
standards and ethical principles, and is consistent 
with the company’s vision and internal policies. This 
means acting in a fair, honest, and respectful manner 
when advocating our positions concerning issues 
on which we have a legitimate interest or concern.

Open and transparent dialogue with national and local 
governments and regulators allows us to understand 
their priorities and concerns and share our views, 
objectives, and scientific findings. We engage with 
governments, regulators, and legislators to support 
the development of legislation and regulations that 
will enable adult smokers to access smoke-free 
alternatives while minimizing access and use by 
unintended users, including minors and nonsmokers.

PMI is present in around 180 markets, but the 
size and capacity of our local organizations 
vary. Not every market has the resources 
and capability to launch smoke-free products 
immediately. We evaluate the commercial viability 
of launching smoke-free products in each market 
to prioritize internal resources adequately.

The ability to manufacture our smoke-free products 
at scale requires significant investment in our 
production capacity. In particular, the manufacturing 
of smoke-free product consumables requires that 
we build new factories or convert existing cigarette 
factories and increase our capital expenditure—for 
example, to purchase new machinery. In 2021, eight 
of our 38 factories were dedicated, either partially or 
fully, to the manufacture of our smoke-free products.

Since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, many 
companies across a wide range of industries 
have been impacted by a global shortage of 
semiconductors, which are used in a broad variety 
of consumer products, including our smoke-free 
electronic devices. Persistent shortages of—and 
growing demand for—this critical component have 
affected the availability and assortment of our 
smoke-free devices in certain markets, impacting 
our ability to operate at full commercial capacity. 
During the year, we monitored this situation closely 
and took steps to limit the impact on our customers 
and trade partners and on consumer availability. 
While the growth in IQOS users slowed in the third 
quarter of 2021, we undertook extensive mitigating 
actions and saw increased sequential IQOS user 
growth in the fourth quarter despite continued 
device supply constraints. We have adjusted our 
device assortments, restrained commercial programs, 
and are managing our inventories in an effort to 
ensure, first, that current consumers are able to 
continue on their journey away from cigarettes 
and do not revert to smoking, and second, that 
adult smokers can access our most advanced and 
innovative alternatives to continued smoking.

78

79

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Expanding our footprint in 2021 

Enhancing in-market availability 

As of year-end 2021, our smoke-free products 
were available for sale in 71 markets, either 
in key cities or nationwide (2020: 64).1 We 
aspire to expand our footprint to make them 
available in at least 100 markets by 2025.

During the year, we launched our heat-not-burn 
IQOS product in six additional markets (Aruba, Egypt, 
Kyrgyzstan, Morocco, Tunisia, and Uzbekistan), 
bringing to 68 the total number of markets in which 
the product was commercialized as of the end of 
2021. We also rolled out the commercialization of our 
e-vapor product in five new markets (Canada, Croatia, 
Finland, Italy, and Ukraine). By the end of the year, 
IQOS VEEV was available in a total of seven markets.

The adverse determination by the U.S. International 
Trade Commission (ITC), which prohibits the import 
of IQOS devices and HTU consumables into the U.S., 
was clearly an unwelcome development, albeit one 
that is currently immaterial to PMI. While this decision 
will cause near-term disruption, we have contingency 
plans underway and hope to be able to resume U.S. 
supply as soon as possible. We continue to see a 
large opportunity for IQOS in the U.S. over time.

Based on our current geographic footprint, we 
estimate that around 180 million adult smokers (i.e., 
71 percent of the total number of adult smokers in 
the markets where we have launched) have physical 
access to purchase our smoke-free devices and 
consumables (2020: 150 million adult smokers, or  
64 percent of the total number of adult smokers in the 
markets where we had launched at year-end 2020).

Expanding the geographic availability of our smoke-
free products to ensure they are conveniently 
accessible to adult consumers requires that we 
leverage a variety of retail channels, including:

• Direct retail channels such as brand 

retail locations (e.g., IQOS stores) and 
e-commerce websites (where permitted)

• Indirect retail channels such as 

tobacconists, convenience stores, gas 
stations, consumer electronics stores or 
vape stores, and online channels

As of the end of 2021, there were more than 1,700 
exclusive brand direct retail touchpoints (including 274 
permanent PMI-owned IQOS boutiques and stores 
worldwide).² We also ran e-commerce sites for IQOS 
in 55 markets, allowing consumers to purchase the 
product online and have it delivered to their homes.

Regarding the indirect retail environment, we classify 
the general trade and key accounts universe into 
three groups according to the product portfolio 
handled and the services provided to consumers:

• Consumables sellers provide consumers with 
a convenient option for everyday purchases 
of smoke-free consumables (e.g., the 
heated tobacco units for IQOS) and increase 
awareness of smoke-free products in general 
and our product portfolio in particular

• Device sellers allow consumers to purchase 
smoke-free devices conveniently and to 
access services such as device replacement

• IQOS partners offer consumers a wide range 

of services, including product trial³

As of the end of 2021, there were around 3,600 
IQOS partners and more than 800,000 points 
of sale at which IQOS HTUs were sold.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

ADDRESSING PRODUCT 
AFFORDABILITY

We will only achieve a smoke-free future if all those 
adult smokers who do not quit tobacco and nicotine 
altogether can afford to switch to better alternatives.

We have set a 2025 ambition for at least 50 percent 
of the markets where we commercialize our smoke-
free products to be low- and middle-income markets, 
bolstered by new innovative products for consumers 
with lower purchasing power. As of the end of 
2021, our smoke-free products were available in 
30 low- and middle-income markets (2020: 26).

While it is vital to increase the availability of our 
science-based smoke-free alternatives across 
countries, we must also ensure our products are 
affordable to all adult smokers within each market so 
that they consider switching instead of continuing 
to smoke. This means accounting for the purchasing 
power of adult smokers and deploying inclusive 
solutions to meet the needs of different segments of 
the population and geographies. Accordingly, we must 
account for the economics of innovative smoke-free 
products, which can be significantly different from 
those of a centuries-old product such as cigarettes.

Devices
Unlike cigarettes, some of our smoke-free 
consumables require the use of devices. Adult 
smokers who want to switch to our heat-not-
burn or e-vapor products, for instance, must 
first buy a specific electronic device. These high-
quality devices rely on innovative technologies 
and require significant production costs to ensure 
they function consistently within the precise 
specifications of our scientific evidence package.

To address the potential cost barrier for 
adult smokers who would like to switch, 
we deploy various solutions, such as:

• Initial lending of the device or payment over time

• Enhanced battery and firmware performance 

and increased longevity of devices, which lowers 
the average annual cost for the user while also 
improving the ecological footprint of our devices

• A broadened portfolio offering different price 
points. For instance, in 2021, we continued to 
commercialize the licensed lil SOLID device, for use 
with Fiit consumables, at a price below the lowest-
priced IQOS device in select markets. Also, we may 
lower the price of existing device versions following 
the launch of new versions. The retail price of these 
devices ranges from around USD 16 to USD 153, 
depending on model and country, with the global 
average price for the lowest-priced heat-not-burn 
device (including IQOS and lil) being USD 24.

• Remarketing of used products collected from 

consumers and refreshed or repaired according 
to stringent standards (read more here).

1  2021 figure excludes Belarus and the U.S.
2  Exclusive brand direct retail touchpoints are stand-alone touchpoints dedicated to PMI’s portfolio of 

3 

smoke-free products, representing the most experiential physical retail formats, and delivering the highest 
level of experience with the broadest range of products and services to legal age consumers.
IQOS partners (indirect retail brand experience touchpoints) consist of a dedicated IQOS space within another 
retailer’s premises where brand experiences and services are delivered to adult consumers by the retailer staff. 
In this format both devices and consumables are generally commercialized.

80

81

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Consumables
Our portfolio includes nicotine-containing 
consumables to be used with our electronic devices. 
These include the HTUs used with our heat-not-
burn products and the liquid nicotine used with 
our e-vapor products. We also produce nicotine-
containing consumables (e.g., nicotine pouches) 
that do not require the use of an electronic device. 
The recommended price of these consumables 
(whether as a complement to a device or as stand-
alone product) plays an important role in determining 
affordability and consequently expanding access.

The recommended price of our consumables 
depends on R&D, production, compliance and 
commercialization costs, as well as the excise taxation 
regime in the countries where they are sold.

Currently, the production costs of the heated tobacco 
units used with IQOS devices are, on average, 
somewhat higher than those of cigarettes. HTUs 
undergo a proprietary manufacturing process that is 
vastly different from the manufacture of cigarettes, 
and they require an increased level of quality 
assurance in factories. The manufacture of HTUs 
also incurs other costs that do not apply to cigarettes, 
such as the costs of scientifically substantiating 
the reduced-risk profile of these products, and 
ongoing post-market studies. Importantly, they 
entail much higher commercialization costs 
compared with cigarettes due to the need to 
properly introduce consumers to these new 
products and explain their functionalities. 

These costs include, for example, our customer care 
call centers and follow-up to ensure users do not fall 
back into smoking during their conversion journeys.

Beyond production and commercialization costs, 
a key factor driving tobacco and nicotine product 
retail prices is the excise tax. Excise taxes on 
cigarettes are generally higher than those on 
smoke-free products. Within the smoke-free 
category, electronic cigarettes tend to be taxed 
at a lower rate than heated tobacco products.

Differential taxation is an appropriate fiscal policy 
given the fundamentally different risk profiles of 
combustible tobacco products versus smoke-free 
alternatives. Applied appropriately, this approach 
can incentivize adult smokers to switch away 
from cigarettes and other combustible tobacco 
products and encourage manufacturers to 
channel their investments and R&D away from 
cigarettes and toward smoke-free alternatives.

The combined effect of manufacturer costs 
and tax differences is such that the price to the 
consumer of IQOS HTUs is typically below that 
of premium cigarettes—or can even be at the low 
end of cigarette pricing. As of the end of 2021, we 
estimate that our HTUs are on average priced the 
same as or lower than an adult smoker’s current 
cigarette brand for 58 percent of smokers in the 
geographies where we commercialize IQOS.

To address potential affordability barriers, we are 
also expanding consumers’ choice of HTUs by 
offering brands at multiple price points in many 
markets. As of year-end 2021, we offered a price 
point below our main HTU brand in 21 markets.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Governance of the Marketing Codes
The Codes are intended to guide the design, 
marketing, and sale of our products. They include the 
core principles, practices, and governance processes 
we follow in developing, designing, marketing, and 
selling our products and in engaging with adult 
consumers of our products. Sometimes our Codes 
impose more stringent provisions than required under 
local laws; in such cases, we follow our Codes. If the 
opposite occurs and local laws set a stricter standard 
than our Codes, we, of course, follow the law.

The Codes are subject to a robust governance 
process established in 2021 under the responsibility 
of the newly formed Marketing Review Council, 
composed of members of our Company Management. 
The council’s role includes guiding implementation 
of the Codes across the organization.

Deployment Review Group 
Each of our affiliates has a local cross-functional team 
(a Deployment Review Group or DRG) in place that 
provides a robust process for reviewing and approving 
new products, packaging, consumer-facing programs, 
campaigns, and initiatives before they are deployed.

We expect every market to fully implement the 
Codes and are implementing a self-assessment 
process to confirm they do. Findings and actions 
resulting from these self-assessments will be 
shared with regional and functional senior 
management before being reported to our 
President, Smoke-Free Products Category & Chief 
Consumer Officer and our President, Combustibles 
Category & Global Combustibles Marketing.

Marketing and selling our 
products responsibly

Consumer-centric product design, development, 
marketing, sales, communications, and engagement 
drive our commercial success and propel our smoke-
free mission. In this context, responsible sales and 
marketing practices are critical priorities for PMI. We 
aim to design our marketing communications and 
materials to appeal to adult smokers and adult users 
of nicotine products, and we follow strict principles to 
minimize the risk of unintended consequences, such 
as youth access to our products. This is an ongoing 
effort and we strive to improve continuously.

Rolling out our updated Marketing Codes

Consistent with our category-based organization, 
our marketing and sales principles and practices 
are codified in two separate Marketing Codes: one 
for combusted tobacco products (an enhanced 
version of the previous Marketing Code that 
had been in place for years) and one for smoke-
free (or “noncombusted”) alternatives.

We rolled out these Codes internally early in 
2021, building on our previous Marketing Code 
centered on combusted tobacco products and the 
Good Conversion Practices we had established 
to govern the marketing and sale of our smoke-
free products. During the year, we worked to 
embed the norms of these Codes within our 
organization and trained employees and relevant 
third parties. We closely guided our markets 
during the roll-out period and encouraged them to 
provide feedback and seek clarification as needed. 
We have now published our two Codes on our 
website and welcome stakeholder feedback on 
our responsible commercialization practices.

Our Marketing Codes are accompanied by a 
set of internal guidelines that provide more 
detailed information on implementation. These 
guidelines cover, among other things, how to 
develop appropriate consumer messaging, set 
up effective youth access prevention programs, 
communicate digitally with consumers, and conduct 
market research for smoke-free products.

82

83

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Insider insights: Mystery shopping program

In addition to other controls we have in place, 
our bespoke mystery shopping program (MSP) 
helps us monitor and measure adherence to our 
requirements on youth access prevention as 
set out in our Marketing Codes across different 
touchpoints. MSP leverages trained “mystery 
shoppers” commissioned by an independent third 
party. The shoppers are at least 19 years old, and all 
of them are smokers. They are tasked with acting 
interested in PMI smoke-free products and with 
going through various service interactions, such 
as making a purchase at an IQOS store, placing an 
online product order, or interacting with an IQOS 
coach. While doing so, they assess and record not 
only their consumer experience and the quality 
of service delivered, but also whether appropriate 
control measures were exercised to determine and 
verify (a) their age and (b) whether they are smokers 
or users of nicotine products. We receive detailed 
and regular reports on the mystery shoppers’ 
feedback, allowing us to identify cases in which 
adherence to our requirements is not being met.

We piloted this program in seven markets 
in 2017, focusing on PMI’s IQOS boutiques. 
In the ensuing years, we significantly 
increased the scale of our efforts.

By the end of 2021, the MSP had been 
implemented across our IQOS stores, contact 
centers, and e-commerce sites (depending on the 
retail and support channels available) in 60 markets 
where our smoke-free products are commercialized. 
Where COVID-19 conditions allowed it, mystery 
shoppers performed around 2,500 visits in 2021 to 
over 640 IQOS stores, visiting on different days and 
at different times of the day. In over 96 percent of 
those cases, they reported that their age had been 
properly checked prior to starting the conversation 
about the product—unless their appearance 
made clear that the mystery shopper was above 
the minimum legal age (or at least 18 years old in 
markets without a minimum legal age). Although the 
pandemic constrained our abilities to monitor on the 
ground, the program was still implemented online. 

The MSP is an additional and valued due diligence 
tool that helps ensure we reach our desired 
audience—adult smokers and users of nicotine 
products—while minimizing the risk of unintended 
consequences such as access to and use of 
our smoke-free products by youth. It provides 
a powerful way to ensure our age verification 
requirements are implemented properly on 
the ground across selected consumer-facing 
channels. And it is not only about measurement: 
The wealth of data collected from the program 
is turned into targeted actions to continuously 
guard against youth accessing our products.

s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Employee and third-party training
Our responsible commercialization efforts rely on 
the adherence and dedication of our employees 
and the third parties with whom we work. All PMI 
employees involved in PMI’s commercialization 
activities must be trained on the Codes and 
follow them. Third parties involved in PMI’s 
commercialization activities must also be trained on 
the relevant parts of the Codes and follow them.

We deployed new training in 2021 in parallel with 
the release of our Marketing Codes and their 
accompanying implementation guidelines to ensure 
employees and third parties understand our principles 
and practices and embed them in their work.

In addition to global compliance e-learning, our 
affiliates rolled out instructor-led classroom and 
online training sessions for employees and third 
parties involved in the commercialization of PMI 
products to ensure wide reach and proper awareness 
and comprehension of the Codes’ expectations. 
In 2021, more than 70,000 people participated 
in at least one Marketing Codes-related training 
session (including on youth access prevention 
requirements). Of this total, around 23,000 were 
PMI employees and around 47,000 were third-party 
workers, including agencies, promotional staff, call 
center agents, and shop assistants, among others.

To ensure continuous reinforcement and proper 
implementation of the Codes’ requirements, 
we plan to train all relevant employees and 
third parties on the Marketing Codes at least 
every two years. Further, we expect to conduct 
annual training on youth access prevention 
requirements among all affiliates’ salespersons 
engaged in brand retail or in our contact centers.

Monitoring and remediation
Three functions (Ethics & Compliance, Risk & 
Controls, and Corporate Audit) support and 
monitor compliance with the Marketing Codes and 
their implementation guidelines through training, 
communications, controls, investigations, and audits.

Our Ethics & Compliance function investigates 
potential incidents of noncompliance with laws and 
PMI’s Marketing Codes. In 2021, there were 13 
violations of our Marketing Codes by PMI employees 
(2020: 29). As a consequence of these violations, 
we took disciplinary actions, of which 15 percent 
consisted of employment termination, 8 percent 
in suspension, 15 percent in written warning, and 
62 percent in verbal warning or counselling.

Further, the risk of marketing and selling to 
youth is covered in our annual enterprise risk 
assessment and in our risk-based audit program.

Reviews by our Corporate Audit department in 
2021 found that only a few affiliates experienced 
issues related to responsible marketing compliance, 
and these issues were mainly procedural.

During the year, Corporate Audit conducted 19 audits 
covering 24 markets. Processes and controls were 
reviewed in each of these markets, and members of 
the Corporate Audit team visited a limited number 
of points of sale (COVID-19 restrictions did not 
permit field visits to some) to assess the steps taken 
to implement our Marketing Codes. No significant 
issues related to youth access were identified in 
the locations visited, except for one case where the 
agreed implementation steps were not executed as 
planned, mainly due to COVID-19-related restrictions. 
The affiliate implemented all four identified 
management action plans by October 2021 in line 
with the requirements of the Marketing Codes.

In markets selling smoke-free products, we also 
conduct a mystery shopping program. As part 
of this program, we determine whether the 
requirements on youth access prevention set out 
in our Marketing Codes are being implemented 
across our e-commerce websites, brand retail sites, 
and contact centers. Read more on the next page.

 >70,000

PMI employees and third-party workers 
participated in at least one Marketing 
Codes-related training session in 2021

84

85

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
t
c
u
d
o
r
p
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
s

f
o
s
t
fi
e
n
e
b
e
h
t
e
z
i
m
x
a
M

i

Consumer communications and labeling

Along with applicable laws, we apply 
strict rules governing how we present 
our products to adult consumers.

Labeling
We warn consumers about the health effects of our 
products. All advertising and consumer packaging 
for combusted tobacco products and smoke-free 
alternatives must contain clear and visible health 
warnings, even in markets where not required 
by law. Our smoke-free consumables packaging 
indicates clearly that the product is for adults, is not 
risk-free, and contains nicotine, which is addictive.

No product placement
With regard to both our combusted and smoke-
free products, we do not pay for product or brand 
placement in entertainment programs, films, radio, 
video games, or any other program intended for 
or disseminated to the general public. Moreover, 
our advertising, marketing, and sales materials 
must be placed where they are likely to reach adult 
smokers and not in places or channels frequented 
primarily by minors (i.e., they can only be placed 
in media channels whose audience is reasonably 
estimated to be at least 75 percent above legal age).

Social media
We do not use social media for marketing, advertising, 
or any other promotional communications 
related to our combustible products, whether 
branded or not. The same rule applies to our 
contracted parties, including event organizers, 
third-party agencies, and brand ambassadors.

Unlike with combustible tobacco products, we 
maintain consumer-facing branded social media 
accounts for our smoke-free products in certain 
markets. We do so only in countries where reliable 
audience data show that the audience of the relevant 
social media platform is at least 75 percent adult. 
In addition, we use all available native age gates.

In 2019, it was brought to our attention that some social 
media posts, while in line with applicable laws, did not 
comply with our internal “digital influencer” guidelines. 
Consequently, our Senior Management Team decided 
to suspend the use of social media influencers for the 
purposes of online marketing. Since then, our company 
has worked hard on strengthening and building more 
robust systems and processes, including by exploring 
the use of previously unavailable age-control technology, 
to ensure our online engagement is reaching the right 
kind of audience. Further, and to limit the reach of our 
marketing communications, we do not encourage adult 
consumers to share commercial content related to our 
smoke-free products on their personal social media 
accounts. In 2022, we will continue to evaluate the 
best way to continue responsibly increasing awareness, 
while preventing unintended consequences.

Preventing youth access and  
use of our products

As a leading manufacturer of tobacco and 
nicotine products, we have a critical role to play 
in guarding against youth access to our products. 
Accordingly, we have developed an enhanced suite 
of measures designed to ensure a holistic approach 
to guard against youth access to our products.

We deploy measures to ensure consumers are 
age-verified across all access channels when being 
provided with access to our products, including 
both PMI owned and operated boutiques and 
e-commerce platforms, and third-party retailers 
and online marketplaces. While the level of control 
we have over these channels varies, it is critically 
important that we make every effort to guard against 
youth access to our products regardless of venue. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our YAP tools include templates for contract clauses 
requiring that retailers ensure strict compliance with 
minimum age laws or, in the absence of such laws, 
that they refuse sales of nicotine-containing products 
to anyone below 18 years old. The tools also include 
educational modules and knowledge checks for both 
combusted and smoke-free products, made available 
via the digital communication platform we use with 
our retail partners across more than 85 markets. 
Other tools we provide include point-of-sale signage, 
communication templates, and talking points to 
guide in-person conversations with trade partners.

By the end of the year, markets representing 
91 percent of our total shipment volume were 
implementing these YAP programs in our indirect 
retail channels.

Age verification in our owned channels (B2C)
In owned channels (such as our IQOS stores and 
e-commerce sites), our Marketing Codes, youth 
access prevention (YAP) guidelines, and training 
materials and tools require that consumers’ age 
is verified before they can access our products—
ensuring they are of legal age (or at least 18 years 
old in markets without a minimum legal age).

What is a youth access  
prevention program?

A youth access prevention (YAP) program is a 
combination of guidelines and tools to help our 
affiliates work more effectively with their trade 
partners to guard against sales of our combusted 
and smoke-free products to underage purchasers. 

In addition, we strongly support regulation that 
ensures that only adults can buy tobacco and 
nicotine-containing products, as well as the strict 
enforcement of minimum age laws and penalties for 
those who sell or provide these products to minors.

The global youth access prevention requirements 
in our Marketing Codes apply to all our commercial 
activities, even when not required by local laws. 
These stringent standards reduce the likelihood that 
our products and related consumer communications 
will be of particular appeal to youth. These 
requirements shape the content of our creative 
materials, ensuring, for instance, that they do not 
contain images of models who are, or appear to be, 
under age 25 or images of youth-oriented celebrities.

We have also implemented a central governance 
process under which new flavored heated tobacco 
products, e-vapor products, and combusted products 
are evaluated. Under this framework, flavored 
product propositions are assessed premarket to 
minimize the risk that their introduction in the 
marketplace generates unintended consequences. 
While flavors are essential to encourage adult 
smokers to switch, and their use should be preserved, 
certain flavors could be particularly appealing to 
unintended audiences and should not be used. 
In all circumstances, every tobacco and nicotine 
product should be regulated, including the way they 
are marketed, to ensure they do not particularly 
appeal to unintended audiences, including youth.

Engaging with our trade partners (B2B)
We do not own or control the vast majority of retail 
outlets in which people buy our products: Around 
99 percent of our sales occur outside our owned 
channels. To ensure retailers operate according to 
our standards, we set robust requirements for our 
trade partners. We work with them to ensure they 
understand why they should not sell tobacco or 
nicotine products to youth. To ensure compliance, 
we monitor the implementation of youth access 
prevention (YAP) programs in our indirect retail 
channels and are committed to maintaining high 
coverage of our shipment volumes (minimum 90 percent).

In 2021, we evolved our minimum requirements for an 
effective YAP program in our indirect retail channels, 
which have been integrated into our Marketing Codes.

86

87

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
s
s
t
t
c
c
u
u
d
d
o
o
r
r
p
p
e
e
e
e
r
r
f
f
-
-
e
e
k
k
o
o
m
m
s
s

f
f
o
o
s
s
t
t
fi
fi
e
e
n
n
e
e
b
b
e
e
h
h
t
t
e
e
z
z
i
i
m
m
x
x
a
a
M
M

i
i

Key learnings from New Zealand highlighted that 
it is critical to ensure a simple and easy to use 
mechanism for consumers to be age verified, as well 
as to activate their devices. Moreover, we learned 
that on the consumer conversion journey, an overly 
complex age-verification process would represent 
a barrier in their decision to abandon cigarette 
smoking and switch to a smoke-free alternative.

We deployed a second pilot with VEEV in two cities 
on the island of Corsica, in France in 2021. These 
pilots confirmed our learnings from New Zealand and 
the need to further optimize these novel technologies, 
processes, consumer journey, and user experience. 

During 2022, we plan to launch additional pilots which 
will include testing of different user experiences, 
a suite of online age-verification mechanisms, and 
various methods to perform device activation. 
Fundamental to the viability of these efforts will be to 
ensure that the underlying infrastructure is scalable. 

Secure and user-friendly age-verification technology 
is a novel advance in the smoke-free product category 
and requires strong partnerships with information 
technology service providers, as well as with the 
owners of various software applications. Our teams 
continue to engage with the leading hardware 
and software players in these industries, to ensure 
that the most robust and best-in-class technology 
is available for PMI’s smoke-free products.

Based on the New Zealand and Corsica pilot 
learnings, its benefits and challenges, during 
2022 we will continue to develop and test a 
range of age-verification technologies, with a 
focus on online age-verification. We will utilize 
these current and future learnings to guide our 
ambitions and assess our targets, remaining 
steadfast in our commitment to prevent access 
to these products by unintended audiences.

We monitor compliance with our Marketing 
Codes and guidelines through mystery shopper 
programs. An independent third party uses mystery 
shoppers to assess the consumer experience 
delivery, the quality of service offered, and 
compliance to our requirements (read more here).

IQOS stores 
At our physical brand retail outlets, any 
consumer who wishes to purchase our products 
is age-verified by a trained salesperson. The 
verification must be conducted in person and, 
if there is any doubt that the person is an adult, 
by checking an official identity document.

E-commerce 
We implement age verification prior to selling our 
products online. This requires, for example, that we 
can leverage databases from reliable and credible 
sources (such as government organizations, telephone 
network operators, or banks) or scan an uploaded 
copy of a person’s identity document. Where the 
necessary technology is not yet available, or where 
a person cannot be age verified using either of these 
methods, alternative age-verification processes are 
applied—including face-to-face age verification on 
delivery by couriers or at collection pick-up points.

Enhanced electronic age-verification technology 
Beyond our existing youth access prevention 
programs, we continue to develop technology 
to minimize unintended use and prevent youth 
from initiating or using our smoke-free devices. 
An example of this is our proprietary age-
verification technology embedded in our VEEV 
products. To test its efficacy, we began a pilot in 
2020, testing this technology in New Zealand, 
which continued during the first half of 2021. 

This specific form of age-verification technology 
required the consumer to prove their age with 
reliable online data, in order to be able to unlock, and 
thereby activate the device prior to first use. If the 
device was not linked to an age-verified consumer 
profile, the device would then remain blocked and 
unusable. On the contrary, once unlocked, the 
device would be activated and the adult consumer 
would have the ability to lock and unlock it—at 
their convenience—to prevent unintended use.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Looking ahead

More than a decade ago, PMI set itself the goal  
to re-focus its business and develop products  
that can reduce the risk of smoking-related 
diseases compared with cigarette smoking while 
in parallel phasing out cigarettes. Science and 
technology are at the core and key enablers for 
this ambition. So far, we could demonstrate that 
our heated tobacco and e-cigarette products 
significantly reduce the formation and exposure to 
harmful chemicals as well as the risk of smoking-
related diseases in animal models. But this is only 
the starting point. Moving forward, and building 
on the past decade of experience, capability 
build up and scientific work, we have started 
to execute a significant program of biomarker, 
clinical outcome and real-world evidence studies 
to demonstrate the individual clinical and public 
health benefit of our smoke-free products. 

Jorge Insuasty, President, Vectura Fertin  
Pharma and Chief Life Sciences Officer

We have a robust infrastructure for monitoring 
compliance with our Marketing Codes, and 
we are committed to implementing our youth 
access prevention efforts globally and ensuring 
adequate monitoring of their enforcement. 
We will also continue to deploy YAP tools in 
our indirect retail channels. Currently, these 
programs cover more than 90 percent of 
our shipment volume, and we will continue 
to engage with various stakeholders on this 
topic, including retailers and governments, 
to find more effective solutions.

Werner Barth, President, Combustibles  
Category & Global Combustibles Marketing

We achieved remarkable progress in 2021 
and have ambitious plans for 2022, including 
expanding and improving our product portfolio 
with a broader range of taste, price, and 
technology choices. We will continue to make 
our heat-not-burn and e-vapor products available 
in additional markets. Building on its success in 
Japan and Switzerland in 2021, we look forward 
to launching the latest generation of our heat-
not-burn product, IQOS ILUMA, across additional 
markets over the coming years. Moreover, with 
the acquisition of AG Snus and its Shiro nicotine 
pouch and Kapten snus brands in May 2021 
we have grown PMI’s capabilities and expect 
additional product and market launches in 2022.

A clear consideration to improving access of adult 
smokers to smoke-free products is affordability, 
particularly in low- and middle-income markets. 
We plan to introduce a new heat-not-burn 
device to expand the access for consumers in 
the medium and below segments in emerging 
markets towards the end of 2022. This will be a 
simple, convenient, and affordable proposition 
that can cater to local taste preferences without 
compromising on harm reduction. We believe 
this product can also help address the lower 
price segment in developed countries.

We will continue to design and deploy a suite 
of effective tools to ensure that our smoke-free 
products reach only the intended audience: adults 
who smoke or use other nicotine products.

Stefano Volpetti, President, Smoke-Free Products  
Category & Chief Consumer Officer

88

89

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P R O D U C T   I M P A C T

Seek net positive impact in  
wellness and healthcare

We are striving to become a company that has a net positive impact on society.  
Therefore, we are expanding our offerings to include products that will address  
critical unmet consumer and patient needs within the health and wellness space,  
moving from a value proposition centered on doing less harm toward one  
where we contribute to society in positive ways.

C O N T E N T S

93  Research and development:  

new initiatives and initial focus

94  Strategic acquisitions

96  Venture funding

97  Looking ahead

90

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Researching and developing smoke-free alternatives 
that are scientifically substantiated to be less 
harmful than cigarettes was the first step in our 
journey to address our biggest negative externality: 
the impact of cigarette smoking on health. In the 
process, we have expanded our social, human, 
intellectual, and manufactured capital in ways that 
allow us to go a step further and develop products 
that seek to be better than “less harmful.” The aim 
now is to use this capital to develop significant 
growth opportunities in wellness and healthcare.

We are now able to expand our purpose (read our 
Statement of Purpose). The critical next step in 
PMI’s transformation is leveraging our expertise 
and capabilities to expand into products beyond 
tobacco and nicotine as part of a natural evolution 
into a broader wellness and healthcare business. 
Our strategy is built on two key growth areas: (1) 
wellness products, where we are developing and 
looking to commercialize scientifically substantiated 
consumer health products and solutions with the 
aim to improve people’s lives; and (2) healthcare 
products, where we have already committed 
resources to a development pipeline of over-
the-counter (OTC) and prescription products.

PMI’s innovation in wellness and healthcare is 
part of a larger transformation that puts science, 
technology, and sustainability at the heart of 
our company’s future, delivering products and 
solutions that aim to improve people’s lives and 
deliver a net positive impact on society. 

Building on our company’s investment and 
expertise in aerosol chemistry and physics, device 
technology, clinical research, and best-in-class 
preclinical safety and inhalation models, we are 
developing innovative and differentiated products 
for unmet patient and consumer needs.

Work is collectively overseen and delivered by Life 
Sciences, together with other teams such as Strategy, 
Finance, and Sustainability. Following PMI’s 2021 
acquisition of leading innovative companies Vectura, 
Fertin, and OtiTopic, we are joining forces with 
these organizations’ experts in consumer health and 
pharmaceutical to accelerate progress and propel our 
capabilities in wellness and healthcare. Read in this 
case study how we see our company’s value creation 
model evolving as the newly acquired companies 
strengthen PMI’s human and intellectual capital.

Although we are at the beginning of this journey, 
the aspiration to generate at least USD 1 billion in 
annual net revenues from wellness and healthcare 
products by 2025 showcases both our strong 
commitment to furthering the transformation 
of our company and our deep belief in the 
opportunity these adjacent avenues of growth 
can bring in the long term, leveraging our ability to 
monetize the skills and assets we have accrued and 
developed in the process of our transformation.

To achieve this objective, we will rely on and 
expand upon our existing core capabilities, 
seek partnerships with entrepreneurs and 
companies that have the proper experience and 
credibility in relevant fields, and keep a strong 
focus on specific benefit and disease areas.

Our aspiration

≥USD 1 bn

SI

At least USD 1 billion in net revenues  
generated from  wellness and healthcare  
products by 2025

To demonstrate the seriousness of our 
endeavor and the strategic relevance of this 
aim, we introduced a new topic, “Innovation 
in wellness and healthcare,” to our 2021 
sustainability materiality assessment process, 
following the introduction of this new 
aspiration, which complements our Business 
Transformation Metrics and 2025 Roadmap.

SI

Sustainability Index

91

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021e
r
a
c
h
t
l
a
e
h
d
n
a
s
s
e
n

l
l

e
w
n

i

t
c
a
p
m

i

e
v
ti
i
s
o
p
t
e
n
k
e
e
S

For example, in the inhaled therapeutics space, there 
are significant unmet patient needs for fast and 
effective treatments in cardiovascular (e.g., myocardial 
infarction), neurology (e.g., migraine and chronic 
pain), and allergies that can be served via innovative 
solutions. One of those solutions could be inhalable 
acetylsalicylic acid (commonly known as aspirin) for 
the prevention and treatment of myocardial infarction. 
We also see promising opportunities for chronic pain 
management treatment with medical cannabis.

For consumer and OTC wellness products, areas 
such as sleep, energy, focus, and calm have 
shown to be of high interest and are areas of 
high unmet need. For example, we are evaluating 
promising applications for cannabidiol (CBD) in 
some of these areas, notably through oral delivery, 
as safe CBD dosage levels are being defined 
by regulators, informed by clinical studies.

Another area of interest is smoking cessation 
products, known as nicotine replacement 
therapies. We see an opportunity to provide 
more effective solutions via consumer, OTC, 
and prescription pathways over time.

2021 was a pivotal year during which we 
kicked off our wellness and healthcare 
strategy across three fronts: 

1.  Continuing to invest in research and development

2.  Expanding our business via strategic acquisitions

3.  Financing innovation with our 

venture capital fund

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Research and development:  
New initiatives and initial focus

During 2021, 99 percent of our adjusted R&D 
expenditure was allocated to our smoke-free business 
and to innovation and pipeline development in the 
wellness and healthcare business. More concretely, 
92 percent funded PMI’s internal scientific research 
and development related to tobacco harm reduction, 
while 7 percent was invested in innovation and 
pipeline development and expanding R&D capabilities 
to serve the wellness and healthcare business.

Over the past decade, we have developed the 
ability to combine scientific excellence with 
commercial rigor to continue elevating our business 
transformation. Our expertise in inhalation science 
and scientific assessment in that space can be 
effectively repurposed to help address pressing 
needs in the wellness and healthcare sector. 

Building upon these scientific capabilities, our 
R&D investments seek to support our company’s 
scientific and business strategy for the new wellness 
and healthcare business, focusing on inhaled 
drug delivery, botanicals, and consumer health.

We dedicated our May 2021 Scientific Update 
to examining the capabilities our research on 
smoke-free products has given us and discussing 
how we can apply those capabilities to develop 
new research initiatives and products.

Over the years, many researchers in the field of harm reduction have asked us why 
we are not using our knowledge in aerosolization and inhalable devices beyond the 
tobacco harm reduction space. This was the right question to ask, and building upon 
the research expertise and knowledge we’ve gained from developing and assessing 
smoke-free products, we are in a really good position to work on, for example, inhaled 
therapeutics. This method of delivering medicines is not as well developed or as widely 
used as taking oral delivery forms such as a pill or a liquid. But delivery through the 
lung can become important for society because it has advantages over the traditional 
medication delivery methods and can address some of today’s unmet medical needs. 
Medicines delivered via the respiratory tract allow a much more rapid onset of the 
drug effect and potentially reduce side effects due to the lower dose that might be 
needed—for example, compared with taking a pill. It’s similar for botanicals: We know 
how to work with plant substrates, and we know how to aerosolize and assess botanical 
products. In short, we are leveraging the areas where we have strong research and 
technology expertise to strengthen our business while making a difference for society.”

Patrick Picavet Vice President New Business & Chief of Staff

92

93

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
e
r
a
c
h
t
l
a
e
h
d
n
a
s
s
e
n

l
l

e
w
n

i

t
c
a
p
m

i

e
v
ti
i
s
o
p
t
e
n
k
e
e
S

Strategic acquisitions

To complement our in-house science and innovation 
capabilities, we made solid progress during 2021 
on our “Innovation in wellness and healthcare” 
strategy with the acquisitions of three innovative and 
forward-looking companies that we are excited to join 
forces with and that will form the backbone of our 
purpose and new wellness and healthcare business.

In August, we announced the acquisition of 
inhaled drug specialist OtiTopic, a U.S. respiratory 
drug development company with a late-stage 
inhalable acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) candidate for 
the prevention and treatment of acute myocardial 
infarction. ASPRIHALE® is a patented, dry 
powder inhalation ASA, delivered through a 
unique self-administered aerosol. It is designed for 
patients at risk of heart attacks. In clinical trials, 
ASPRIHALE® catalyzed peak plasma concentration 
and pharmacodynamic (PD) effect in two minutes 
due to its inhalation approach, compared with 
the 28 minutes coated chewable aspirin took. 

This speed is unprecedented and can have significant 
implications for reducing the risk of morbidity 
and mortality. Cardiologists agreed that the rapid 
drug exposure and PD effects would be beneficial, 
especially during the time before the patient arrives 
at the hospital. In the U.S. alone, someone has a 
heart attack every 40 seconds. With its inhalable 
version of ASA, OtiTopic has developed an asset 
that promises to have a much faster onset of effect 
compared with oral ASA. PMI looks forward to 
completing the planned ASPRIHALE® registration 
program and bringing this important treatment to 
market to address a significant unmet medical need 
in a clinical condition where every second counts.

In September, we announced the closing of the 
acquisition of Fertin Pharma, a leading developer 
and manufacturer of innovative pharmaceutical 
and well-being products based on oral and intraoral 
delivery systems. With Fertin Pharma’s substantial 
know-how and oral delivery platforms, we plan to 
develop scientifically substantiated consumer health 
products, including over-the-counter solutions and 
supplements for better living in areas such as sleep, 
energy, calm, and focus. By serving as a critical pillar 
of the new wellness and healthcare business, as 
part of PMI’s transformation, Fertin will be uniquely 
positioned to continue to innovate and grow—
delivering on our vision of enabling people to live 
healthier lives. Our shared commitment to science 
and consumer-centric innovation forms a strong basis 
for a very successful future together. Fertin will also 
continue to grow and serve external customers as 
a leading contract development and manufacturing 
company (CDMO) in the oral formulation space.

Furthermore, we acquired Vectura, a leading specialist 
inhalation CDMO that provides innovative inhaled 
drug development solutions to help clients bring 
inhalable medicines to patients. The market for 
inhaled therapeutics is growing rapidly outside the 
traditional spaces where inhalable medicines have 
been used over the years, focusing on specialty 
disease areas with high unmet medical need and 
hence with significant potential to expand into new 
application areas beyond the current market offering. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Within the context of our new wellness and 
healthcare business, Vectura is well-positioned to 
address this market growth while becoming the 
backbone of the inhaled therapeutics arm. PMI has 
made a clear commitment to advance Vectura’s 
existing strategy, expand it geographically, and 
extend the company into the development of 
proprietary inhaled therapeutic products, alongside its 
existing CDMO business. This will benefit Vectura’s 
differentiated technologies and development 
expertise for the delivery of complex inhaled 
therapeutics and will enable us to bring our initial 
pipeline of inhaled therapeutic products to market.

Important to note is that we will be focusing on 
innovating in the method of delivery of existing 
approved and permitted molecules rather than 
on traditional new compound research, while 
always having the demands of physicians, 
payers, patients, and consumers in mind.

Repurposing the tobacco plant beyond nicotine

In 2021, the Quebec City-based biopharmaceutical 
company Medicago—in which PMI has a 
minority shareholding—applied for Canadian 
approval for its COVID-19 vaccine candidate.

Medicago is a leader in proprietary plant-based 
technology that uses virus-like particles (VLPs) to 
develop protein-based vaccines instead of relying 
on animal products or live viruses. Virus-like 
particles are used to create plant-based vaccines, 
which mimic viruses, enabling the body’s immune 
system to recognize them and create an immune 
response. But they lack the core genetic material 
of a virus, so they are not infectious and cannot 
replicate. Medicago’s technology only requires 
the genetic sequence of a viral strain, not the live 
virus itself. So, the company can mass-produce 
a therapy to attack a pandemic infection like 
COVID-19 soon after health officials identify it. 
By comparison, traditional vaccine development 
in chicken eggs takes six to nine months.

Using a plant-based approach is relatively new but 
has advanced rapidly in the past decade. For its 
COVID-19 vaccine, Covifenz, Medicago is using a 
virus-like particle grown in Nicotiana benthamiana, a 
close relative of the tobacco plant. This world-first, 
plant-derived COVID-19 vaccine was approved by 
Health Canada in late February 2022 and will be 
available in the country for adults aged 18 to 64.

Due to the close alignment of its own R&D and 
the potential synergies with this pharma company, 
PMI acquired a stake in Medicago in 2013, 
and currently holds approximately 23 percent 
of the company’s shares, as part of a wider 
push into wellness and healthcare products.

94

95

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
e
r
a
c
h
t
l
a
e
h
d
n
a
s
s
e
n

l
l

e
w
n

i

t
c
a
p
m

i

e
v
ti
i
s
o
p
t
e
n
k
e
e
S

Venture funding

Looking ahead

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We announced plans in October 2021 to dedicate 
a further USD 200 million to minority investments 
in early- and growth-stage companies through 
PM Equity Partner (PMEP), our corporate venture 
capital arm. This allocation follows a 2016 
commitment of USD 150 million, which PMEP has 
since fully invested, and is intended to support 
PMI’s smoke-free and beyond nicotine ambitions.

PMEP is focusing its investment activities on 
four distinct technology segments, investing 
in innovative and agile companies to drive 
and accelerate transformation at PMI:

• Life science innovations, such as inhaled 
therapeutics and computational research 
methodologies. Portfolio companies, including 
Biognosys (next-generation proteomics) and 
Biofourmis (AI healthcare), reinforce the active 
role of PMEP in this space. In addition, PMEP 
scouts substantiated self-care wellness companies 
in areas such as sleep, energy, calm, and focus.

• Industrial technologies such as robotics 

and automation, the internet of things, and 
technology-based process optimization.

• Product technologies, particularly those that 

relate to inhalation and aerosolization, chemical 
formulation, and biometric authentication.

• Consumer engagement technologies, such as user 
identification and age authentication, innovative 
customer care, and experience management. For 
instance, the portfolio company BOW Group 
is actively involved in driving PMI’s consumer 
engagement with its products and technologies.

PMEP is focusing its investment activities to 
support PMI’s strategy in life science and wellness, 
industrial technologies, product technologies, 
impact investing, and consumer engagement 
technologies. Through early- and growth-stage 
investments, PMI will leverage its strengths to 
help invested companies translate innovation 
into commercial success. Learn more here.

Our vision for the wellness and healthcare business is to develop best-in-class 
consumer health and inhaled prescription products that will improve people’s 
lives and address some of today’s significant unmet needs. With the acquisition 
of Vectura, Fertin, and OtiTopic, we have brought the technology platforms and 
talent on board that—combined with our scientific knowledge in preclinical safety, 
clinical, and regulatory—have laid the foundation for PMI to evolve into a broader 
wellness and healthcare company. Vectura and OtiTopic will form the backbone 
of our ambition in the inhaled therapeutics and inhaled consumer health space, 
where we have developed an initial pipeline of products that aim to bring revenue 
as of 2024. Fertin, with its differentiated, modern oral formulations, will become 
the driving force behind our ambitions in the self-care wellness space. In addition, 
we have brought on board senior leaders and other talent from the pharmaceutical 
and consumer health industry who will help us turn our ambition into reality.

Jorge Insuasty, President, Vectura Fertin and Chief Life Sciences Officer

Our scientific and technological leadership has enabled us to reinvent our 
company in our pursuit of a smoke-free future. We will continue our journey, 
aiming to generate at least USD 1 billion in annual net revenues from products 
in wellness and healthcare by 2025, by leveraging and integrating recent 
acquisitions that give us the capacity to keep developing in areas that have net 
positive impact. These acquisitions further highlight that our long-term plan 
is equal parts solid strategy, strong financials, and best-in-class sustainability 
performance. Through our venture capital arm, we also plan to invest in and 
closely follow up on early- and growth-stage companies focused on life science 
innovation, industrial technologies, product technologies, and consumer 
engagement technologies that can help us propel progress on our purpose.

Emmanuel Babeau, Chief Financial Officer

96

97

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
P R O D U C T   I M P A C T

Reduce post-consumer waste

Beyond our primary focus of replacing cigarettes with less harmful alternatives 
for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke—thereby reducing  
the negative impacts of our products on the health of our consumers— 
we understand the need to address the environmental impact of our products  
by embedding principles of circularity and eco-design, implementing  
effective post-consumer waste management solutions, addressing litter, and 
promoting responsible disposal of products at their end-of-life.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right thing to do

The business case

At PMI, we believe we can and should play a 
role in reducing waste from our products and 
addressing the issue of littering by helping 
develop and scale up innovative solutions. 

Reducing and appropriately managing post-consumer 
waste means we can extract, convert, and use 
fewer raw materials from a planet with limited 
natural resources. Moreover, committing to the 
safe and responsible disposal of this waste is the 
right thing to do, as we share society’s concerns 
regarding the impacts of litter—such as pollution 
and harm to wildlife. We recognize our role in 
working to preserve natural environments. 

Beyond ecological considerations, inadequate 
post-consumer waste management and litter 
carries societal and financial impacts ranging from 
cleanup costs to perceptions of untidiness and 
reduced safety in areas with high litter prevalence. 
Appropriately addressing post-consumer waste 
helps us enhance our brand equity and company 
reputation and meet consumer expectations. 
It also allows us to mitigate implications for our 
bottom line, as producers increasingly are asked to 
participate in cleanup costs, for instance. Finally, 
it motivates us to innovate in a way that can drive 
competitive advantage by devising more circular 
value chains. These value chains are linked not only 
to less waste and less litter but also to better use 
of materials and higher operational efficiency—all 
of which are good for our triple bottom line. 

O U R   A S P I R A T I O N S

SI

Sustainability Index

Devices

Consumables

Packaging

2022

2023

2025

C O N T E N T S

100  Our management approach

Progress in 2021

101  Focusing on plastic

102  Addressing cigarette butt littering

105  Managing waste from our  

smoke-free consumables

109  Improving circularity of our  

smoke-free devices

114  Reducing and improving packaging

117  Looking ahead

70%

effective recycling rate 
of our IQOS devices²

≥1 million 

SI

smoke-free electronic 
devices refreshed or repaired 
(cumulative since 2021)

100%

SI

of smoke-free electronic devices 
introduced on the market as 
of the end of 2025 that have 
eco-design certification

100%

of PMI smoke-free product 
users have access to collection 
and recovery of devices

80%

effective recycling rate 
of our IQOS devices²

100%

recyclable inner liners by year-end¹

100% 

of packaging made with 
recyclable materials

95%

of packaging materials coming 
from renewable sources

15%

reduction of packaging materials 
weight versus 2018 baseline

≥80%

SI

of shipment volumes covered 
by markets with anti-littering 
programs in place for 
combustible cigarettes

≥80%

SI

of shipment volume covered 
by markets with end-of-life 
take-back programs in place 
for smoke-free consumables

98

99

1  For all markets where possible in compliance with local regulatory requirements.
2  Effective recycling rate is calculated based on the proportion of device sales volume covered by the CIRCLE hubs program 

multiplied by the recycling rate of devices at the CIRCLE hubs (weighted average).

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

Our management approach

Progress in 2021

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our strategies and related initiatives are guided 
by a set of policies and principles, including 
our Environmental Commitment, Anti-Littering 
Policy, and Sustainable Design Framework, 
complemented by specific internal guidelines.

In 2021, to accelerate the delivery of a smoke-free 
future, PMI established a new category management 
structure for its smoke-free and combustible 
cigarettes businesses. Our President, Smoke-Free 
Products Category & Chief Consumer Officer and 
our President, Combustibles Category & Global 
Combustibles Marketing are responsible for driving 
our agenda on post-consumer waste management 
for their respective categories. Additional efforts 
are steered cross-functionally. With regard to our 
smoke-free products, we set up a dedicated cross-
functional governance board in 2021 which oversees 
strategies and progress related to our device life 
extension and consumables end-of-life programs.

Our intention is to preserve resources, reduce 
waste, and prevent inappropriate disposal, including 
littering. We do this by designing our products with 
the principles of circularity and waste reduction in 
mind, accounting for the products’ environmental 
impact at the early stages of development, and 
offering consumers solutions to play their part and 
dispose of end-of-life products appropriately.

To reduce post-consumer waste across our 
portfolio, we seek to design and implement 
impactful strategies tailored to our various products 
and packaging and tied to specific targets:

• Cigarettes: We aim to reduce cigarette butt 
littering by encouraging behavior change 
through impactful awareness-raising campaigns 
and by empowering consumers to dispose of 
cigarette butts appropriately. We also intend 
to tackle the issue at the source, continuously 
working to replace the plastic in filters with 
better, more sustainable alternatives.

• Smoke-free consumables: As we grow our 
smoke-free business, we seek to ensure that 
the consumables used with our electronic 
devices are disposed of responsibly at their 
end-of-life and that users have access to take-
back and recycling schemes that have an 
environmental benefit, are economically viable, 
and are valued by consumers. Further, we strive 
to design new generations of consumables with 
waste reduction and recyclability in mind.

• Smoke-free electronic devices: To reduce the 

depletion of finite resources, we aim to integrate 
sustainability into our product design, drive 
circularity by improving recyclability, and increase 
opportunities to refresh and repair used devices.

• Packaging: We strive to minimize packaging 

materials and improve their circularity by increasing 
their recyclability and promoting the use of 
materials made from renewable resources.

Focusing on plastic

As a global manufacturer, we source plastic materials and plastic-containing items for products such 
as our consumables (e.g., our heated tobacco units and cigarettes), devices, and packaging.

Globally in 2021, we purchased around 136,000 tons of plastic. The largest share was bioplastics used  
in the filters of cigarettes and heated tobacco units.

PMI’s 2021 plastic footprint

Cigarette filters

Heated tobacco unit filters

Packaging

Cigarette ﬁlters

55.8%

Electronic devices

55.8%

25.6%

17.8%

0.8%

Heated tobacco
unit ﬁlters 

25.6%

Packaging

17.8%

Note: Plastic footprint is calculated excluding KT&G 
commercialized by PMI, e-vapor products, and nicotine 
pouches. In 2021, we adjusted our methodology to calculate 
our plastic footprint and incorporated additional primary 
data.

Electronic devices 0.8%

One of our main end goals is to tackle the plastic 
pollution caused by the littering of our products. 
During 2021, as announced in our 2019 Integrated 
Report, we focused on better understanding our 
global plastic litter footprint. To measure this, we 
combined data for our company’s overall plastics 
footprint with data collected from consumer behavior 
in different countries and for different products. 
More concretely, for relevant plastic-containing 
products that we market (including consumables 
and packaging), we assessed littering rates through 
consumer surveys in our main markets. We then 
calculated the resulting amount of plastic being 
littered by product based on full year sales data 
multiplied by plastic content and by littering rate.

In addition, following a 2020 pilot in Portugal, we 
fine-tuned our model to broaden its application and 
measure the prevalence of plastic litter resulting  
from our cigarettes and heated tobacco units found 
on the ground. 

For this initiative, we teamed with Litterati, the 
leading anti-littering organization, who collected 
litter data in more than 50 cities in 40 countries 
and photographed litter items in various urban 
environments. Data analyst CARTO then extrapolated 
the georeferenced data collected locally to provide 
us with global figures. A deeper analysis of the litter 
prevalence data revealed insights useful in improving 
our anti-littering campaigns. For example, our study 
uncovered that cigarette butt litter is more prevalent 
in commercial, business, and commuting zones and 
lower in residential areas. Food, drink, and leisure 
establishments, bus and train stops, and areas 
illuminated at night all showed higher litter prevalence. 
Customizing awareness campaigns to users in these 
areas, therefore, can be more effective. Working 
in collaboration with these partners allowed us to 
generate detailed litter prevalence maps for cities and 
countries worldwide that will inform future campaigns.

100

101

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

The combination of these two exercises—calculating 
our global plastic litter footprint and the prevalence of 
plastic litter resulting from our consumables—proved 
to be a valuable learning experience, which honed 
our understanding of both the complexity of the 
issue and the need for concrete metrics to measure 
progress and guide our actions moving forward, 
in a way that can prove useful and impactful.

While our original intent was to leverage this 
methodology annually to monitor progress towards 
decreasing the amount of plastic littered, the exercise 
revealed limitations to this approach. Limitations 
include the lack of reliable and standardized consumer 
behavior studies as well as the exacerbated reliance 
on assumptions and extrapolations which made the 
methodology unreliable, very expensive, and not very 
impactful. We also realize there is a need to establish 
tailored and context-based targets, accompanied 
by detailed strategies and initiatives that can best 
encourage behavior change, prevent littering, and 
support cleanup activities, while defining concrete 
and clear ways to both define success and be able 
to measure progress towards achieving it. Moreover, 
working toward removing plastic litter highlighted 
the opportunity business can have in offering 
opportunities for innovation to resolve systemic 
issues, like the one that relates to plastic litter. 

There is a pressing need for our R&D to support 
ongoing efforts that holistically resolve the issue 
of plastic pollution, starting from its source. This 
means finding ways in which we can reduce 
the amount of plastic used across our devices, 
consumables, and packaging through better design 
and the use of more sustainable materials.

Addressing cigarette butt littering

Around one million tons of cigarette filters 
are produced annually across the tobacco 
industry.1 Although most are disposed of 
properly post-consumption, too many are 
casually littered into the environment.

Our approach

To tackle cigarette butt littering, we 
apply a three-pronged approach:

1.  Design for circularity: Invest in R&D toward 
filters made of more sustainable, plastic-free 
alternatives that allow faster biodegrading, 
resolving the issue of plastic litter altogether.
2.  Encourage behavioral change: Inspire change in 
consumer habits through impactful anti-littering 
awareness programs and initiatives to empower 
consumers to dispose of cigarette butts properly. 
These initiatives include communications 
campaigns and cleanup activities to raise 
awareness, partnerships, portable disposal 
solutions, and improvement of public equipment 
solutions.

3.  Reduce litter on the ground through efficient and 
cost-effective collection schemes. In the EU, 
cigarette manufacturers will be required to 
contribute to the costs of collecting and cleaning 
up cigarette butt litter. The Single-Use Plastics 
(SUP) Directive requires that producers 
participate in industry-wide Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) schemes. EPR is an 
established governance scheme for circular waste 
management; it is now being used for the first 
time in the EU to address the problem of littering. 
We support the concept of an industry wide EPR, 
provided such schemes are managed in a cost-
efficient, proportionate, and transparent way that 
addresses the objectives of reducing litter and 
changing consumer behavior.

With behavioral change being one of the key elements 
of our strategy, we understand the need to develop 
and implement actions that respond to local realities 
and the socioeconomic and cultural specificities of the 
various places where we operate. With this in mind, 
we included a new ambition and corresponding KPI 
in our revamped 2025 Roadmap and Sustainability 
Index: for markets collectively covering more than 
80 percent of our combustible product shipment 
volumes to deploy meaningful programs tackling 
cigarette butt littering by the end of 2025.

Design for circularity

From an environmental perspective, the ideal and 
most sustainable scenario would be for our products 
to generate zero litter post-consumption. We 
continue to work toward this goal, seeking design 
options that avoid, or at least significantly reduce, 
the polluting impact of litter. Our intention is to 
develop filters with a significantly lower environmental 
footprint. We are aware that materials changes alone 
will not solve the littering problem, but they may 
help mitigate the environmental impacts of residual 
littering by those consumers who do not engage in 
behavioral change driven by anti-littering programs.

For many years, we have been actively investing 
in R&D to explore and assess the viability of 
alternative cigarette filter materials that have a lower 
environmental impact than cellulose acetate (CA), 
an already renewable and partially biodegradable 
material. We evaluate alternative filter materials 
via extensive analytical testing, machinability trials, 
biodegradation evaluations, and prototype testing 
among consumers to understand their acceptability.

What are cigarette filters made of?

The main constituent of cigarette filters is 
cellulose acetate (CA), a bioplastic made 
from wood-based cellulose. Contrary to 
common belief, CA does biodegrade over 
several months or years (depending on the 
surrounding conditions) and does not accumulate 
in the environment over time. In contrast, 
conventional plastics made from petrochemicals 
take hundreds of years to degrade, often 
breaking down to form microplastics.

1  https://www.pmi.com/media-center/news/new-pmi-survey-finds-

encouraging-signs-in-cigarette-butt-littering-behavior-and-attitudes-
and-key-areas-to-address

102

103

Any new filter material or design must satisfy  
stringent criteria:

• Comparable filtration efficiency and 

performance consistent with CA filters

• Acceptable taste characteristics and 

experience for consumers

• Similar or reduced material carbon 
footprint compared with CA filters

• Substantial improvement in marine, 

aquatic, and soil biodegradation compared 
with CA filters or a significant reduction 
in the plastic content of the filter

• Conduciveness to industrialization at scale

Over the past years, some tested materials 
have met one or more of the above criteria 
but we are yet to find an alternative to CA that 
satisfies all five. We will continue to explore 
options as new materials and processes become 
available, and science and innovation evolves.

In 2022, we plan to continue our exploration 
and use consumer research to better understand 
and validate consumer acceptance of alternative 
non-plastic filters in some of our key markets.

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

Encourage behavior change

While many consumers dispose of their waste 
properly, too much waste ends up in the environment. 
We seek to help change behaviors to prevent 
cigarette butt littering and encourage proper 
waste disposal. To that end, we run global and 
local awareness and anti-littering campaigns.

Tackling the issues of cigarette butt littering locally
Smoking habits, environmental awareness, and 
disposal practices vary by country, so combating 
cigarette butt littering requires tailored approaches. 
Accordingly, our affiliates follow a global methodology 
while also focusing on impactful, context-based 
strategies appropriate for their respective markets. 
These local anti-littering campaigns are run by our 
affiliates, with central support and guidance. In 
2021, we had active campaigns in 46 countries.

Our efforts to raise awareness focus both on 
specific littering hot spots—such as high-traffic 
urban areas, squares, and parks identified as 
priorities by local authorities—and on reaching 
significant numbers of consumers to drive societal 
change. Insights gathered from our litter prevalence 
assessment in 2021 will help further guide our 
work, allowing us to strategically focus on those 
areas with the highest incidence of littering.

Cleanup campaigns are predominantly designed 
to raise public awareness of the littering problem 
in the communities in which they occur rather 
than resolving the problem of littering or replacing 
more cost-efficient public cleaning services. For 
instance, in Canada, through a collaboration with 
the Great Outdoors Fund in 2021, we supported 
20 local organizations with cleanup initiatives 
involving more than 600,000 volunteers who 
collectively donated over 10 million hours of 
their time to gather 1,700 tons of litter.

C A S E   S T U D Y

Partnering up to tackle the  
littering problem through  
innovation in Mexico

We also partner with civil society organizations  
on cigarette butt collection projects as part of our 
wider awareness-raising efforts and with a view to 
developing viable recycling solutions for cigarette 
butts. For example, our affiliate in Mexico developed 
a comprehensive communication campaign that 
engages adult smokers and other citizens in helping 
to solve the problem of waste management. The 
initiative has created a nationwide network of 
volunteer ambassadors who bring communities 
together to collect cigarette butts, with more than 
400 collection points nationwide. The team has also 
partnered with Ecofilter, an organization that has 
developed an innovative biotechnological treatment 
that regenerates cellulose acetate into cellulose pulp. 

a Read more in our case study here.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Raising awareness globally
As in previous years, we had the opportunity 
in 2021 to join the annual World Cleanup Day 
(where COVID-19 conditions allowed it). Our 
affiliates’ participation in this global action—the 
world’s largest litter cleanup event—is part of our 
public sensitization efforts and signals our broader 
commitment to tackle the issue of cigarette butt 
littering. While the pandemic limited many of the 
events we had planned, around 3,150 volunteers 
across 53 countries (including PMI employees and 
their friends and family members) actively contributed 
to picking up around 17 tons of litter. We added 
a global challenge element to the activity through 
a partnership with Litterati, whereby participants 
could download a mobile app allowing them to log, 
tally, and share how much litter they collected.

We also further developed Our World Is Not 
an Ashtray, a web-based corporate platform to 
educate, inspire, and engage the public on the 
issue of littering. Through this campaign, we share 
facts and figures, testimonials, and calls to action. 
A few of our affiliates also use this platform as 
a basis for local awareness-raising initiatives.

In 2021, we also continued the deployment of our 
Marlboro limited-edition “Leave No Trace” pack, 
which communicates anti-littering messages to 
adult smokers in 11 markets (2020: nine). During 
the year, more than 30 million packs were sold at 
more than 482,000 points of sale, and we estimate 
they reached more than 2.3 million adult smokers.

Managing waste from  
our smoke-free consumables

We seek to minimize the environmental impact of 
the consumables used in our smoke-free category. 
These include the heated tobacco units (HTUs) 
used with our heat-not-burn products (including 
the HEETS brand used with IQOS 3 DUO and 
previous generations, the TEREA sticks used with 
the new IQOS ILUMA, and the Fiit sticks used with 
lil devices), as well as the VEEV pods used with 
our e-vapor device. With each product launch, 
we will evaluate the need for a consumables 
take-back program based on environmental 
impact, consumer need, and market feasibility.

Long term, we aim to reduce our post-consumer 
waste by design and explore low-carbon, 
recyclable, and biodegradable alternatives to 
the materials currently used in our smoke-free 
consumables. In the interim, we are focused on 
establishing services to help our adult consumers 
reduce the end-of-life impact of our products.

The consumption and post-consumption behaviors 
related to our smoke-free products differ drastically 
from cigarette consumption. Unlike cigarettes, 
HTUs do not need to be stubbed out after use, 
and they contain no smelly smoke residues, which 
makes them easier to keep until proper disposal 
and therefore less likely to be littered. In 2020, 
we ran a survey in Lithuania to complement past 
studies in Greece, Italy, and Japan to measure the 
proportion of HTUs versus cigarette butts found on 
the ground. In partnership with third-party experts 
at Cortexia, we then compared that figure with the 
market share of HTUs versus all tobacco products. 
Across the three major cities in Lithuania, the 
percentage of used HTUs among tobacco products 
littered was between 2.4 and 4.5 times lower than 
their sales market share. This finding suggests that 
a heated tobacco unit is on average three times 
less likely to be littered than a cigarette butt.

104

105

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

Deploying anti-littering and  
take-back programs

To further mitigate the risk of littering, we have set 
an ambition as part of our revamped 2025 Roadmap 
to implement context-based, impactful anti-littering 
programs to collect and manage post-consumer 
waste from our smoke-free consumables in markets 
representing at least 80 percent of our smoke-free 
shipment volume by the end of 2025. We will report 
our progress annually against this new KPI. The 
programs align with global requirements to ensure 
consistency and comparability over time but are 
adapted to deployment realities in each market. 

In 2021, we piloted such programs in nine markets—
including those featured on the right—allowing us 
to gather valuable insights for a global rollout.

As these pilots unfold, we will continue to monitor 
their progress and share learnings globally. 
The insights and improvement opportunities 
will fuel the rollout of consumables take-back 
and recycling programs globally by 2025.

In March 2021, our affiliate in Mexico  
launched its take-back program for HTUs,  
with special collection bags made available to 
adult users at IQOS stores. The heated tobacco 
units are then processed by our partner 
Ecofilter using an innovative biotechnological 
treatment that regenerates cellulose acetate 
into cellulose pulp. Read more in the case 
study available here. By year-end, more 
than one in 10 adult users was returning 
their used consumables to the stores.

 “The partnership between Ecofilter 
and Philip Morris Mexico is a clear 
example of how our commitment  
to sustainability and to a smoke-free 
future are one and the same. With 
collaboration among stakeholders, 
vision, leadership, and resources, in 
addition to science and technology, 
a lot can be achieved, and we will 
deliver a smoke-free future.”

Andrzej Dabrowski, Managing Director, PM Mexico

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our affiliate in Canada launched its smoke-free 
recycling program at the end of 2021, partnering 
with TerraCycle and inviting consumers to return 
their used heated tobacco units, VEEV devices, 
and any branded vape pod (including VEEV) 
at more than 120 convenient locations.

For the launch of VEEV in Finland in 2021, we 
took into account the consumer expectation of 
convenient recycling solutions for pods. Collection 
points have been established in 470 locations around 
the country. We also provide reusable collection 
pouches to consumers for greater convenience.

In Guatemala, we provide cornstarch resealable 
bags in which consumers can place their used HTUs 
and return them to collection points across the 
country. Meanwhile, in Costa Rica, consumables 
have been collected since December 2021 and used 
for ongoing research by the Chemical Regency of 
the University of Costa Rica. Various alternatives for 
recycling are currently under evaluation, including the 
production of biochar, a soil improvement solution.

 “Consumers have responded  

very well to the opportunity to reduce 
their footprint and contribute to 
protecting the environment. We are 
convinced that we must face great 
challenges together in this ambitious 
journey for a more sustainable future.”

Susana Vásquez, Director, External Affairs,  
PM Central America Markets

In Switzerland, at the end of 2021, we launched a 
pilot take-back and recycling program for heated 
tobacco units. Adult users of our smoke-free 
products can now collect HTUs in special bags 
and return them to our IQOS branded stores in 
person or via mail. We then send the collected 
HTUs to our recycling partner, TerraCycle.

 “We are very excited to pilot this 

innovative program for heated tobacco 
units in Switzerland, where sustainability 
plays an important role in day-to-day life. 
The HEETS and TEREA take-back program 
is only a first step toward reducing the 
waste generated by our products and 
is an expression of both our care and 
of our commitment to our consumers. 
Sustainability is at the heart of PMI’s 
transformation, and we look forward  
to growing and evolving the program.”

Alina-Virginia Frincu Director, Marketing and Digital,  
PM Switzerland

106

107

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

Introducing the innovative bladeless SMARTCORE INDUCTION SYSTEM™ 
—IQOS ILUMA and TEREA sticks 

At the heart of the SMARTCORE INDUCTION 
SYSTEMTM is a metal heating element, coated 
with stainless steel and placed at the core of the 
TEREA tobacco sticks. The heating element has 
been specifically designed to heat TEREA tobacco 
sticks from within and release the taste of tobacco 
consistently throughout the entire experience. 
This technology allowed us to remove the heating 
blade from the ILUMA device, which simplified the 
insertion and extraction experience, improved 
the consistency of each stick performance, and 
eliminated the need to clean the device. The 
combination of consistent and satisfying taste 
experience with the ease of use and lack of need 
to clean the device creates a compelling value 
proposition to further accelerate conversion of 
adult smokers, advancing tobacco harm reduction.

As we continuously work to enhance the 
environmental profile of our products and support 
our littering reduction targets, the absolute weight 
of plastic content in TEREA sticks was reduced by 
approximately 45 percent compared with HEETS. 
To further support our littering reduction ambition, 
the consumables end-of-life program, designed 
to promote responsible post-consumer waste 
management, is included in the TEREA launch and 
roll-out plans, giving adult consumers a user-friendly 
way to collect and return their used consumables 
to us for responsible disposal or recycling.

Innovative metal 
heating element, 
coated with stainless 
steel and placed inside 
the tobacco stick

Air-flow chamber that 
ensures that just the right 
amount of aerosol passes 
through the stick for a 
satisfying and easy draw

Front seal that keeps 
the holder clean 
after use and ensures 
easy insertion and 
extraction of the 
tobacco stick

Protective 
paper wrap

Cooling plug, made 
of cellulose acetate, 
that cools down the 
aerosol temperature

Tobacco part, made of a 
finely ground and specially 
prepared tobacco blend

Note: IQOS ILUMA is designed to be used only with TEREA SMARTCORE STICKS. IQOS ILUMA and TEREA SMARTCORE STICKS must not be 
used with previous generations of IQOS, as this may damage the device. As TEREA SMARTCORE STICKS contain a sharp metal part that can 
cause serious injury if swallowed, they must be kept out of reach of children and pets, and must not be ingested or disassembled.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Improving circularity of our 
smoke-free devices

By integrating sustainability considerations 
into our product design—from development 
to end-of-use—we can reduce environmental 
impacts as well as associated costs.

Our approach

At PMI, we are committed to understanding and 
managing environmental impacts across our entire 
value chain, including the life cycles of our products. 
Improving the sustainability profile of our smoke-free 
products is particularly important as we continue 
to deliver technologically advanced products for 
adults who would otherwise continue to smoke or 
use other nicotine products. These products are at 
the heart of our transition to a smoke-free future.

With respect to our smoke-free product 
devices, our 2025 eco-design and 
circularity ambitions are as follows:

• Provide access to device collection 

and recovery to all IQOS users

• Continue to reduce the carbon footprint 

of our smoke-free products in line 
with our science-based targets

• Achieve eco-certification for all PMI 

smoke-free electronic devices introduced 
on the market as of the end of 2025

• Pursue improvements in areas such as 

durability, design for repair, and recycling

Meeting these goals relies on a systematic approach 
that considers sustainability from the start of the 
product development process. Our work is guided 
by our Sustainable Design Framework, which 
accounts for impacts related to materials selection 
and sourcing, components production and product 
manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end-of-
life. The guidelines are embedded into our innovation 
stage-gate processes, and we continually reinforce our 
requirements and principles at each design stage gate.

To manage the end-of-life of our electronic devices, 
our centralized CIRCLE hubs inspect, process, and 
separate materials for recycling. We continue to 
grow the capacity of these hubs, also implementing 
repair and refresh capabilities, and to expand their 
coverage by onboarding new markets. In certain 
instances (e.g., in the case of challenges related to 
cross-border transportation of electronic waste), 
we will complement our centralized approach 
with local solutions. We expect to leverage the 
learnings from our CIRCLE hubs to guide and 
centrally govern such local solutions, ensuring 
they are aligned with our standards and support 
progress toward our global recycling targets.

Embedding eco-design principles into 
our products

Each product generation we launch 
incorporates improvements in quality, ease 
of use, durability, or performance.

Durability by design
In 2021, we started the commercialization of the 
latest generation of our heat-not-burn devices, under 
the IQOS ILUMA brand. These bladeless devices offer 
a cleaner way to heat tobacco from the core, without 
burning it, to provide a more consistent experience, 
no tobacco residue, and no need to clean the device. 
This supports our objective to design products with a 
prolonged life cycle and to mitigate potential returns 
due to consumer complaints. Further, it allowed us 
to minimize product accessories thus reducing the 
amount of resources and materials used, as cleaning 
sticks and other tools are no longer needed.

Reducing our product carbon footprint
In general, our smoke-free products have a higher 
carbon footprint than combustible cigarettes. This 
is primarily due to the inclusion of an electronic 
device, which involves new components and 
requires electricity to charge. Additionally, the 
process used to manufacture consumables such as 
HTUs is more energy intensive than for cigarettes 
due to the production of cast leaf tobacco.

We are working to reduce the carbon footprint 
of new versions of our smoke-free products 
compared with previous ones through improved 
manufacturing processes, extending the usable 
life of our electronic devices, and decreasing the 
total carbon footprint through smart materials 
selection and sustainable design practices.

108

109

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

We use life-cycle analysis (LCA) to assess the carbon 
footprint of our products, from tobacco sourcing to 
device end-of-life impacts. This analysis applies to 
IQOS devices, heated tobacco units, and packaging.

In 2020, we finalized the results for our new 
heat-not-burn product, IQOS ILUMA, which 
we launched in two markets in 2021.

IQOS ILUMA represents a new generation of 
products and therefore sets a new baseline for 
carbon footprint. It comes with new induction 
technology and quality improvements that address 
consumer pain points and aims to prolong the 
product life cycle, hence reducing its environmental 
impact over time despite a slightly higher carbon 
footprint than previous device generations that 
were based on blade technology. We strongly 
believe that IQOS ILUMA will be a key driver to 
support our smoke-free future objectives.

We aim to drive continuous improvement in 
future product generations. To this end, we have 
designed assessment guidelines to further embed 
sustainability (including carbon-related) considerations 
in the early stages of the development process. 
We will start applying those guidelines as part of 
our roadmap toward eco-design certification.

Eco-design certification
Product eco-design certification can drive performance 
by raising the standards to pursue and provide 
comprehensive information to consumers, enabling 
them to make more sustainable product choices when 
switching from cigarettes to smoke-free products. 
In 2021, we conducted an in-depth assessment of 
certification schemes and established a roadmap to 
meet our ambition of having all smoke-free electronic 
devices launched as of the end of 2025 eco-design 
certified. We also established a dedicated committee 
composed of senior leaders from our Product team.

Smoke-free products—and heated tobacco products, 
in particular—are a relatively new product category. 
As such, they typically are not covered by existing 
eco-design certification standards. Accordingly, we are 
implementing a two-pronged approach. Ultimately, we 
seek to develop and implement new category standards 
as necessary to achieve our certification goal. In the 
shorter term, we are working to identify other ways to 
publicly disclose the sustainability performance of our 
products through structured disclosure programs.

A prerequisite to achieving our product eco-design 
certification ambition is to continue cascading 
our criteria for sustainable design and integrating 
eco-design certification requirements into our 
materials selection and development processes.

Life-cycle assessment: Comparison of some PMI products (kgCO2e/year)

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Extending smoke-free product life cycle

We strive for our products to last and increasingly aim 
to refresh and repair them so they stay in use as long 
as possible. Achieving this starts with imposing high 
standards of quality and reliability (read more here) 
and extends to proper care, steps to refresh, repair, 
and refurbish devices, and recycling. In other words, 
we are evolving from a collection-for-recycling model 
to a collection-for-recovery one. This means we need 
to develop criteria to facilitate the product triage 
needed to expand our refresh and repair capabilities.

In this context, we have identified the following 
key dimensions to be addressed: (1) collection and 
triage of devices, distinguishing between those to 
be recycled and those to be refreshed or repaired; 
(2) refresh and repair capabilities that meet quality 
requirements; and (3) re-marketing of products.

The first two pillars are highly interdependent, as the 
criteria and procedures for device triage are linked 
to the extent of our refresh and repair capabilities. 
As these capabilities will strengthen over time, the 
triage model will also evolve, allowing a greater 
proportion of devices to be refreshed or repaired.

Preserve through proper device care
The first pillar of our work is device life 
extension through better care.

We strive to help users of smoke-free electronic 
products look after their devices so they serve 
them longer and to encourage them to return 
the devices to us after use so we can give 
them new life via a refresh, repair, or recycling. 
We seek to minimize consumer pain points 
with simple tips pertaining to regular device 
cleaning at home or professional cleaning in 
our boutiques, software updates, and proper 
charging. These simple actions help reduce 
the number of devices ending up as waste.

Building on this work, we are leveraging processes 
and tools in our sales channels (e.g., our stores, 
e-commerce websites, and IQOS coaches) 
to prolong the life of our devices and avoid 
e-waste through appropriate device care.

These efforts include avoiding unnecessary 
product replacements through proper device 
diagnosis and streamlined procedures for returns, 
warranties, and loyalty programs. In 2021, we 
maintained or expanded several service-based 
solutions aimed at extending product lifetimes 
through device optimization and maintenance. 

37

36

36

Supply of raw 
materials & 
components

Manufacturing 
process

Commercialization

Use

Disposal

33

32

32

24

19

IQOS 2.4+

IQOS 3

IQOS 3 
Multi

Combustible 
cigarette

Heat-not-burn 
blade technology

IQOS 3 
VEEV

E-vapor 
product

IQOS ILUMA 
PRIME

IQOS ILUMA 
ONE

IQOS ILUMA 
ILUMA

Heat-not-burn 
induction technology

This graphic is an internal assessment based on data compiled from three different LCAs and assumes 20 heated 
tobacco units per day. Scope includes materials, manufacturing, and end-of-life, but excludes logistics.

110

111

Returned  
devices

Preserve
Proper device care

Second life
Product refresh 
or repair

Recycle
devices back into 
raw materials

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Enhance circularity: device recycling
For those broken or end-of-service products 
that cannot be given a second life, our reverse-
logistics program helps to recycle materials back 
into the economy. Our CIRCLE program provides 
centralized hubs that inspect, process, and separate 
materials from our electronic devices for recycling. 

Our CIRCLE hubs in Hungary and Japan continued 
to drive excellence in e-waste management in 2021. 
The recycling rate of our products in these two hubs 
combined stood at 86 percent for the year  
(78 percent recycling and 8 percent incineration 
with energy recovery). We also continued expanding 
CIRCLE hub coverage, bringing the total to 14 markets 
covered by our CIRCLE program at the end of 2021. 
This allowed us to achieve 63 percent market volume 
coverage globally (up from 48 percent in 2020) and 
progress toward our target of 100 percent by 2025.

Considering regulatory restrictions related to 
e-waste transportation, we cannot fully leverage 
our recycling standards at the centralized hubs. 
Hence, we will further assess potential CIRCLE 
capabilities that may be implemented locally yet 
governed by central standards. In 2022, we plan 
to define a set of consistent criteria to account 
for local solutions under our CIRCLE program. 
Nonetheless, our key objective remains to drive 
centralization of our efforts, as we believe this 
approach can bring several benefits, including 
economies of scale, regional investment, illicit trade 
prevention, and quality enhancements (accelerating 
design and manufacturing improvements).

We remain committed to maintaining a recycling 
rate of above 80 percent for our smoke-free 
devices in our CIRCLE hubs while gradually 
expanding coverage. As new hubs and products 
are introduced, we will continue to improve 
our recycling capabilities. We aim to increase 
our effective recycling rate from 53 percent in 
2021 to our target of 80 percent by 2025.1

Accessories

As we progress with device recycling, we are 
exploring possibilities to close the loop by reusing 
materials to produce new accessories for our 
products. For instance, we have designed a 
collection of IQOS 3 accessories made out of 
IQOS devices recycled in our CIRCLE hubs. 
The collection consists of four SKUs and will be 
launched in three markets as a pilot. We expect this 
initiative to further encourage consumers to play 
an active role in reducing post-consumer waste.

1  The effective recycling rate is calculated based on the proportion of devices 
covered by the CIRCLE program multiplied by the actual recycling rate of 
devices at the CIRCLE hubs in Hungary and Japan (weighted average), to which 
we add the theoretical recycling rate of the Russian CIRCLE hub, established in 
late 2021, multiplied by the CIRCLE program coverage of the Russian market.

e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

For instance, we released a global campaign and 
made a mobile application available for IQOS users 
in 18 markets that provides tips on how to use and 
clean the devices, as well as basic troubleshooting 
instructions. We also installed firmware upgrade 
retail solutions in all markets in which our smoke-
free products are sold to make device maintenance 
more convenient and support product life-cycle 
extension. Overall, the combination of device 
quality improvements and consumer-facing efforts 
contributed to reducing our device return rate 
by around one-third in the past two years.

Promote device second life: refresh and repair
We strive to establish commercially viable 
programs that offer a second life to devices 
and cycle them back into the economy.

We are in the early stages of moving from a 
collection-for-recycling model to a collection-for-
recovery model, which will help us attain meaningful 
circularity. We took steps in 2021 to prepare and 
scale up capabilities at our CIRCLE hubs to enable 
the processing of devices for a second life. To guide 
us in this journey, we have set an ambitious target 
to refresh or repair at least one million smoke-
free electronic devices by 2025 (cumulative since 
2021). Key prerequisites of a successful second-
life strategy include the ability to collect and 
sort devices, distinguishing between those to be 
recycled and those to be recovered, and to repair 
devices according to quality and safety standards.

“ Considering that we launched 
IQOS in the Czech and Slovak 
markets back in 2017, naturally 
some of our customers possess 
devices that have reached the end 
of their technological life cycle.  
We would like to motivate them  
not to throw the electronic 
equipment in mixed waste, but 
rather to return it to us so that we 
can take care of it on their behalf.”

Marta Barbara Keszczyk Head of Direct Retail,  
PM Czech Republic and Slovakia

In 2021, to build a foundation for our device 
second-life program, we conducted pilots to test 
the IQOS refreshed value proposition in several 
markets across Europe and Asia. In five of these 
markets (Austria, Germany, Japan, Switzerland, 
and U.K.), we collected and refreshed devices 
returned by consumers at the end of the device trial 
period (our lending program allows adult smokers 
to test the product for a maximum of 30 days). 
Product refreshes do not involve replacing internal 
components but, rather, swapping in new external 
components when damaged, deep cleaning, and 
repackaging. We worked with our partners at our 
CIRCLE hubs in Hungary and Japan to apply triage 
criteria. We determined whether each component 
merited recovery or recycling, primarily focusing on 
the IQOS chargers and holders. We also considered 
user documents, packaging boxes, and charging 
cables. We refreshed around 62,000 devices during 
this pilot phase and resold them in eight markets 
(the five pilot countries plus Malaysia, New Zealand, 
and Portugal), either as a pilot or as part of the 
standard product assortment. Overall, the results 
of the pilots, along with consumers’ direct feedback 
and research insights, confirmed the validity and 
potential of the second-life concept and encouraged 
us to continue our journey toward circularity.

The refreshed products were sold at 
lower price points than new ones and 
demonstrated high consumer satisfaction.

Also in 2021, we piloted an extended collection 
of used devices from consumers in two markets: 
the Czech Republic and Slovakia. Our take-back 
program has been designed to accept returns of 
any used devices consumers no longer want. We 
deployed dedicated collection boxes across our 
IQOS retail network, covering 56 shops in the Czech 
Republic and 19 in Slovakia. We then sent the 
returned electronic devices to the CIRCLE hub in 
Hungary for recycling. The initiative has been met 
with a very positive reaction from consumers.

One of our next priorities will be to expand the 
collection of used devices via other consumer 
programs and increase their processing for 
a second life. We plan to further expand the 
program’s geographic coverage and will continue 
to increase our refresh and repair capabilities.

112

113

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

Reducing and improving 
packaging

Our approach to packaging contributes 
significantly to our efforts to preserve 
and protect the planet’s resources.

We use packaging for all our products, 
including cigarettes and smoke-free electronic 
devices, consumables, and accessories.

Our approach

We aim to develop solutions that minimize 
packaging materials and improve their circularity 
without compromising protection and convenience. 
We are driving our approach through ambitious 
commitments. We aim to achieve:

• 100 percent recyclable inner 
liners by the end of 20221

• 100 percent of packaging made with 

recyclable materials by 2025

• 95 percent of packaging materials made 

from renewable sources by 2025

• 15 percent reduction in packaging weight 

by 2025 (versus 2018 baseline)

To deliver on these commitments, we 
employ a twofold strategy: 

1.  Reduce packaging: We aim to eliminate 

2. 

unnecessary packaging, in particular plastic 
packaging, and to implement solutions allowing 
us to reduce the amount of materials used.
Improve circularity: To prevent the depletion 
of finite resources, we seek to increase the 
recyclability of our packaging and to reduce the 
use of materials made from non-renewable 
sources, in particular aluminum and non-
recyclable plastics.

Fundamental to our efforts is integrating circularity 
considerations into the sourcing of renewable 
materials, minimizing packaging, and reducing end-of-
life implications. In the design stage, for instance, we 
prioritize the use of recyclable mono-materials and the 
reduction of the void inside the packaging to optimize 
transportation, both of which reduce the product’s 
carbon footprint. To ensure circularity, the packaging 
should be easily recycled by consumers. This requires 
that a recycling infrastructure be available for the 
materials selected in markets across the globe.

Our teams in the Consumer, Product, and 
Procurement departments work together to promote 
the various elements of circular packaging design.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Reduce packaging

Our first ambition is to decrease the volume 
of materials used in our packaging.

We focus first on board, the primary material used 
in our packaging. In 2021, we estimate that over 
70 percent of the volume of board and paper we 
sourced for our packaging came from suppliers with 
Chain of Custody (CoC) certified according to the 
Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Programme for 
the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC), 
or Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI) standards.

Working with our major suppliers, we continued 
to roll out the replacement of the packaging 
board used in our HTU and cigarette packaging 
with a 10 percent lighter alternative. By the end 
of 2021, we completed some of the projects 
within our board weight reduction program, 
enabling us to save an estimated 8,500 tons of 
board without compromising pack quality.

Meanwhile, we achieved significant progress in the 
packaging used for our smoke-free devices and 
accessories. In 2021, we launched a new IQOS 
ILUMA packaging without any plastic shrink film 
or plastic window, leading to a 9 ton reduction 
in plastics used. Packaging materials efficiency 
was also improved, with new packaging formats 
being 40 percent lighter and 20 percent smaller, 
representing 43 tons of fiber-based packaging 
reduction while keeping equivalent product 
protection. Those improvements have significantly 
reduced packaging carbon emissions for IQOS ILUMA.

We also worked to facilitate the proper disposal 
of packaging by consumers. For instance, we have 
stopped using magnets in our device boxes and 
are taking steps to replace plastic laminated board 
to achieve complete recyclability of our devices 
and accessories packaging in the paper stream.

Overall, between 2018 and 2021, we 
reduced our total packaging materials weight 
by 8 percent and are on track to meet our 
15 percent reduction target by 2025.

1 

For all markets where such a change is possible according to local regulatory compliance.

Use of materials in our packaging in 2021

Paper and board

90%

(Packs and bundles, inner liners,
Paper and board
shipping cases) (385,167 tons)    
Packs and bundles, inner liners, and 
shipping cases 
Plastic

385,167 tons 90%

Other
Other
Inks and composite materials used in 
(Inks and composite materials used in
other tobacco product packaging 
other tobacco product packaging) (12,193 tons)

12,193 tons

3%

114

115

(Overwrap of packs and bundles, pouches,
Plastic
seal inner liners and labels) (27,793 tons)
Overwrap of packs and bundles,  
pouches, seal inner liners, and labels
Aluminum  
Aluminum
(Inner liners (including seal) and other
Inner liners (including seal) and other  
tobacco product packaging) (2,444 tons)
tobacco packaging 

27,793 tons

2,444 tons

6%

1%

6%

1%

3%

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
e
t
s
a
w

r
e
m
u
s
n
o
c
-
t
s
o
p
e
c
u
d
e
R

Improve circularity

Acting on our commitment to eliminate non-recyclable 
materials and increase renewable material use to 
95 percent by 2025, we set up a program to replace 
aluminum inner liners with paper versions. We also 
are consumer-testing alternatives to plastic packaging.

Eliminating aluminum
Our combustible cigarettes and HTUs are 
encased in an inner liner inside the pack. 

More than 85 percent of the inner liners in our 
packaging are recyclable in the paper stream (2020: 
74 percent), and we are committed to eliminating the 
use of non-recyclable aluminum foil in all markets 
in which that is permitted by the end of 2022.

In a few markets, we will have to continue using 
non-recyclable aluminum inner liners to comply 
with local regulatory requirements. To mitigate 
the environmental and social impact, we seek 
to source certified aluminum from our tier 1 
suppliers. In 2021, 89 percent of the aluminum 
used in our packaging was Aluminum Stewardship 
Initiative (ASI) certified, either under the 
Performance Standard or the Chain of Custody.

Substituting non-recyclable plastic packaging
Currently, the plastic wrap around our packs of 
consumables and secondary cardboard packaging is 
recyclable but is not made from renewable sources.

We are exploring the use of renewable alternatives 
to plastic. We have received positive feedback from 
consumer panels and plan to pilot a new packaging 
solution in one or more selected markets in 2022.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Looking ahead

Leveraging the learnings of the pilot programs we 
launched in 2021, we will expand our responsible 
post-consumer waste management programs for 
smoke-free consumables to the global level. We 
will continue to combat littering and work to 
develop products that further integrate eco-
design principles, driving significant waste 
reduction and addressing the issue at the source.

We will also take steps to commercialize second-
life devices on a larger scale. First, we plan to 
expand the collection of used devices and further 
test first-level triage processes (e.g., at our IQOS 
stores) while improving the recovery process and 
our repair and refresh capabilities. As these 
capabilities will strengthen over time and new 
product generations will be more repairable by 
design, we expect an increasing number of 
devices to be sorted for recovery and second life.

Stefano Volpetti, President, Smoke-Free Products 
Category & Chief Consumer Officer 

We will continue to systematically implement 
our sustainable design principles throughout 
our product development. Research will 
continue to identify technologies and materials 
that could enhance the overall sustainability of 
our smoke-free product portfolio.

As we continue to refine our products, we 
expect iterations at the design stage to leverage 
our eco-design principles and further support 
our second-life program ambitions. Meanwhile, 
we will continue to rollout our CIRCLE program 
across the markets in which we commercialize 
our smoke-free products, amplifying our reach 
while maintaining high recycling rates.

As we move along in our eco-design 
certification ambition, we are engaging with 
eco-labeling organizations to support product 
category definitions for electronics and 
translate the insights into our product 
development process.

Bin Li, Chief Product Officer

In 2022, we will continue deploying and 
expanding cigarette butt anti-littering programs 
across the countries in which we operate, in 
coordination with key stakeholders and partners. 

We will intensify our efforts to research and 
apply effective solutions to increase awareness 
of the littering issue among adult smokers, 
and we will continue to use our brands as 
carriers of those messages when possible.

Meanwhile, we remain committed to 
investing in R&D to find solutions that can 
successfully help us remove plastic from 
our combustible products, by exploring and 
assessing alternative filtering materials that 
can completely replace cellulose acetate.

Werner Barth, President, Combustibles Category  
& Global Combustibles Marketing

116

117

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

O P E R AT I O N A L
I M P A C T

  Foster an empowered and inclusive workplace  

120

  Improve the quality of life of people in our supply chain  144

  Tackle climate change  

  Preserve nature  

162

178

118

119

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021O P E R A T I O N A L   I M P A C T

Foster an empowered  
and inclusive workplace

Our employees are drivers of innovation and the ambassadors of our purpose. 
We aspire to provide meaningful and fair employment, opportunities to grow, 
and a workplace that champions well-being and inclusion.

C O N T E N T S

122  Our management approach

Progress in 2021

123  Providing fair employment

125  Developing our human capital

129  Protecting the health and safety 

of our employees

132  Fostering diversity, equity, 
equality, and inclusion

139  Promoting mental health  

and well-being

142  Looking ahead

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right thing to do

The business case

Equitable and fair conditions of employment are 
crucial for societal harmony and well-being and are 
central to a sustainable and prosperous future for 
all. Effective talent attraction, development, and 
retention ensure employees can pursue professional 
opportunities and contribute meaningfully to society. 

By protecting and promoting equality, diversity, equity, 
and fair treatment—human rights that are essential 
to unlocking social and economic development—we 
seek to instill in our workers a sense of belonging and 
maintain an inclusive workplace culture. Moreover, by 
ensuring that all people who work with us enjoy a safe 
and healthy work environment and by attending to 
their physical and mental well-being, we can positively 
impact their lives beyond their time spent at work. 

Our long-term business success relies on human 
capital in the form of the dedication, talent, and 
passion of our employees. It is essential for us 
to provide a fair and inclusive workplace that 
upholds good working conditions and labor rights, 
protects the health and safety of employees, 
promotes their well-being, and offers opportunities 
to grow and improve their employability. 

Investing in our people and providing meaningful 
employment helps us to recruit and retain 
talented individuals, achieve high productivity 
and efficient operations in a context of rapid 
change, and deliver on our company’s purpose. 
Furthermore, we regard diversity as one of our 
greatest assets. We strongly believe that a more 
diverse and inclusive culture better attracts 
talent and improves decision-making, innovation, 
customer orientation, and employee satisfaction. 

O U R   A S P I R A T I O N S

SI

Sustainability Index

Maintain

100%

of employees earning at 
least a living wage

<0.65

collision rate in our fleet

≥30

employee Net Promoter Score

Global

EQUAL-SALARY certification

<0.3

integrated Total Recordable 
Incident Rate (iTRIR) for 
PMI employees, contracted 
employees, and contractors 
(per 200,000 hours worked)

2022

2023

2025

40%

of management positions 
held by women

100%

of PMI employees covered by 
new parental leave principles

32%

of senior roles held by women

70%

SI

of PMI employees with access to 
structured lifelong learning offers

35%

SI

of senior roles held by women

>70%

perception of psychological well-
being among our employees

≤60%

representation of any one gender 
in management positions

≥60%

representation of local talent in 
the executive management teams 
of at least 80% of our markets

≥20%

representation of Asian talent 
in senior roles globally

120

121

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Our management approach

Progress in 2021

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our ambition is to be an employer of choice, 
fostering an inclusive culture wherever we 
operate in the world. This means ensuring that 
our employees experience fair working conditions, 
opportunities to develop skills and boost their 
employability, and a workplace that protects and 
promotes their health, safety, and well-being. 

Our Guidebook for Success and its accompanying 
set of internal Principles and Practices guide the 
work of our teams globally. These commitments 
and policies are complemented by various internal 
guidelines, standards, and toolkits. These include 
our Workplace Integrity policy, which aligns with our 
Commitment to Human Rights and relevant standards 
of the International Labour Organization (ILO), and 
our Health, Safety, and Security policy, as well as our 
general commitment to promote and protect human 
rights in accordance with the United Nations Guiding 
Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).

Dedicated teams within our People & Culture 
function—headed by our Senior Vice President, 
People & Culture, a member of our Company 
Management—lead efforts on labor relations, 
talent attraction and retention, learning and 
development, performance management, and 
compensation. Our Chief Diversity Officer oversees 
the development and deployment of strategies to 
foster diversity, improve inclusion, and promote 
well-being in the workplace. Our Senior Vice 
President, Operations oversees the company’s 
strategy and performance on health and safety 
across our manufacturing sites, fleet, and offices. 

We develop and deploy specific programs 
accompanied by tailored commitments 
and targets that allow us to track progress 
and adjust our actions as needed. 

We use training and communications to help 
employees understand the standards and processes 
relevant to their roles and how to apply them in their 
daily work. We use multiple formats and languages 
to optimize our reach across the organization. 

Employees can speak up about employment-
related concerns, ask questions, and recommend 
improvements to their supervisors, P&C 
teams, our Ethics & Compliance function, or 
through our helpline. Read more here.

Workplace integrity principles at PMI

We strive to maintain an environment that is inclusive, safe, and 
professional. We promote diversity, equality, and equity in our 
organization, ensuring that all employment-related decisions are 
merit-based. We do not tolerate harassment, discrimination, abuse 
or misuse of company assets or resources, violence, or the misuse of 
alcohol or drugs. We do not engage in or condone child labor, forced 
labor, or other labor abuses. We encourage effective engagement 
and dialogue with employees and their representatives. 

Providing fair employment

All employees, irrespective of role, location, 
type of employment, or length of service, have 
the right to work under fair and just conditions. 
Treating people with respect and dignity is central 
to the fundamental principles that guide our 
business conduct and unite us as a company. 

Maintaining sound labor relations

Labor rights are an integral part of human rights. 
We are determined to uphold high diligence in 
recognizing employee rights, fostering stable and 
collaborative labor relations practices, and observing 
high standards of employment. Constructive 
engagement with employee representatives 
serves as a bedrock of effective labor relations. 

We ensure our employees are informed of their 
rights by their local People & Culture teams, our 
Guidebook for Success, and related principles 
and practices—including our Workplace Integrity 
policy—and collective labor agreements. 

We are committed to respecting the rights of 
employees to form or join trade unions and other 
employee representative organizations of their 
choice. Collective labor agreements govern many 
of our employees’ terms and conditions at work 
and may include arrangements pertaining to 
working hours, occupational health and safety, 
holidays, wages, and procedures for dispute 
resolution. In 2021, we had 77 collective labor 
agreements in 34 countries, covering 61 percent 
of our employees (2020: 79, 34, 62 percent). 

As a global company, we consider it our duty to 
ensure that our entire workforce, regardless of local 
or national standards, is treated fairly, respectfully, 
and in line with our standards. We operate in multiple 
countries with widely varying legal employment 
standards. In those countries where the right to 
freedom of association is restricted, we strive to 
work with employees’ consultative committees and 
other suitable mechanisms of representation.

We value dialogue with employee representatives 
(e.g., trade unions and works councils) and regularly 
engage with them and learn from best practices. 

This dialogue occurs at local, regional (e.g., 
European Works Council), and global (e.g., the 
IUF – International Union of Food, Agricultural, 
Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tourism, Tobacco 
and Allied Workers’ Associations) levels. 

Labor relations in times  
of business transformation

In 2021, we continued the organizational 
restructuring of our Operations Center 
in Switzerland to bolster our company’s 
transformation. Following 2019 and 2020 
developments, four additional central 
functions, as well as Duty Free, underwent a 
full reorganization—including a consultation 
process. Over the past two years, 354 Swiss-
based employees have been dismissed 
due to restructuring while more than 150 
employees have been redeployed internally. 
Moreover, 282 employees decided to opt 
for the voluntary program offered in the 
context of the Swiss reorganization.

Organizational restructuring is a delicate 
phase in a company’s life, as it affects people, 
processes, systems, technologies, business 
areas, and functions. When facing restructuring 
initiatives in such a challenging, complex, and 
ever-changing environment, putting people first 
is our priority. In October 2021, following an 
extensive assessment, a decision was made to 
cease production at one of our cigarette factories 
in Russia, PM Kuban factory, as of February 2022. 
Regrettably, 244 employees (out of more than 
3,200 people employed in our Russian affiliate) 
were impacted; we were able to reemploy 98 of 
them at our other Russian production facility in 
Izhora and other affiliates. All impacted employees 
received financial assistance, support from 
employment experts, and training opportunities. 

122

123

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
We plan to conduct a living wage assessment 
at least every two years and initiate actions as 
necessary to ensure we continue to meet our 
global living wage commitment to our employees. 

Equal pay for equal work
At PMI, we understand equal pay for equal work 
as the baseline standard for gender equality, and 
we have committed to regularly assess and certify 
that our pay practices match our good intentions.

In 2019, we became the first company to earn global 
certification from the nonprofit EQUAL-SALARY 
Foundation following an intensive quantitative and 
qualitative review of our pay and related practices. 
This independent certification verifies that PMI pays 
men and women equally for equal work everywhere 
the company operates. The original certification 
was valid until April 2022 and we are proud to 
confirm the re-certification, valid until March 2025. 

As part of the process, we conducted a 
quantitative compensation assessment in 2021 
that confirmed that men and women are paid 
equally for equal work. Moreover, auditors from 
PricewaterhouseCoopers validated additional 
qualitative aspects regarding equality such as the 
commitment of top management to gender equality 
and equal pay, the objectivity of our P&C pay 
policies and practices, transparent communication, 
and employee perceptions on these matters. 

Equal pay for equal work is a first step in recognizing 
the value of women’s work and their contributions 
to society. With this foundation in place, we are now 
working to close our broader gender pay gap (the 
average pay for women versus the average pay for 
men), including by achieving a better gender balance 
at senior levels of the company (learn more here). 

l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Providing fair compensation

We are committed to upholding and 
promoting a fair and just workplace, rewarding 
employees based on their performance.

Rewarding employees
Our employee-centered approach to benefits 
aims to foster a high-performance culture. 

Our employees are individuals with varying 
motivations, values, skills, experience, and 
aspirations—each of which can change over time—
and this shapes our reward offerings. Our suite of 
compensation, recognition, and benefits programs, 
platforms, and policies differs by location, taking 
into account local regulations, agreements, needs, 
and preferences. However, there are some global 
elements, such as our Employee Assistance Program, 
and most programs incorporate bonus plans, life 
insurance, long-term sickness plans, retirement-
related arrangements, and paid leave programs. 

We regularly review our offerings to ensure 
they continue to meet the evolving needs of 
our workforce. For instance, PMI’s Smart Work 
policy—which we began rolling out in 2021—offers 
greater flexibility and hybrid work options. 

Upholding a living wage
We are committed to ensuring that all employees 
across the geographies in which we operate 
earn at least a living wage. Paying at or above 
living wage benefits employees, families, 
communities, and our business. It fosters talent 
attraction, retention, and productivity while 
securing our social license to operate. 

A living wage, distinct from a minimum wage, 
provides an employee with the means to enjoy a 
decent standard of living, including the ability to buy 
goods and services and accumulate savings. A living 
wage takes local living standards into account. 

We have worked with Business for Social 
Responsibility (BSR), a leading sustainability 
consultancy, since 2018 to assess living wages 
globally. In 2021, we undertook a global survey 
and analysis, which confirmed that we continue 
to pay at or above the living wage level for our 
employees everywhere we do business. This 
assessment covered all our employees worldwide. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Developing our human capital

Human capital encompasses, among other things, 
employee knowledge, skills, know-how, good health, 
well-being, training and education. Attracting, 
retaining, and developing employees is increasingly 
important in a time of demographic shifts, disruptions 
in the world of work, and business transformation. 
We provide employees opportunities to learn, 
develop, and contribute towards our ambitious 
purpose while at the same time adapting to 
employees’ evolving needs and expectations.

Managing the employee journey

PMI’s vision of a smoke-free future helps to 
attract and retain talent. The opportunity 
to contribute to achieving the company’s 
purpose is compelling to many, as is the 
chance to make a positive societal impact. 

Recruiting and retaining talent
Our overall employee turnover rate increased 
from 9.7 percent in 2020 to 12.0 percent in 2021.¹ 
After a year marked by the COVID-19 outbreak in 
2020, the increase in 2021 reflects our continued 
business transformation, as well as broader 
shifts in workforce trends and preferences.

In 2021, we hired close to 8,400 employees 
worldwide and filled almost one out of five open 
positions with internal candidates. Our internal 
careers market provides current employees with 
transparency and easy access to opportunities. 
It helps us to mobilize our diverse talents 
across the organization and support the career 
growth and satisfaction of our employees. 

Achieving a high retention rate starts with 
effective onboarding processes for new 
employees. In 2021, we continued to improve 
these processes and our employee induction 
program, which includes training related to the 
business, how we create value, our products, 
and our approach to sustainable development.

We leverage a holistic approach to employee 
listening to capture the needs and expectations 
of our workforce during different moments 
in their career, such as onboarding, a change 
of position, or a promotion. This helps 
us develop focused interventions. 

1 

In 2021, we updated our methodology to expand scope and cover employees 
on long-term leave (over 30 calendar days); we have restated historical data 
accordingly.

For instance, in 2021, we developed a playbook 
to guide managers throughout their journey, from 
hiring to managing growth and development, 
supporting their teams, resolving issues, and 
recognizing superior performance. Equipping 
supervisors with such knowledge and tools is 
essential to providing meaningful employee 
experiences, fostering engagement, and boosting 
PMI’s attractiveness as an employer.

Anticipating the needs of tomorrow

As PMI evolves and progresses towards its 
purpose, understanding and sourcing critical, 
strategic, future-fit skills is essential. Strategic 
workforce planning enables us to proactively 
manage and deploy talent, address potential 
risks, and capitalize on opportunities to 
better manage talents in the longer term. 

In 2021, we took steps to enhance our shorter-
term operational workforce planning. We 
piloted an internal online platform that allows 
employees to join projects based on their 
skills, interests, and availability. We want to 
help employees grow by applying their skills or 
learning new ones in contexts different from 
their day-to-day jobs. The platform was made 
available to around 1,200 employees in our 
Commercial function across 35 markets in 2021. 

Performance and career development
Performance and career development reviews 
support the personal growth of employees 
and contribute to skills management and the 
development of human capital within PMI.

124

125

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Following pilots in 2020, we expanded our new 
performance management program in 2021 to cover 
all managerial positions worldwide (representing 
more than 11,000 people), as well as around 2,000 
additional employees in non-managerial positions. 
This new program is aligned with our quickly evolving 
environment and ways of working—particularly 
as we increasingly work in project-based, cross-
functional, multidisciplinary, and virtual teams. The 
approach is built on three fundamental priorities: 
clear objectives for all employees derived from 
the company strategy, continuous feedback from 
multiple sources, and the incorporation of the 
“how” element in line with PMI’s leadership model. 
This new approach provides a more holistic picture 
of the value and impact each employee brings. 

Employees in non-managerial positions, who 
were not covered with the new performance 
management approach in 2021, continued to 
undergo a performance management approach 
that leverages the PMI leadership model and sets 
out a clear methodology for objective setting.

Overall, more than 92 percent of our employees were 
covered by formal performance reviews in 2021.1 

In addition to the new performance 
management program, we improved our talent 
review process in 2021 to ensure employees’ 
careers and development are discussed in a 
structured, objective, and fair manner. 

Continuous employee learning  
and development

We seek to provide employees access to 
opportunities to develop their skills and careers. 
Our global approach to learning takes into account 
what employees need and when they need it. 
Our learning culture aims to foster a skilled and 
confident workforce by giving people the tools 
they need to perform to the best of their abilities 
within their current roles and to develop their 
potential to be successful in future roles. 

Digital learning
In 2021, with many office-based employees 
continuing to work remotely, whether full- or 
part-time, we focused on strengthening our 
digital learning capabilities and offerings. 

1 

Based on a total of 55,276 employees maintained in PMI’s central HR system.

Our training is delivered through our global e-learning 
platform, FUSE. By the end of 2021, around  
75 percent of our workforce had access to and were 
actively engaged on the platform. Digital training 
programs available on FUSE range from foundational 
knowledge of our products, science, and transformation 
to effective leadership, well-being management, 
and IT and digital capability development. 

Our Global Learning Network, made up of close to 800 
employee volunteers representing a broad range of 
countries, functions, and seniority levels, plays a vital 
role in informing the design and delivery of our learning 
products. Working closely with these team members 
allows us to stay learner-focused in our approach and 
truly understand what our employees need and value. 

Targeted programs
We also create targeted programs to help employees 
acquire and develop the skills that will allow us to 
meet our strategic targets. Every PMI employee 
owns their development, and we know that not 
everyone learns in the same way or at the same pace. 
Consequently, our portfolio of learning products is 
flexible, incorporating online self-paced resources, 
virtual classrooms, and in-person sessions. 

Some of the new learning solutions we provided  
to our people in 2021 include:

• Consumer centricity: PMI’s first global learning game, 
Bee Wow, is a custom, data-driven training solution 
focused on building consumer-centric behaviors, 
knowledge, and skills. Since its global launch in October 
2021, more than 1,500 employees have completed 
the game, gaining knowledge and confidence in the 
training subjects and implementing this learning 
into their day-to-day work. The program continues 
to achieve results and receive external recognition, 
including a silver medal for “Best Use of Games 
or Simulations” at the 2021 Brandon Hall Group 
Excellence Awards in Learning. Both employee and 
managerial feedback demonstrate that the training 
tool is effective, efficient, and well-received.

• Leadership development: At PMI, every employee 
is considered a leader, and it is vital that we provide 
the necessary support to enable everyone to 
grow, develop, and contribute to the success of the 
company. We have invested in leadership development 
offerings over the past several years and have put in 
place solutions covering critical areas such as leading 
change, first-level management skills, and resilience.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We also launched two new global 
pathways for key talent groups:

• Women empowerment: The first program, 

developed with our Inclusion & Diversity team, was 
for high-potential female employees. This initiative 
recognized that women often operate within 
systems built on masculine norms—systems that 
are still adapting to be fully inclusive. With a focus 
on personal growth and development, the initiative 
was designed to provide participants strategies and 
tactics with which to navigate common barriers, 
create a sense of community and belonging, and 
focus on what is truly important to them in their 
lives and careers. More than 50 senior female 
leaders participated in the six-month program, which 
incorporated virtual classrooms, one-to-one sessions 
with an external coach, and group activities. 

• Leadership succession: The second program was 
designed to help us build a succession pipeline for 
our Company Management. Participants in the 
nine-month program first established individual 
development plans. Through trainings by external 
partners such as INSEAD and Duke Corporate 
Education, as well as individual and group coaching, 
the program helped participants bolster the critical 
business and leadership capabilities they will need 
to be ready to step into a senior management 
role when the right position is identified for 
them. In addition to the core elements offered 
by our external partners, participants were able 
to select from a number of elective elements 
targeting their areas of expertise and interest.

Improving equity: providing access to 
opportunities that boost employability
PMI is changing, and so is the world of work. 
New technologies are disrupting the business 
environment, driving a need for new skills and 
capabilities. Continuous upskilling and reskilling 
is essential to ensure employees thrive and, as a 
result, improve the company’s performance. We 
seek to empower our employees to take ownership 
of their career development by focusing on equity, 
granting access, and democratizing training by 
offering a range of voluntary learning opportunities.

For example, our digital language learning program is 
available to all employees worldwide. As of the end 
of 2021, 3,561 employees were actively learning 
or perfecting a new language, and the company 
experienced a significant uplift in language proficiency.

Meanwhile, our Operations function continued to 
expand its voluntary lifelong learning program. Designed 
to improve equity, be inclusive, and enable growth, 
the program empowers employees to choose the 
skills they want to learn to shape their careers in the 
direction of their choice. There are no prerequisites for 
signing up for a course, and PMI offers bridge courses 
so employees at all levels can enter the program 
where they fit and progress toward higher levels and 
certifications. The online certification programs vary in 
length and difficulty, ranging from a few hours up to 18 
months, with some counting toward a master’s or other 
advanced degree at a designated partner university.

In 2021, we rolled out access to all employees in 
our Operations function (totaling around 21,000 
people), as well as to specific additional functions 
and geographies. By year-end, the program counted 
around 3,000 active learners across 50 countries, who 
logged an estimated 38,000 training hours during 
2021 and obtained 1,680 academic certifications. 

More broadly, in 2021, we started identifying and 
mapping potential training and education areas in which 
to invest to meet the emerging demands of our company 
and the job market. We will fine-tune and expand 
this preliminary work in 2022, laying the groundwork 
for a more holistic approach to lifelong learning. This 
will guide our progress toward our newly introduced 
aspiration to provide 70 percent of our employees 
with structured lifelong learning offers by 2025.

Listening to our employees

Listening to our employees is an essential part of 
our strategy and key to achieve our purpose. We 
conduct an extended company-wide employee 
survey annually, which we complement with 
regular pulse checks throughout the year.

The results of our annual survey in 2021—to 
which 44,089 employees responded—showed an 
overall improvement compared with 2020. With 
an employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS) of 35, 
we achieved for the second consecutive year our 
target of maintaining a minimum eNPS of 30, and 
we are 10 points above the global benchmark 
provided by our external partner Karian and Box.

126

127

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

The results underscore that employees feel highly 
confident in the success of PMI’s transformation and 
inspired by the company’s purpose. Compared with 
2020, the survey data showed strong improvement 
in collaboration between markets and functions, 
and in line managers asking for feedback. 

Areas on which we need to focus further are 
employee reward and recognition, as well as career 
opportunities. Moreover, while on a positive 
trend, our employee well-being rating—collected 
as part of a separate survey—shed light on the 
need to promote and protect our employees’ 
mental health and well-being (read more here).

We examine our engagement scores through a 
range of filters, including function, location, tenure, 
age, gender, grade, and working arrangements 
during COVID-19. This segmentation helps us 
to shape action plans more precisely. When we 
analyze results by gender, for instance, we see 
the engagement results improved compared 
with the previous year for both women (31 to 
32 points) and men (33 to 36 points), but the 
gap between the genders has increased.

As with previous surveys, we will use the 2021 
results to deliver concrete improvements across the 
company, which we will disclose in our next report. 

Manufacturing of the future

To thrive over the long term, we have embarked 
on a journey toward “manufacturing of the 
future.” Our North Star: an agile, smart factory 
with an end-to-end operations ecosystem, 
advanced digital technology, upskilled teams, and 
best-in-class safety, quality, and sustainability 
performances. We have set this vision and 
defined steps across all our manufacturing 
sites to guide our progress. People capability 
development provides the foundation for this 
journey. We want to support our factory workers 
in shifting from reactive tasks to proactive 
interventions by increasing their skill levels and 
supporting them with effective technology. 
Along the way, we are deploying extensive 
learning opportunities (with both internal and 
external certifications) to help ensure our 
people are future-fit and highly employable. 

Although we anticipate that this journey 
typically will take six or seven years to achieve, 
the pace is specific to each manufacturing 
site and guided by the pillars of our Open+ 
program, our lean methodology aimed at 
eliminating losses and building the necessary 
capabilities to deliver sustainable results. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Protecting the health  
and safety of our employees

Keeping people safe is a moral and 
business imperative. We are committed to 
providing a safe and healthy workplace that 
promotes a culture of empowerment. 

We have embedded clear methodologies, procedures, 
and robust controls in our factories, offices, and 
fleet aimed at ensuring that our employees and 
others on-site stay safe. The health and safety 
of employees and contractors is covered by our 
management systems, which are based on recognized 
guidelines and standards, including ISO 45001, 
and assessed and audited internally and externally. 
These systems enable us to monitor health and 
safety performance across all our manufacturing 
facilities, offices, and in our fleet. We routinely 
update our standards and train our staff to ensure 
teams understand and align with the requirements. 

Maintaining our safety-first position  
in the era of COVID-19

We have long prioritized safety to protect our 
employees, contracted employees, and contractors 
in our premises. In response to the continued 
COVID-19 pandemic, we maintained, reinforced, 
or adjusted various protective measures across 
our sites and activities throughout 2021. 

As the pandemic evolved throughout the year in 
different geographies, our recovery plan focused 
on mitigating and managing risk. We took a 
conservative and precautionary stance, with clear 
criteria to help our business units in different parts 
of the world identify when to take steps toward a 
gradual return to the workplace, as well as when to 
reimplement restrictive measures, as warranted. 

Promoting employee volunteering

PMI has a long-standing commitment to support 
the communities where our employees live 
and work and where we source tobacco. This 
support is provided in the form of monetary 
contributions and in-kind donations (see the list 
of our 2021 social contributions here), as well 
as volunteer work by our employees. Beyond 
supporting local communities, volunteering can 
motivate and enrich the lives of our employees, 
help them develop new skills, and enhance their 
perception of PMI as a great place to work.

At the end of 2020, we established global 
guidelines to further encourage those who 
would like to contribute their time, energy, and 
efforts to improving life in their communities. 
Every PMI employee is eligible to take two 
days per year of paid leave for volunteering 
activities. Moreover, the company commits 
to match—with up to five additional paid 
leave days—any additional volunteer work 
employees choose to do on their own time. 

This is in addition to the existing customary 
practice of giving employees paid leave for 
participating in initiatives organized by the 
company during traditional work hours.

In 2021, amid the COVID-19 pandemic, we 
piloted the guidelines without broadly promoting 
them, and only a limited number of employees 
took part in the program. In 2022, we plan to 
significantly increase awareness of the program 
among employees to empower them and 
assimilate volunteer work as a regular practice.

Our efforts to promote volunteer work are 
complemented by our employee-driven 
philanthropy “Projects with a Heart.” It is 
a global grassroots movement established 
and run by employees and endorsed by 
PMI. The internal platform connects would-
be volunteers with people in need.

128

129

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Health and safety performance in 2021

Manufacturing

Health and safety in our factories is coordinated 
centrally by our Global Manufacturing team. At 
site level, each facility has a dedicated team that 
ensures standards are met on the ground.

External certification helps us continuously 
improve and drive efficiency. In 2021, all our 
factories producing the equivalent of more 
than three billion cigarettes annually achieved 
certification to ISO 45001. The global multisite 
certification process included third-party audits of 
a sample of our sites, which determined that best 
practices are embedded across all our factories.

We conduct risk assessments to identify hazards and 
implement necessary controls. Our corporate targets 
on incidents help us evaluate the effectiveness of 
our safety policies and programs. In 2021, in our 
manufacturing facilities, our LTIR for employees and 
contracted employees was 0.05 (2020: 0.07), and 
our total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was 0.10 
(2020: 0.13). Including contractors in the scope, 
our TRIR was also 0.10, down from 0.14 in 2020. 
No employee, contracted employee, or contractor 
fatality occurred in our factories in 2021.

All incidents in our manufacturing operations are 
subject to in-depth root cause analysis, and we 
apply the same thorough approach to all incidents 
involving contractors in our manufacturing facilities.

Our health and safety performance monitoring covers 
PMI employees, contracted workers who are under 
the direct supervision of PMI but employed by a 
temporary employment agency (we had around 7,000 
contracted employees on average per month in 2021), 
and contractors when on PMI premises. Contractors 
are workers who are employed by or work on behalf 
of a third-party company contracted by PMI but who 
remain under the direct supervision of their employer. 
Typically, such workers are involved in specific projects 
(e.g., machine installation or construction), facility 
management (e.g., building maintenance), logistics  
(e.g., transportation or administration), or services 
(e.g., canteens or medical centers on PMI premises).

In 2021, across our factories, offices, warehouses, 
and fleet, our integrated total recordable incidents 
rate (iTRIR) was 0.09 (2020: 0.12), which breaks 
down into 0.09 (2020: 0.11) for employees and 
contracted employees and 0.10 (2020: 0.16) for 
contractors. We are proud of the progress made 
to date and remain committed to maintaining an 
iTRIR below 0.30 in a sustainable manner.

During the year, our lost time incident rate (LTIR) for 
employees, contracted employees, and contractors 
was 0.05 (2020: 0.08). More specifically, it was 
0.06 (2020: 0.07) for employees and contracted 
employees and 0.05 (2020: 0.12) for contractors. 
We do not set targets on lost time incidents as we 
wish to handle every incident with the same level of 
importance, quality of analysis, and mitigating action 
regardless of whether the incidents result in lost time. 

Top direct causes of injury in 2021

22%

12%

11%

7%

6%

5%

5%

Fleet  
crash

Cut by a 
sharp object

Slip, trip or  
fall on the 
same level

Injury through 
manual handling 
or lifting

Caught/
trapped in, 
under  
or between

Hit by a  
moving, flying 
or falling  
object

Exposed to  
or in contact  
with harmful  
substance

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

In 2021, we reviewed our global requirements for 
fleet safety and issued a global policy governing 
the management of our fleet vehicles, along 
with operational guidelines. The goal of our 
fleet safety management program is to achieve 
zero preventable accidents and to protect 
employees and other road users, the company’s 
assets and reputation, and the environment.

The challenges we face in delivering safe working 
conditions relate to road conditions, law enforcement, 
and driving culture. Distracted driving (e.g., using a 
mobile phone or eating while driving) is the leading 
cause of vehicle collisions (research shows that 
people who drive while using their phones are far 
more likely to be involved in a crash, and this risk 
multiplies for people who text while driving).

To improve driving behavior, we leverage awareness 
raising and connected fleet technologies. By the 
end of 2021, 47 percent of our working-tool cars 
were equipped with telematics, which provide 
the driver and the company with data on driving 
behaviors and proactively helps improve road 
safety, reduce fatalities and injuries, and decrease 
carbon emissions (read more here). We aim to have 
all our working-tool vehicles equipped with tools 
and new ways of working in the medium term.

We use behavioral observation systems (BOS) in 
our factories to instill a culture in which everyone 
involves themselves in openness, care, observation, 
and behavior reinforcement. We advance this culture 
through communication with employees and safety 
alerts or notice boards. Every person’s contribution 
counts—a fact we recognize through awards and 
other means of acknowledgment. Through BOS, we 
are further embedding safety into the organization’s 
DNA in a planned, structured, and standardized way.

Embedding a safety culture
We conduct annual assessments and employee 
surveys to evaluate our sites’ safety culture level 
and identify opportunities for improvement. 

Every year, we invite all employees in our manufacturing 
sites to participate in a survey and provide feedback 
on a wide range of cultural and behavioral issues 
related to the workplace environment and health and 
safety. The results serve as a direct effectiveness 
check of measures put in place as a result of our 
regular culture assessments. These assessments are 
performed at our manufacturing sites each year by a 
group of factory representatives from all levels of 
their local organizations. 

Our ambition in our factories is to create an 
interdependent sustainability culture in which 
responsibility for health and safety and the 
workplace environment is owned by highly skilled 
individuals and autonomous teams and in which 
sustainability is demonstrated and perceived as a 
core company value. The combined survey and 
assessment results provide our factories a detailed 
overview of their progress toward that goal. 

Fleet 
We seek to protect our employees by providing safe 
vehicles and driver safety awareness programs to 
achieve zero preventable fleet safety accidents. Our 
target is to reduce high-severity collisions, with an 
ongoing goal of eliminating fatal accidents completely.

A dedicated team—led by our Director, Security and 
Market Safety in coordination with local fleet safety 
committees—manages security and market safety. 
This team develops and deploys programs and training 
courses, fosters engagement at the country level, and 
uses monitoring systems and performance indicators 
to evaluate progress. PMI’s fleet safety management 
system is based on recognized standards such as ISO 
14001 and ISO 39001 and covers risk assessment, 
driver training, vehicle safety, and driver behavior.

130

131

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

While restrictions due to the COVID-19 pandemic 
prevented us from conducting standard training 
sessions “behind the wheel” in 2021, we launched 
a global fleet safety e-learning program tailored to 
each driver’s core competency score and driving style. 
By year-end, 30 percent of company drivers had 
commenced the program, which includes eco-driving 
modules, and we intend to reach a participation rate 
of over 85 percent in 2022. We expect all drivers at 
PMI to undergo the training within a three-year cycle.

Together, our standards, programs, and technology 
are leading to significant improvements in road safety. 
Between 2019 and 2021, road-related collisions 
resulting in employee injuries or significant vehicle 
damage decreased by 50 percent. In 2021, globally, 
the number of collisions per million kilometers driven 
amounted to 0.44 (2020: 0.53). We remain committed 
to maintaining a collision rate below 0.55. Our TRIR 
in our fleet also shows a positive trend, having 
decreased globally from 0.09 in 2020 to 0.08 in 2021.

Although we continue to reduce collisions, it is to our 
deep regret that we endured road traffic fatalities in 
2021, involving one PMI employee and two members 
of the public. The accidents occurred in two countries 
in Asia and involved challenging circumstances related 
to basic motorbike defensive-driving techniques, 
such as traffic anticipation, maintenance of safe 
speeds for the road conditions, and proper use of 
personal protective equipment such as helmets. 
Lessons learned from the investigations include the 
necessity for motorbike-specific defensive-driving 
training, along with the continued deployment of 
our robust fleet safety management program.

Fostering diversity, equity, 
equality, and inclusion

People are central to PMI’s value creation model. 
While always valuable, varied perspectives, 
experiences, and problem-solving skills are 
especially critical in times of change. We regard 
our employees’ diversity as one of our greatest 
assets. We therefore seek to cultivate an inclusive 
environment where diversity can thrive and all 
employees feel respected, supported, and engaged. 
This is the only way diversity can be sustained and 
our employees can be able to perform at their best, 
contributing fully to our company’s purpose.

Enhancing diversity

At PMI, we aim to celebrate all types of diversity, 
both demographic (e.g., race, ethnicity, sexual 
orientation, gender identity, age group, as well as 
visible or invisible disability) and experiential (how 
people think, work, communicate, and live).

Advancing gender equality and 
empowering women
Increasing female representation 
A gender gap is a talent gap. Building a gender-
balanced organization, therefore, remains one of 
our top priorities. Globally, 42.2 percent of our 
employees were women in 2021, and 39.7 percent 
of our managerial roles were held by women.

We are confident that we will achieve our target of 
40 percent of management positions held by women 
by the end of 2022. Beyond that, our ambition 
is to maintain a minimum of 40 percent female 
representation globally and have a maximum of 
60 percent of any gender identity in management 
positions in most of our business functions and 
regions by 2025. During 2021, all business units set 
specific gender aspirational targets and focused their 
agendas on gender-balanced external recruiting and 
internal promotions. Our managerial new hires’ gender 
ratio for the year was 44.7 percent for women (an 
increase of 6 points versus 2020), and the proportion 
of promotions to management positions that went 
to women was 47.6 percent (2020: 45.0 percent).

To optimize our business, we believe it is critical that 
we improve the gender balance in decision-making 
roles. We are committed to having at least 32 percent 
of senior roles held by women by 2023 and 35 
percent by 2025. In 2021, women represented 31.1 
percent of senior positions (2020: 29.6 percent).

132

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Advancing gender equality and improving equity to 
foster inclusion requires us to better understand and 
tackle structural barriers pertaining to these issues. 
In 2021, we piloted Catalyst’s MARC initiative (Men 
Advocating Real Change) in two functions, and we 
will make this learning experience available globally 
in 2022. We are committed to inspiring men to 
become aware of unconscious bias, understand male 
privilege, and leverage their power and position to 
advocate for tangible change that can advance equity 
and equality. As part of this process, we have begun 
communicating about the importance of allyship in the 
workplace through our internal social media channels, 
with the aim of sparking a global conversation.

We also focus our efforts on specific business 
functions. For example, we initiated a program to 
identify the causes of low female representation 
at different levels of the sales organization 
and tailor initiatives to address them.

Our Chief Diversity Officer puts special attention 
on hearing the voices of frontline female employees 
worldwide to understand whether PMI’s strategy 
reaches all women in the organization.

Gender breakdown at different managerial levels in 2021

Senior leaders

75%

Men 
(2020: 80%)

Directors

68%

Men 
(2020: 69%)

Managers

59%

Men 
(2020: 61%)

25%

Women
(2020: 20%)

32%

Women
(2020: 31%)

41%

Women
(2020: 39%)

31.1%

women in senior roles, on track 
to achieve our goals of 32% 
by 2023 and 35% by 2025

39.7%

management positions held 
by women, on track to achieve 
our goal of 40% by 2022

Non-managerial levels

57%

43%

Men 
(2020: 58%)

Women
(2020: 42%)

133

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Encouraging career relaunches in Pakistan

In 2021, Philip Morris (Pakistan) Limited 
(PMPKL) launched MakeYourComeback, a 
platform for women who have taken a break 
from paid work and wish to relaunch their 
careers. Through this program, PMPKL amassed 
more than 400 applications from women, 
10 of whom were hired for various projects 
based on their capabilities and experience. 
An extensive virtual onboarding program was 
put in place, including assigned “buddies” to 
help the new hires understand the culture and 
feel integrated into the PMI community. 

We are gathering learnings from this experience 
to determine whether we will replicate the 
approach in other countries. 

Closing the gender pay gap
Our global EQUAL-SALARY certification verifies 
that PMI pays men and women equally for equal 
work (read more here). Alongside equal pay, we are 
committed to fostering fairness in the workplace and 
closing our gender pay gap. The gender pay gap refers 
to the percentage difference between the average 
pay for men and women. PMI’s global EQUAL-
SALARY certification gives us confidence that unequal 
pay for equal work does not contribute to the gender 
pay gap at PMI. Rather, the gap stems from the fact 
that women are underrepresented in senior leadership 
roles. The imbalance also needs to be viewed in 
the context of our overall workforce demographics. 
In particular, of the 68,547 people we employed as 
of the end of 2021, over a third were in Indonesia, 
where our workforce is predominantly composed 
of thousands of people, mainly women, who hand-
roll cigarettes at our manufacturing facilities. 

Proportion of women in the company’s top pay quartile globally

Proportion of women in the company’s upper-middle pay quartile globally

Proportion of women in the company’s lower-middle pay quartile globally

Proportion of women in the company’s lowest pay quartile globally

Company’s global mean (average) raw gender pay gap1

2019

32.9%

33.5%

20.4%

79.4%

34.6%

2020

33.9%

34.4%

20.9%

77.2%

33.0%

2021

35.1%

35.6%

22.4%

76.2%

33.5%

1  The mean gender pay gap is calculated as the percentage difference between the sum of annual base salary, bonus, and stock options.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

There is no silver-bullet for closing the gender gap. 
Success requires an ecosystem of interrelated 
actions across the entire employee life cycle: from 
recruitment and training to retention and promotion. 
Critical actions include having a commitment to 
gender balance led from the top, crafting personalized 
career and development plans for female leaders, 
celebrating female talent as role models, and providing 
female talent with opportunities to build connections 
and gain mentoring and sponsorship support 
through networking events and leadership forums. 

Success also requires an environment that 
promotes and protects inclusion so that diversity 
can thrive. A company culture that celebrates, 
welcomes, and appreciates diversity will not only 
help increase and accelerate progress towards 
closing the gaps, but, more importantly, ensure 
that this success is sustained over time.

Focusing on national representation
Another priority for us is to strengthen the diversity 
of nationalities within our global workforce and, 
in particular, to grow local talent within executive 
management teams. Our employees represented 
133 nationalities at year-end 2021, contributing to 
an international culture that many employees value. 

Despite this international makeup, there is a need for 
our executive teams to better reflect PMI’s geographic 
footprint and the diversity of its consumers. In 
particular, we have set a new commitment to increase 
to at least 20 percent Asian representation in senior 
roles by 2025. Asian nationals currently hold around 
16 percent of PMI’s senior roles. In contrast, the 
South and Southeast Asia (S&SA) and East Asia 
and Australia (EA&A) regions together represented 
46 percent of our total workforce in 2021. 

Top five nationalities  
represented in PMI’s workforce

Top five nationalities represented 
amongst employees in senior roles

PMI’s workforce  
by region

Indonesian

32.2%

American

10.5%

Eastern Europe
Eastern Europe

Polish

Filipino

Russian

Italian

Other

6.2%

5.9%

4.9%

3.7%

47.1%

Swiss

German

Italian

British

Other

9.3%

9.0%

7.0%

5.8%

58.4%

Europe Union
European Union
Americas (incl. the U.S)
Americas (incl. the U.S.)
Middle East & Africa, 
Middle East & Africa,  
and Dufy Free
and Duty Free
South & South East Asia
South & Southeast Asia
East Asia & Australia
East Asia & Australia

10%
10%

29%
29%
11%
11%
5%
5%

40%
40%
6%
6%

134

135

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

In this context, in 2021, our S&SA and EA&A regions 
launched a tailored program with the objective to 
build and accelerate the development of high potential 
Asian talents. A total of 64 employees in management 
positions participated in the first year rollout. The 
program follows a blended learning approach from 
the Duke Corporate Education faculty, external 
experts, and PMI leaders to sharpen the agility and 
management capabilities of the participants. It offers 
course learnings and real business challenges that will 
equip them with strategic and organizational skills 
that will be instrumental for their readiness to take 
on leadership roles in Asia and globally across PMI. 

Furthermore, we believe it is necessary to rebalance 
local and foreign representation within market 
executive teams. While it remains important to offer 
employees the opportunity to relocate for their 
development and for talent transfers to accelerate 
progress in a market, we are clear that an inclusive 
and consumer-centric approach is paramount for our 
success in any given country. Accordingly, we have set 
a new ambition to develop local talent for leadership 
positions, and we aim to achieve a minimum local 
representation of 60 percent in at least 80 percent 
of our markets. In 2022, we intend to establish our 
baseline and design and implement a multiyear plan. 

Building a culture that promotes  
and protects inclusion

We can put in place programs to increase diversity, 
but if we fail to welcome, protect, and empower 
diverse people and their voices to thrive, that sought 
after diversity will not be sustainable. Inclusion 
means ensuring all people feel they belong and 
are an integral part of our company. If diversity is 
marginalized, and not properly integrated, employees 
are not only less likely to perform at their highest 
level, but also unlikely to be retained. Only a truly 
inclusive culture can ensure we benefit fully from 
the value diversity can bring to our organization.

Measuring inclusion
We understand that inclusion unlocks the potential 
of diversity. However, unlike diversity, inclusion can 
be challenging to measure and to track over time.

In 2021, we sought to capture employee sentiment 
on inclusion, leveraging our global employee 
listening survey. We introduced a set of six new 
questions derived from research by Gartner. 
The responses identified the following critical 
dimensions of inclusion: fair treatment, integrating 
differences, decision-making, psychological safety, 
trust, belonging, and diversity. We averaged the 
scores attributed to those six questions to build an 
“inclusion index.” At 76 percent, the index showed 
an overall high perception of inclusion within 
PMI. Around half of the participants responded 
positively to all questions, and the experience of 
inclusion by women versus men did not highlight 
any significant discrepancy (inclusion index of 
74 percent for women and 78 percent for men). 

However, the exercise shed light on notable 
differences regarding individual questions. For 
instance, questions linked to “integrating differences” 
and “decision-making” scored high, while lower 
scores were accorded to questions linked to “fair 
treatment” and “psychological safety.” Also, the gap 
between women and men widened on questions 
related to psychological safety and fair rewards. 
The findings also revealed a lower experience of 
inclusion among those employees who identify 
as belonging to an underrepresented group.

This first attempt to measure inclusion helped 
us set a baseline of employees’ feelings and 
to design programs tailor-made for every 
function according to their results.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Following a year when inclusion and diversity efforts 
moved center stage amid the global pandemic, 
the absence of a single authoritative approach 
to effectively measuring inclusion in business 
has become even more apparent. To address the 
issue, on International Women’s Day (March 8, 
2021), we launched Inclusive Future, a year-long 
research and convening project to advance the 
discourse and practices surrounding inclusivity. 
In partnership with the International Institute for 
Management Development (IMD) in Switzerland, 
we are working to devise effective and timely ways 
to promote inclusive cultures within organizations 
of all types. Inclusive Future will take stock of 
best practices and established thought leadership 
and explore how recent events and the current 
climate can inform the evolution of more effective 
approaches for driving inclusive cultures. We aim 
to better understand, develop, and advance the 
discourse surrounding inclusion today and into the 
future, aiming to explore more sophisticated ways 
to measure it going forward. Read more here.

Encouraging employees to take an active role
We strongly believe that promoting inclusion is a 
collective responsibility and that education and 
awareness-raising is an essential first step.

In 2021, we continued to promote our global 
employee resource groups (ERG) on women, race, 
ethnicity, and LGBTQ+ inclusion, and we launched 
a new ERG focused on disability. Our employee-led 
groups focus on particular dimensions of diversity 
and are intended to provide a platform for building 
a sense of belonging and sparking conversations. 

They organize events, provide mentoring 
opportunities, and host conversations in which 
employees are encouraged to share their 
diverse perspectives and experiences to better 
understand and support one another. 

Every ERG is open to all at PMI, led by a 
committee of volunteers, sponsored by a member 
of Company Management, and supported by an 
external subject matter expert partnership. In 
2021, around 10,000 employees participated in 
one or more of our ERG programs and events. 

PMI’s employee resource groups:

• STRIPES convenes employees around 

gender identity and provides a formalized 
structure and global strategy for the local 
LGBTQ+ networks present in 29 markets. 
In 2021, we partnered with Stonewall and 
began reviewing together some of our internal 
policies to ensure they are representative 
and inclusive of LGBTQ+ colleagues. We also 
partnered with Accenture to start running an 
intercompany training focused on allyship. 

• EMBRACE aims to champion racial, ethnic, 
and cultural equality by raising awareness 
and understanding of the challenges faced 
by underrepresented groups. In 2021, we 
partnered with the Racial Justice Institute 
to advance PMI’s efforts in this area through 
training, workshops, and engagement 
opportunities focused on racial justice, 
allyship, and advocacy. As of year-end, 
we had four local race and ethnicity ERG 
chapters in addition to our global ERG. 

• WIN (Women’s Inspiration Network) seeks 
to provide a supportive place to inspire and 
empower women to advance their skills, 
expand their network and unlock their full 
potential. In 2021, WIN organized three global 
events with external speakers and started 
weekly virtual coffee corners, providing a 
networking opportunity to women (and men) 
of PMI. Currently, more than 40 markets 
have access to local WIN chapters.

• ABLE, launched in 2021, aims to foster a more 
inclusive and diverse organization by attracting 
candidates and supporting employees with 
different abilities. Following PMI becoming 
a signatory to The Valuable 500 in 2020, 
we brought on PurpleSpace as an external 
adviser and collaborator for internal events. 

136

137

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
PMI’s global ERGs ran a year-end event attended 
by our CEO. The event provided a platform through 
which employees could provide feedback and input 
into the company’s broad strategic plans and activities 
for the year ahead in alignment with the global 
inclusion and diversity (I&D) multiyear strategy. 

In 2021, PMI also launched an inclusive language 
toolkit in collaboration with its global ERGs to 
provide guidance on terms and expressions to use 
and avoid when engaging in internal discussions. 

l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Raising awareness and knowledge
In 2021, we broadcast our first global I&D conference. 
Our Chief Diversity Officer hosted two sessions, 
available to all employees, and introduced the global 
I&D multiyear strategy. Our Chief Consumer Officer 
explained the IQOS inclusive brand principles, and 
we announced the introduction of global ERGs. 

As part of our ongoing effort to gather diverse 
input for our inclusion and diversity strategy and 
programs, we created an internal employee group 
(I&D Soundboard), which meets regularly to give 
input and feedback to the I&D team. We also 
implemented monthly global I&D Office Hours. These 
sessions offer a casual and safe setting in which 
employees worldwide can openly raise questions 
or topics with our Chief Diversity Officer and the 
global I&D team and share their thoughts with 
participants from different teams and business areas. 

We also continued our efforts to build a culture 
of inclusive behaviors through our I&D learning 
curriculum. We support teams in addressing 
challenges through a set of e-learning experiences 
in which employees learn about the origins of bias 
and the various ways it shows up in organizations. 
Participants receive practical tools and techniques 
to combat prejudice and preconceived notions. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Promoting mental health 
and well-being

Maintaining a happy and healthy workplace 
is key to employee engagement, productivity, 
satisfaction, and retention. We understand that 
when people feel good, they are likely to contribute 
more to their families, their work, and society. 

Our aspiration is to promote an environment that 
supports employee well-being as an enabler of 
professional and personal fulfillment, sustainable high 
performance, and business results. The extraordinary 
circumstances of the COVID-19 pandemic further 
precipitated focused attention on this area. 

Building a holistic approach to well-being

While PMI has provided benefits centered on health 
and well-being for some time, these were primarily 
focused on reactive support or led by local market 
teams without a unifying global framework. 

In 2021, we created a global framework and 
established an integrated and data-driven roadmap 
of priority actions to support the holistic well-
being of employees across the company. Our work 
was supported by insights gathered through our 
employee listening surveys, benchmarks of best-in-
class practices, and the help of external experts. 

Under our holistic framework, well-being 
incorporates physical needs, psychological 
needs, and self-fulfillment. Our approach 
is based on the following principles:

1.   People’s energy is a critical enabler of 

performance 

2.   We take accountability as an organization to 

support employee well-being 

3.   We expect employees to take individual 
accountability for their well-being as well 

4.   We see well-being as a development opportunity 

and encourage people to look after their  
well-being

• Personal purpose and alignment with PMI’s purpose
• Inclusion and sense of belonging
• Career growth and skills development
• Volunteerism opportunities

• Quality of relationships at work: Providing a work 
environment that promotes psychological safety, 
employee appreciation and recognition, and respect 
for personal boundaries and work-life balance 
• Support: Providing appropriate proactive (e.g., 

education, self-help tools) and reactive (e.g. Employee 
Assistance Program, insurance) support to employees

• Comfortable workplace and access to facilities 

or tools to encourage physical fitness

• Comprehensive benefits offer to support well-being
• Policies and norms that encourage healthy 

behaviors and recharge energy

Self-fulfillment

Psychological needs

Physical needs

All underpinned by ways of working, leadership  
behaviors, and psychological safety

138

139

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Strengthening resilience
To build a solid well-being program, we must 
also look at how society and the workplace will 
evolve. An aging population—and workforce—
coupled with new ways of working and increased 
digitalization mean that people will need to learn 
new capabilities and skills and unlearn others (read 
more about our lifelong learning program here). 

Against this backdrop, we want to foster a mindset 
that helps our employees embrace change and 
strengthens their resilience to maintain well-being 
over the long term. In 2021, we piloted resilience 
deep-dive workshops in South Africa, accompanied 
by an online diagnostic tool. We intend to expand 
those workshops in select geographies in 2022. 

Supporting our employees

We aim to provide well-being offerings 
that fit employee needs and expectations 
and that are anchored in the local context 
of where our people live and work. 

Family and caregiver support
Our goal is to promote an inclusive and equitable 
vision of care through our global parental leave 
principles, which provide primary caregivers 
a minimum of 18 weeks of fully paid parental 
leave and a secondary caregiver a minimum 
of eight weeks fully paid parental leave.

The rollout of those new global principles began in 
January 2021. By the end of the year, more than 52 
countries were aligned with the new global principles. 
We aim to cover all our markets by the end of 2022.

In parallel, we launched an online platform in 
2021 that offers resources to support employees 
with the professional and personal challenges 
they may experience as a caregiver.

In addition, childcare facilities or contributions 
are provided in 28 of our markets. Further, 
most of our sites offer dedicated spaces 
to be used as lactation rooms.

Supporting our employees and their families
Our global Employee Assistance Program, 
launched in 2020, offers first-line support to our 
employees and their close relatives in the areas of 
psychological, financial, and legal counseling. Support 
is provided in local languages across 79 countries 
under high standards of confidentiality. By the 
end of 2021, the program covered 96 percent 
of our total workforce, with the remainder being 
covered by local schemes expected to transition 
to the global program in 2022 or 2023. 

Flexible working arrangements
Even prior to COVID-19 and the shift to remote 
work, PMI was promoting more balanced ways of 
working. In 2021, around 95 percent of our markets 
already provided PMI employees with flexible 
working conditions, including remote work, part-time 
employment, unpaid leave, and flexible working time.

l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Measuring well-being to drive action
We know data and insights are key to introducing 
relevant interventions in support of employee  
well-being.

As part of our regular employee listening, we 
ask employees three times a year to answer the 
following question: “How would you rate your 
psychological or emotional well-being at present?” 
This is measured on a five-point scale from very 
bad to very good. In October 2021, 61 percent 
of employees responded “good” or “very good.” 
While the score increased, we did not achieve 
the target we set in 2020 of 63 percent by 2021, 
likely because of the unexpected continuation of 
the pandemic. The gap of nine percentage points 
between men (64 percent) and women (55 percent) 
is substantial (and represents an increase from the 
gap of five percentage points recorded in October 
2020) and requires further investigation. We will 
continue to track progress on this indicator and 
aim to achieve a 70 percent score by 2025.

To get deeper insights, we piloted a tailored well-being 
study across six of our markets (one per region) in 
2021. The study methodology incorporated a survey 
(to which more than 3,600 office-based employees 
responded) and analytics aggregating information 
on the use of computer-based tools by employees 
(data were drawn from those employees who agreed 
to share such information on a confidential basis). 
This two-pronged approach allowed us to analyze 
the root causes of well-being, ranging from our 
ways of working and relationships with managers to 
presenteeism and employees’ sense of belonging.

Leveraging the insights gathered, we aim to 
develop a well-being performance indicator that 
will allow us to measure holistic wellness, monitor 
progress, and identify appropriate interventions.

A global focus on mental health

Mental health is critical to employee well-being. 
Worryingly, issues of mental health are a growing 
problem globally, affecting nearly 10 percent of 
the world’s population and causing devastating 
impacts for the individuals directly affected and 
those close to them.1 There is also a business 
impact: Depression alone is estimated to cause 
USD 1 trillion in lost productivity every year.2

We believe it is crucial to raise awareness and 
encourage conversations around mental health 
to equip employees to support themselves and 
others and also to remove the stigma around the 
issue. In May 2021, we organized a Mental Health 
Conference, which attracted a broad global audience 
and received positive feedback from our employees. 
Following this event, we organized a Mental Health 
Week in October, inviting PMI employees to share 
their stories and hosting talks with internal and 
external experts on topics ranging from how to spot 
and prevent burnout to the power of listening and 
recognition. Encouragingly, we saw positive dynamics 
in how employees feel about PMI’s concern for their 
mental health and their awareness of where to go 
for help. Surveys of participants conducted in May 
and October showed a significant improvement in 
responses to the questions “How reassured do you 
feel about PMI’s concern for your mental health?” 
and “How familiar are you with support available 
for you at PMI for mental health & well-being?”

We have also convened a Well-being Advisory 
Group, a diverse body that includes senior leaders 
and well-being advocates from various functions 
and regions. This group informed the development 
of the well-being framework and the roadmap of 
initiatives for 2022 and beyond. It will continue to 
serve as a sounding board to help us recalibrate 
our strategy and initiatives as we progress. 

From our research and listening to the markets, we 
know there is a lot of interest among employees in 
improving their knowledge of mental health, how 
to look after their own mental health, and how to 
support others who might be struggling. To address 
this demand, we piloted Unmind, a workplace 
platform that provides a breadth of tools and 
training backed by the latest psychological research. 
It is intended to help employees understand more 
about and proactively look after and improve their 
mental well-being and that of others around them. 
The platform was made available in 10 countries 
in late 2021. We will review the results of this 
pilot and, if it is successful, will roll it out further. 

1  Saloni Dattani, Hannah Ritchie and Max Roser (2021) – «Mental Health». 
Published online at OurWorldInData. org. Retrieved from: ‹https://
ourworldindata. org/mental-health›

2  World Health Organization – Mental health in the workplace, available at: 

https://www. who. int/teams/mental-health-and-substance-use/promotion-
prevention/mental-health-in-the-workplace

140

141

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
Looking ahead

The health and safety of our employees 
will remain at the top of our agenda, 
and we will closely monitor how the 
pandemic evolves, adjusting our measures 
as needed and seeking ways to best 
support our employees. Where conditions 
allow, we will continue the deployment 
of Smart Work, fostering flexibility in 
where employees work. In parallel, we 
will seek to formalize our health and 
safety standards for remote work. 

Continued development of our human 
capital is critical to PMI. In 2022, we 
plan to revamp our approach to learning 
to ensure employees get clarity on 
the capabilities and skills that will both 
boost their employability and contribute 
to the success of PMI, and we will 
work to ensure they have access to 
training and education in these areas. 
To that end, we will expand access to 
our lifelong learning program while 
seeking to strengthen it by developing 
tailored approaches to the varied needs 
within our workforce and offering more 
guidance and support to employees. 

We will continue to foster sound employee 
and labor relations, maintaining an open 
dialogue and privileging the proactive 
involvement and participation of our 
employees and their representatives 
in these times of change. 

Charles Bendotti, Senior Vice President,  
People & Culture

l

e
c
a
p
k
r
o
w
e
v
i
s
u
l
c
n

i

d
n
a
d
e
r
e
w
o
p
m
e
n
a
r
e
t
s
o
F

Given the circumstances of the past two years, we 
found it necessary to revise our remote working 
arrangements. Drawing on the experiences and 
changed expectations of employees during the 
pandemic, we developed a global plan in 2020 
that adopted the concept of hybrid work (remote 
and office-based). We call it “Smart Work.” 
Its philosophy and principles are global, with the 
general rule being that employees are permitted 
to work remotely up to 60 percent of the time, 
with the remainder of the workweek spent on-
site. The program is deployed and adjusted locally 
to account for cultural, operational, tax, and legal 
implications, which vary at the national level. 

In 2021, we continued to deploy Smart Work 
in markets where COVID-19 was receding and 
where local circumstances allowed it. By year-end, 
four markets had implemented it, and our intent 
is to launch it in most markets in 2022, subject 
to COVID-19 circumstances and restrictions. 

Looking ahead, we plan to develop tailored 
arrangements for non-office-based employees, 
such as our factory and sales workforces. 

Anchoring well-being initiatives in local realities
We have dedicated health and well-being committees 
in 60 of our markets, and, in the majority of our 
markets, we have deployed well-being-related 
interventions and benefits, ranging from gym 
membership offerings to sports competitions, mental 
health–related webinars, cooking classes, and other 
activities. Since the pandemic outbreak in 2020, 
our primary focus has been on COVID-19 safety 
measures and psychological support, including 
encouraging employees to prioritize their well-being.

For instance, our affiliate in Vietnam launched 
Vibe, a locally led well-being initiative centered on 
helping employees connect via shared interests and 
encourage one another to look after their well-
being. Meanwhile, in the U.K., our affiliate launched 
a network of well-being ambassadors, composed 
of employees trained in mental health first aid. 
They offer non-judgmental listening and guidance 
to colleagues who are experiencing mental health 
issues and are not sure where to go for help.

We will continue to build on these initiatives by 
broadening the reach of our well-being ambassadors 
and training them in mental health first aid, as the 
U.K. has done, and engaging employees in relevant 
local events led or initiated by their colleagues.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Protecting the physical and psychological safety and well-being of our employees around the 
world is a priority for our company. Just as we acted to keep our employees safe during the 
past two years of the global COVID-19 pandemic, we are now committed to protecting those 
employees affected by the war in Ukraine. This commitment starts by helping our Ukrainian 
colleagues and their families move from the areas hardest hit by the fighting and reach safety; 
then helping those who can cross the borders to do so, and supporting them outside the country 
in every way we can: financially, logistically, and providing for their needs such as healthcare, 
childcare, food, accommodation and onwards travel. Our commitment extends to providing 
critical aid to those who cannot, or who choose not to, leave the country. It also extends to 
providing continued salary payments to all Ukrainian colleagues, whether they are in Ukraine or 
not, whether they are working or not, and to providing a package of support measures for the 
mid to long term including salary payments, more stable accommodation, and additional financial, 
healthcare, childcare, legal and administrative support. Our commitment and support to Ukrainian 
people is the commitment and support of our people, who have come together to collect funds, 
organize shipments of critical goods, offer their homes to host displaced families and provide 
psychological support to those in need. At the same time, we are also doing everything we can 
to support our Russian colleagues, who have been affected by this situation as well. We will 
not rest and we will not spare any efforts to help our colleagues affected by this horrible war.

Massimo Andolina, Senior Vice President, Operations

Building on the learnings gathered throughout 
2021, we will continue to strengthen and deploy 
our employee well-being framework, with a 
focus globally on mental health. We will also 
continue to address the stigma associated with 
mental health and pilot initiatives to improve 
awareness and help employees develop the skills 
and confidence to have conversations about it. 
And we will continue rolling out our parental 
leave global guidelines, aiming to see them 
implemented in all markets by the end of 2022.

In 2022, we will set up an Inclusion & Diversity 
Advisory Council to foster open and constructive 
dialogue that will inform the development and 
execution of an integrated I&D strategy and 
monitor progress. We expect this council to 
guide our company in establishing meaningful 
strategies to meet our commitments to enhancing 
diversity and promoting inclusion—in particular, 
our new ambitions for 2025 related to gender-
balance in management and leadership, as well 
as an appropriate representation of nationalities 
within executive management teams.

Meanwhile, we plan to expand many initiatives 
piloted in 2021, such as our Women in 
Leadership program, resilience workshops, and 
our program to increase the representation 
of women in sales and in senior roles. We 
also expect to celebrate the achievement of 
our 2022 target for female representation in 
managerial positions, and we are committed 
to fostering a gender-balanced organization 
as we progress toward our 2025 targets.

Our activities in 2022 will also focus on 
raising awareness of the importance of 
psychological safety and a sense of belonging 
at work through events and campaigns.

We will also continue to expand  
our employee resource groups  
by supporting our markets in 
establishing local chapters.

Silke Muenster, Chief Diversity Officer

142

143

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
O P E R A T I O N A L   I M P A C T

Improve the quality of life  
of people in our supply chain

Our supply chain connects us with millions of people, from the farmers  
cultivating tobacco and other agricultural products to workers at  
the supplier companies that provide the products and services used in  
our products or necessary to run our business. 

C O N T E N T S

146  Our management approach

Progress in 2021

148  Alleviating poverty in our tobacco 

supply chain

151  Enhancing access to water, 

sanitation, and hygiene among 
tobacco-farming communities

151  Empowering women involved in 

tobacco farming

152  Eliminating labor abuses in our 

tobacco supply chain: Promoting 
PMI’s Agricultural Labor Practices

159  Promoting fair working and living 
conditions in our broader supply 
chain

160  Looking ahead

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right thing to do

The business case

Promoting and adhering to sustainable business 
practices helps safeguard human rights, improve 
labor conditions, protect workers’ health and safety, 
tackle social inequalities, and alleviate poverty.

Agricultural supply chains face specific sustainability 
and human rights challenges. The tobacco we source 
is cultivated in many regions of the world, including 
low- and middle-income countries, where it is typically 
grown on smallholder farms. The socioeconomic 
well-being of farmers and their families depends 
on many factors, including the nation’s health and 
educational services, political stability, resilience 
to extreme weather events and conditions, access 
to markets, and public infrastructure. Our supply 
chain activities and investments extend beyond our 
direct effect on farmers, impacting people’s assets, 
capabilities, opportunities, and standards of living. 

As our business transforms, our supply chain 
evolves as well. Promoting fair working and 
living conditions in our broader supply chain 
is therefore increasingly important.

Caring for the quality of life of the people in 
our supply chain is consistent with our business 
purpose and way of working and is a major 
predictor of our long-term success. We prioritize 
our agricultural supply chain because it is a critical 
component of our business, and we understand 
its vulnerability to poverty and labor abuses. We 
prefer to work with farmers who make a decent 
living from growing tobacco, among other crops, 
or engage in other income-generating activities 
because they are more likely to think long term 
and apply good agricultural practices such as 
paying farmworkers at least the minimum legal 
wage or agricultural benchmark and avoiding child 
labor, thus minimizing our risk of human rights 
violations, import bans, and reputational damage.

We anticipate that the time, energy, and resources 
we have invested in our Agricultural Labor Practices 
program will provide the insights needed to ensure 
similar standards are met throughout the rest of our 
supply chain as we continue on our transformation 
journey. We seek to implement targeted initiatives 
that benefit the economies and societies in which 
we operate while mitigating reputational and 
operational risks in our working relationships.

O U R   A S P I R A T I O N S

SI

Sustainability Index

Maintain

2022

2025

2030

>90%

of contracted tobacco farms 
for which labor practices and 
adherence to our Agricultural 
Labor Practices Code are 
systematically monitored

100%

of farmers and farmworkers 
having access to personal 
protective equipment for the 
application of crop protection 
agents and prevention of 
green tobacco sickness

100%

of tobacco farmworkers 
are provided with safe and 
adequate accommodation

100%

of contracted farmers paying their workers at least the 
minimum legal wage or agricultural benchmark

100%

SI

of contracted farmers 
supplying tobacco to PMI 
make a living income

Zero

SI

child labor in our tobacco 
supply chain

100%

of critical suppliers from whom 
PMI sources sustainably

10

SI

highest-risk countries covered by external human 
rights impact assessments, with findings addressed

100%

of contracted farmers supplying tobacco 
to PMI have basic water access

100%

of contracted farmers supplying tobacco to PMI 
have access to basic sanitation and hygiene

144

145

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Our management approach

We emphasize good corporate governance. Sound 
standards and practices to manage our supply chain 
sustainably (read more here) and safeguard human 
rights (read more here) are vital prerequisites to 
harnessing the connections in our supply chain 
to improve the quality of life of those involved.

A principal aim of PMI is to provide a decent livelihood 
to all contracted farmers in our tobacco supply 
chain. This has been a focus since we introduced our 
Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP) program in 2011, 
supplemented by the ALP Step Change in 2018.

The mid- and long-term targets that we have 
committed to cover labor standards, income, 
work hours, health and safety, accommodation, 
and access to water, sanitation, and hygiene.

Our ALP Code, based on International Labour 
Organization (ILO) conventions and aligned 
with the United Nations Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), sets the 
principles and measurable standards applicable 
to all the contracted farmers from whom we 
source tobacco. The ALP program is supported by 
related policies, including our Good Agricultural 
Practices (GAP), Commitment to Human Rights, 
and Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP).

Our Leaf teams, tobacco suppliers, contracted 
farmers, and workers are regularly trained on the 
ALP Code. Our integrated production system 
enables traceability at the farm level (read more 
here). And we have a robust due diligence 
framework in place to evaluate the implementation 
of our ALP Code (read more in the box below). 

Monitoring the implementation of our ALP program

Our due diligence framework to evaluate the implementation of our ALP Code comprises 
internal farm-by-farm monitoring by field technicians, external comprehensive and focused 
assessments by Control Union, and external verification by specialized third parties. 

Internal monitoring: Field technicians collect 
and update individual farm profile data at the 
start of each growing season and visit the farms 
throughout the season to evaluate, among other 
things, how well labor practices align with the 
principles of the ALP Code. These technicians raise 
“prompt actions” to flag and trigger an immediate 
response to any serious violation. They also report 
“nonconformities”—identifying risks before they 
have evolved into issues, which helps us proactively 
mitigate them. Field technicians work with farmers 
to develop remediation plans to address prompt 
actions and nonconformities identified, and they 
then follow up on and monitor these plans. If the 
matter is not resolved within the agreed timeline, 
it is further escalated and may lead to sanctions, 
which can include contract termination. 

External assessments: Control Union (CU), 
an independent third-party organization, 
evaluates the management system in place for 
ALP implementation, reviews prompt action 
protocols and procedures to identify, record, 
and address issues, and examines the internal 
capacity to implement the ALP program. CU 
also evaluates labor practices at the farm level, 
assessing compliance with the ALP measurable 
standards. Its reports are available on PMI.com, 
and CU performs focused assessments to 
evaluate the management systems in place 
relating to the Step Change priority areas, in 
addition to the broader farm-level assessment. 

External verification: Specialized third parties 
verify our understanding of progress on the 
ground, challenge our monitoring data, evaluate 
the effectiveness of our initiatives, and, ultimately, 
help us to better assess our impact. We work with 
local expert partners in different geographies. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We use a risk-based approach to identify, prevent, 
and mitigate incidents related to human rights 
and labor rights in our tobacco supply chain. 
For this undertaking, we collaborate with key 
stakeholders—such as suppliers, farmers and 
farmer associations, civil society organizations, 
academics, governments, and the private 
sector—to more effectively tackle persistent 
and systemic issues in the agricultural sector. 

Since 2018, we have deployed a Step Change 
approach to our ALP program focused on four priority 
areas: eliminating child labor, ensuring payment of at 
least a minimum legal wage or agricultural benchmark, 
ensuring the availability and appropriate use of 
personal protective equipment (PPE), and ensuring 
adequate accommodation for workers where farmers 
choose to provide housing. Step Change aims to 
resolve the root causes of these persistent issues in 
priority countries—which we assess periodically—
and is run in collaboration with our long-term 
strategic partner on the ALP program, Verité. 

Our governance arrangements guide and 
facilitate this work. PMI’s Senior Vice President 
of Operations, a member of our Company 
Management, is accountable for our success 
in this area, while operational responsibility 
lies with the head of our Leaf department. 

In each sourcing region, a management team 
oversees the implementation of ALP. A steering 
committee works closely with the dedicated 
local teams across our affiliates and suppliers. 

Beyond tobacco, we will leverage the extensive 
learnings from the ALP program and our human 
rights impact assessments to proactively adapt to 
the specificities and challenges that derive from 
our electronics supply chain. We will also explore 
pathways to promote a living wage across our supply 
chain. We are at the early stage of this journey and are 
focused on building our understanding and identifying 
meaningful strategies to deploy in the years to come, 
grounded in our Commitment to Human Rights and 
Responsible Sourcing Principles. We are committed 
to sourcing sustainably from all our critical suppliers 
(read more here) and conducting human rights impact 
assessments in our 10 highest-risk markets by 2025 
(read more here). We will leverage the due diligence 
tools and learnings we have in place and seek 
meaningful ways to impact the significant number 
of workers involved in our global supply chain. 

Sharing our experiences

Transparency on both the challenges and successes of our 
ALP program is critical because it lets us hear feedback 
from stakeholders on how best to tackle systemic issues. 
To that end, we publish regular updates, which we make 
available on PMI.com. Our first quarter ALP Progress 
Update in 2021 focused on PPE and accommodation. 

In 2021, we commemorated the 10th anniversary of 
our ALP program with a dedicated report (available here) 
in which we reflected on progress made, celebrated 
achievements, and recognized the challenges ahead. As 
our company and supply chain continue to transform, we 
envision the next 10 years looking dramatically different 
from a sustainability and supply chain perspective. 

146

147

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Progress in 2021

During 2021, we maintained relentless efforts to 
deploy impactful initiatives across our tobacco supply 
chain and monitor adherence to our standards. 
We also took steps toward achieving our broader 
ambition covering our extended supply chain. 

Alleviating poverty in  
our tobacco supply chain

Poverty leads to poor working and living conditions, 
including the use of child labor. We are aiming to 
improve the livelihoods of the contracted farmers 
supplying tobacco to PMI, thereby advancing the 
socioeconomic development of the communities 
in which they live. We see this as fundamental 
to addressing social inequality, as well as other 
issues in our tobacco supply chain, and our aim is 
for all the contracted farmers supplying tobacco 
to PMI to make a living income by 2025. 

Measuring income levels in our tobacco supply chain to drive meaningful action

The living income value determines the net annual 
income required for a household to afford a decent 
standard of living for all its members. We calculate 
it based on official benchmark studies, reference 
values, or internal desktop exercises. In 2020, we 
tasked Social Accountability International (SAI) to 
conduct official living income benchmark studies 
in two sourcing markets—Malawi and Pakistan—in 
line with the Anker methodology. Regrettably, 
COVID-19 restrictions delayed completion of 
the fieldwork and reporting. It was therefore 
not until late 2021 that we received the final 
report for Pakistan and a draft report for Malawi. 
In 2021, we also initiated official living income 
benchmark studies in four additional countries 
with SAI. By year-end, the initial engagement with 
the researchers and our regional teams and local 
suppliers had commenced in India, Mexico, and 
the Philippines. The fourth study, in Brazil, will 
commence in 2022. We expect all four studies 
to be completed and the final reports received 
during 2022. In three other markets (Argentina, 
Mozambique, and Turkey), we use reference values 
conducted in previous years, which represent 
the typical or average living incomes for rural 
areas within each country. In the remainder of 
our sourcing markets, we calculate the living 
income value based on an internal desktop 
analysis following the Anker methodology.

In parallel, we assess the income level of our 
contracted farmers in each sourcing market, 
including both on-farm and off-farm activities, 
net of production cost, and including remittances 
or other subsidies. On-farm activities include 
income generated from the sale of tobacco 
and the production of other crops and 
livestock, while off-farm income comes from 
revenue-generating activities outside the farm 
such as waged employment. These analyses 
rely mostly on our internal farm-by-farm 
monitoring but may also incorporate third-
party studies by local partners such as those 
conducted in India and Mexico in 2021.

When designing comprehensive action plans, 
we aim to exceed the living income benchmark 
targets that are required to achieve a decent 
standard of living. This affords a buffer to 
accommodate potential fluctuations in farmer 
incomes due to climatic shocks or volatility due 
to market dynamics. We periodically review 
the living income benchmarks to account for 
annual inflationary increases and revise farmer 
income studies to consider market dynamics 
that may impact farmers’ overall income.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Assessing income levels in our tobacco  
sourcing markets

Robust analyses and studies to define living income 
values and assess current farmer incomes (and the 
potential gap between the two) across our sourcing 
markets form the backbone of our approach.

The insights captured in these studies allow us to 
track the proportion of contracted farmers making a 
living income. This proportion increased significantly 
in 2021, reaching 67 percent (up from 48 percent in 
2020), as a result of both important progress achieved 
in some focus markets like Argentina, Malawi, and 
Mozambique, as well as increased data availability in 
countries like Brazil, Greece, and Turkey. Further, our 
analysis showed that our contracted farmers in several 
markets, including Brazil, Greece, Pakistan, and Turkey, 
already make a living income. In other countries, such 
as Argentina, a significant proportion of them do so. 
Based on the data, our studies confirmed the need 
to continue focusing our actions on four markets: 
Malawi, Mexico, Mozambique, and the Philippines. 

Implementing targeted interventions  
to close the living income gap

Driven by the results of our assessments, we 
implement various initiatives to improve income 
levels. While we tailor activities to local realities 
and needs, our overall strategy is universal: Firstly, 
we aim to improve tobacco crop productivity and 
competitiveness. Secondly, we seek to support 
households in diversifying their sources of income. 

Improving productivity
Our first focus is on enhancing tobacco production 
and encouraging farm efficiency. We support the 
farmers in maximizing efficiencies on their farms—
for example, by hiring only the labor required, 
making careful use of inputs such as fertilizer, and 
finding ways to increase yields per hectare. The 
mechanization of certain steps of tobacco cultivation 
(such as field preparation) can maximize efficiencies 
by achieving labor savings and elevating yields.

In 2021, we continued to expand our mechanization 
program in Malawi and provide an opportunity 
for farmers to improve their productivity in 
tobacco. A total of more than 1,600 smallholder 
farmers, covering nearly 2,900 hectares opted 
for mechanization services provided by 32 local 
entrepreneurs. This mechanization initiative, in 
combination with other agricultural practices, 

generated a 10 percent increase in yields and the 
mechanized plowing itself has reduced by 37 percent 
the labor hours required for the land preparation of 
one hectare in Malawi. Meanwhile in Mozambique, 
we initiated a mechanization pilot which we 
expect will cover 170 hectares. In Argentina, the 
mechanization program continued in 2021 with the 
objective to improve farm productivity, mitigate 
potential risks associated with manual tasks, and 
contribute to soil conservation. These services 
included soil preparation, transplanting, CPA spraying, 
and harvesting, with the predominant activity 
being soil preparation. In the North West region of 
Argentina where flue-cured tobacco is grown, the 
mechanization initiatives generated a 30 percent 
reduction in the overall labor hours needed for the 
various crop stages. In the North East region, where 
our Burley farmers are located, mechanized farmers 
were able to reduce by more than 50 percent the 
labor requirements for land preparation and have 
achieved an 18 percent increase in yields in the last 
crop season compared with nonmechanized farmers. 
In India, the focus of the mechanization program 
is to increase labor efficiency and, in 2021, we 
implemented multiple initiatives with varying coverage 
among the farmer base. These initiatives included 
seeding machines, transplanters, cultivators combined 
with fertilizer applicator, suckercide applicators, and 
stringing machines. The predominant initiative is 
combining cultivators with fertilizer applicators, with 
69 machines to date covering over 2,200 hectares 
and more than 2,800 farmers. In Pakistan, the focus 
of the mechanization program is to increase labor 
efficiency while mitigating potential risks associated 
with manual tasks. The initiatives implemented so far 
include mechanical earthing up machines, mechanical 
transplanters, CPA applicators, and stringing 
machines. The predominant initiatives are mechanical 
earthing up, where we have 109 machines, covering 
3,600 hectares and around 2,500 farmers and 
stringing machines where we have 168 machines, 
covering 549 hectares and 262 farmers. The results 
obtained showed us that, with the mechanical 
transplanter, farmers were able to gain 41 percent 
efficiency compared with manual transplanting, the 
earthing up tools increased efficiency by 82 percent 
versus the manual work, the suckercide applicator 
led to a 25 percent efficiency gain, and, finally, the 
stringing machine resulted in a 27 percent efficiency 
gain compared with the manual stick and tying, also 
contributing to a reduction of child labor incidents.

148

149

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Enhancing access to water, 
sanitation, and hygiene among 
tobacco-farming communities

The link between poverty and inadequate access 
to water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) is well 
established. We know, too, that enhancing WASH 
infrastructure can substantially improve the well-
being and livelihoods of community members.

To ensure all farmers within PMI’s footprint have 
basic access to water by 2025 and to sanitation 
and hygiene by 2030, we developed a framework 
guided by the Joint Monitoring Programme for 
Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene (JMP), 
established by the WHO and UNICEF. 

In 2021, we collected global WASH data through 
farm-by-farm monitoring and surveys, applying JMP’s 
universal indicators. This research has identified 
Argentina as an additional priority market for drinking 
water access (alongside Malawi and Mozambique), 
and an implementation plan has been developed 
focused on springs protection. We also developed 
water quality guidelines, water availability guidelines, 
and an animated training video that explains the 
concepts and importance of WASH to our farmers. 

Joint efforts with our suppliers on providing 
drinking water access in Malawi and Mozambique 
continued in 2021, with the drilling of 114 new 
handpump boreholes in Malawi, 55 in Mozambique, 
and the rehabilitation of 50 boreholes in 
Malawi and 50 boreholes in Mozambique. Since 
many boreholes are nonfunctioning in Africa, 
rehabilitation is an essential part of our strategy.

Empowering women involved  
in tobacco farming

Around the world, women participate in agriculture 
both as members of family farming households 
and as hired wage labor on farms owned and 
operated by other households or companies.

Many of the gender inequalities faced by women in 
general are exacerbated for women in agriculture. 
Globally, less than 15 percent of agricultural land is 
owned by women,1 and women involved in tobacco 
farming often face structural and cultural barriers 
such as gender gaps in earnings, financial inclusion, 
access to credit, employment segmentation, lack 
of ownership of land and property, inadequate 
opportunities to receive training or technical support, 
and difficulty balancing domestic responsibilities.

Since the inception of our ALP program, gender 
equality and fair treatment have been incorporated 
as key principles in all the countries from which we 
source tobacco. When we evolved the program to 
include a Step Change approach in 2018, we seized 
the opportunity to strengthen our contribution 
to gender equality, taking into consideration the 
instrumental role women play in improving household 
economic conditions and addressing child labor and 
other social challenges. Consequently, PMI’s ALP 
program now deploys across our sourcing markets 
several initiatives focused on women empowerment. 
These initiatives include, for instance, self-help groups 
in India through which women help one another start 
microbusinesses, a women-only ALP task force to 
perform monitoring in Pakistan, and entrepreneurship 
training and information on healthcare services for 
women farmers and their spouses in Argentina.

1  Source: Food and Agriculture Organization of the United States.

Supporting households in diversifying 
their income sources
We also look at opportunities to implement other 
income-generating activities. Notably, the cultivation 
of complementary crops beyond tobacco can improve 
farm income while enhancing resilience against 
climate change and economic uncertainty. In 2021, 
we estimate that around two-thirds of our contracted 
farmers also grew crops other than tobacco.

For instance, during the year, we supported 
the establishment of microbusiness programs 
in Indonesia with 104 women beneficiaries to 
produce backyard crops such as herbs, spices, 
yams, and papaya. Meanwhile, in Argentina and 
India (reaching 236 and 360 farmers, respectively) 
we expanded the production of okra, cluster 
bean, tomato, cowpea, and maize. Additionally, in 
Pakistan, the initiatives to produce mushrooms and 
backyard vegetables were expanded to close to 600 
farmers and around 2,400 farmers respectively. 

Lastly, in Mozambique, we expanded the treadle-
pump and winter-crop support project to an additional 
1,760 farmers, bringing the total beneficiaries to 
date to over 3,000, with an estimated 600 hectares 
under treadle-pump irrigation production.

Mitigating the impact of the gradual 
decrease in our tobacco demand

The growth of our smoke-free business 
intentionally results in a simultaneous decline 
of our cigarette business. This translates into 
a gradual decrease in our overall demand for 
tobacco leaf. Over the past five years, our 
demand for leaf fell 21 percent, from 370 million 
kilograms in 2016 down to approximately 291 
million kilograms in 2021. This resulted in a 
reduction in the volume of tobacco we purchase 
in some markets and the elimination of our 
sourcing activities in others. Such change has 
an undeniable impact on contracted farmers, 
especially those whose primary source of income 
traditionally has derived from tobacco growing.

We are aiming to address and, to the extent we 
can, minimize the negative effects of this shift. 
We do this through a dedicated assessment 
of the unique realities and contingencies that 
define each country or region where we source 
tobacco, building an understanding of the local 
ecosystem to tailor and implement sustainable 
solutions that can help farmers transition to 
sustainable alternative livelihoods where needed.

In some cases, farmers are not heavily reliant 
on tobacco production for their livelihoods, 
have the means to easily switch to other 
crops, or will continue to grow tobacco for 
other customers. In other geographies, we 
provide additional support to help mitigate 
the negative impact of our reduced purchases 
(read, for instance, about our efforts in 
Colombia—where we stopped purchasing 
tobacco—in our 2020 Integrated Report).

More broadly, the initiatives we implement 
to help contracted farmers earn a living 
income support the elimination of farming 
inefficiencies. They also promote practices—such 
as mechanization and irrigation technologies—
that improve productivity of the tobacco 
crop and also help farmers diversify their 
production to other crops. We expect these 
efforts to play an important role in minimizing 
the potential negative economic impacts on 
contracted farmers of our transformation and 
consequential reduction in demand for tobacco.

150

151

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Eliminating labor abuses in our 
tobacco supply chain: Promoting 
PMI’s Agricultural Labor Practices

Our ALP Code principles are as follows: No child labor, 
fair income and work hours, no forced labor or human 
trafficking, a safe work environment, fair treatment, 
freedom of association, and terms of employment.

Likewise, when the government in the Philippines 
implemented restrictions in specific towns and 
villages due to a rise in COVID-19 cases, our leaf 
suppliers’ technicians conducted remote monitoring 
via mobile phones. We are committed to continually 
strengthening our monitoring to improve our visibility 
of existing issues, take a more risk-based approach, 
and more effectively address the issues identified. 

In 2021, 2,530 field technicians contracted by 
either PMI or our leaf suppliers systematically 
monitored the implementation of the principles 
and measurable standards of ALP on 91 percent of 
all 253,813 contracted farms (2020: 93 percent). 
The monitoring in 2021 continued to be impacted 
by COVID-19 restrictions in certain markets. In 
Indonesia, where national restrictions limited their 
ability to physically visit farmers, field technicians 
made contact and conducted remote monitoring 
through mobile phones and digital applications. 

Our 2021 ALP monitoring farm-level data covers 
20 out of the 21 countries from which we sourced 
in 2021—data set for Switzerland was not included. 
For the first year, however, 100 percent of the 
Swiss farms were monitored by an independent 
company. These farms were visited once during 
the season and the purpose of this visit was to 
validate the results obtained from a self-assessment 
questionnaire completed by the farmers. 

Total prompt actions recorded by field technicians  
(2019–2021)

Safe working environment issues

Child labor

Income and working hours

Other ALP principles

Total:
14,440

<1%
8%

19%

Total:
14,751

<1%

11%

16%

73%

73%

Total:
9,918

<1%
13%

11%

76%

2019

2020

2021

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The overwhelming majority of our relationships with 
contracted farmers feature a shared commitment 
to continuous improvement in addressing social 
issues. If a contracted farmer is noncompliant and 
fails to address gaps identified, we may end our 
business relationship with that farmer. In 2021, 875 
contracts were terminated due to ALP violations 
(2020: 1,794). The decrease compared to 2020 is 
mainly attributable to Mozambique, where robust 
pre-contracting due diligence has been put in place.

To further support compliance with our ALP 
Code, we consolidated training materials used 
on the ground. After identifying training needs 
and best practices, we revamped these materials 
and, with the guidance of Verité, developed a 
learning framework applicable to ALP professionals 
and field technicians around the world. 

This updated and standardized curriculum will 
ensure that suppliers and field technicians receive 
consistent guidance about their responsibilities, 
the principles and standards they are expected 
to uphold, and the skills needed to carry out their 
work. The content has been updated to reflect the 
current state of the ALP program, including new 
priorities, and deliver refreshed reference materials, 
handouts, training tools, and other resources such 
as case studies, practical exercises, and knowledge 
tests. The format allows the customization of content 
to meet the different training needs of diverse 
markets and learners. In 2022, we plan to roll out 
the revamped materials through webinars following 
a “train the trainer” initiative with suppliers.

This first year of monitoring highlighted non-
conformities with our ALP Code that were extensively 
discussed with SOTA (cooperative responsible for 
the purchase of Swiss tobacco) and SwissTabac 
(Swiss tobacco farmers association) that contracts 
with the farmers. According to Swiss Tobacco 
Tax legislation, the Swiss government can oblige 
companies making and selling cigarettes in Switzerland 
to purchase a certain amount of tobacco cultivated 
in the country. In that regard, due to the uniqueness 
of the contractual relationship our company has 
through SOTA with SwissTabac and all of the Swiss 
tobacco farmers, our ability to enforce our agricultural 
labor practices is more limited, and so is our ability 
to influence our ALP Code’s full adoption. This is 
because some of our ALP requirements (which align 
with ILO’s standards and definitions of child labor) are 
more stringent than Swiss law. We remain, however, 
committed to continue promoting our ALP principles 
and furthering their implementation in Switzerland.

In 2021, field technicians reported a total of 9,918 
prompt actions across all sourcing markets, of which 
76 percent related to safe working environment 
issues, 11 percent to child labor incidents, and  
13 percent to income and working hours. In total,  
86 percent of the prompt actions raised were resolved 
during the year, with the remaining 14 percent 
of prompt actions followed-up yet not resolved, 
predominantly due to the timing of the crop stage.

In addition to internal monitoring, Control Union 
conducted external assessments in one market 
in 2021 (China). The assessment scheduled 
in Indonesia was postponed to 2022 due to 
COVID-19 restrictions. External verification by 
local third-party organizations was undertaken 
in six markets. Moreover, during the year, we 
actively collaborated with a peer company and 
our common tobacco leaf supplier to conduct a 
targeted human rights impact assessment in the 
tobacco supply chain in Turkey (read more here).

Across the countries from which we source 
tobacco, the most recurrent and difficult challenges 
relate to work performed by children, insufficient 
use of personal protective equipment, and 
payment of a minimum legal wage (or formalized 
agricultural benchmark) to farmworkers. We have 
developed and are implementing action plans to 
address these recurrent issues in collaboration 
with key stakeholders, including our strategic 
partner Verité, local NGOs, and governments.

152

153

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Eliminating child labor

We maintain a relentless focus on 
preventing incidents of child labor and take 
immediate action when they arise.

Our objective is to eradicate child labor cases in 
our tobacco supply chain that are repetitive and 
systemic by 2025. We acknowledge that isolated 
cases—even when systemic occurrences are fully 
addressed—might persist due to farmer turnover 
or unintentional misbehaviors, and we will remain 
alert and tackle them promptly when identified.

We use International Labour Organization standards 
to measure our progress toward our target of zero 
child labor. Our traditional reporting approach centers 
on preventing children from performing hazardous 
tasks. In 2020, we introduced a new methodology to 
include the employment of children under age 15 and 
children under 13 doing any tobacco-related tasks. 
This new methodology reinforces our risk-based 
due diligence processes as it improves visibility and 
granularity on child labor across our sourcing markets.

Results over the past two years show a decline in 
the prevalence of child labor among our contracted 
farms, from 3.5 percent in 2020 to 1.8 percent 
in 2021. This decrease is mainly attributed to 
Argentina, Mexico, Mozambique, and Turkey, 
where we observed the positive impact of years 
of implementation of the ALP Program.

We are, however, cautious of this positive 
trend, as in 2021, the COVID-19 pandemic 
continued to impact our initiatives and child labor 
remediation actions. Further, we acknowledge the 
limitations of our monitoring system, as well as 
the complex and persistent nature of child labor. 
Nonetheless, our field technicians continued 
to conduct farm-by-farm monitoring where 
possible and to support farmers in addressing 
and remedying child labor risks and incidents.

Calculating child labor prevalence

The calculation of child labor prevalence, introduced 
in 2020, is based on the introduction of two 
new elements to enhance our methodology: 

1.  Self-declared nonconformities: These are risks 
identified before they become issues. We 
identify nonconformities by reinforcing our 
risk-based approach in our farm-by-farm 
monitoring to strengthen procedures and 
techniques to better identify risks. These are 
identified through interviews with or direct 
observations from the farmer and workers on a 
farm or their direct observations brought to the 
attention of field technicians. Their reporting 
helps us flag risks and proactively mitigate 
them.

2.  Consolidated reporting: This means reporting 
child labor incidences raised as prompt actions 
by field technicians by aggregating them per 
type (children under 18 doing hazardous tasks, 
children under 15 hired, and children under 13 
doing any tobacco-related task).

Based on these enhancements, we calculate child 
labor prevalence using the prompt actions and the 
newly introduced self-declared nonconformities 
reported during the farm-by-farm monitoring, 
covering all types of child labor, and with respective 
weighting factors of 100% (prompt actions) 
and 50% (self-declared nonconformities).

We conduct this exercise for every sourcing 
market, and the global prevalence is a weighted 
average based on the number of farmers. 
Additionally, for priority markets, the methodology 
supplements the internal monitoring data with 
data collected through third-party verifications.

The objective is to achieve higher accuracy in 
our global and per-country child labor prevalence 
by integrating learnings from these assessments 
(including issues raised) into our calculation. This 
comprehensive approach acknowledges the 
limitations of our internal monitoring system: The 
field technicians are only present on the farms for 
a limited time during the growing season, and the 
issues we face are complex and often persistent.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

During 2021, field technicians monitored 98 percent 
of contracted farms for child labor-related issues 
and recorded a total of 1,175 prompt actions (2020: 
99 percent; 2,352 prompt actions). Of those, 1,121 
cases involved children performing hazardous tasks 
(2020: 2,285), 16 related to children under 15 hired 
(2020: three), and 38 pertained to children under 
13 performing light work (2020: 64). In total, these 
prompt actions involved 1,609 children, with 93 
percent of them being the farmers’ children. The most 
common tasks field technicians found the children 
doing were harvesting or handling green tobacco and 
stringing. A significant proportion of this reduction 
comes from Turkey, which can be mainly attributed 
to a change in sourcing footprint versus 2020.

Of all child labor-related prompt actions recorded in 
2021, 99 percent were resolved, and the remaining 
1 percent had monitored action plans in place. 

Field technicians further support our efforts to 
remediate prompt actions and eradicate child 
labor by raising awareness and offering training, 
promoting school access and attendance, 
conducting vocational training, and supporting 
initiatives to improve household income levels.

See our ALP 10-year anniversary report 
published in 2021 for examples of projects 
we support on the ground to help eradicate 
child labor in our tobacco supply chain.

In many geographies, the findings of external 
assessments related to child labor are reasonably 
well aligned with our internal monitoring data, which 
show continued improvement in our visibility on 
the ground and the accuracy of our internal data. 
We remain focused on further strengthening our 
controls, for example by increasing the number 
of unannounced visits and improving the training 
of field technicians on monitoring techniques.

Total number of child labor prompt actions recorded in 2021, by geography

Mozambique

Turkey

North Macedonia

Malawi

Pakistan

Indonesia

Other

Types of prompt action recorded in 2021 relating to hazardous work performed by children

Harvesting or handling green tobacco

Stringing

Carrying heavy loads

Working with sharp tools

Driving a tractor or operating machinery

Handling or applying CPA or fertilizer

Other

610

376

69

39

22

13

46

59%

24%

4%

4%

2%

2%

5%

154

155

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Implementing an individualized approach to mitigate  
the impact of COVID-19 on access to education

Our colleagues in Argentina, who are actively 
engaged in our Porvenir program, acted fast 
when COVID-19 entered their market. The 
aim was to ensure that the most vulnerable 
farmer families and their children continued 
having access to education by creating a 
nexus between families and rural schools.

Historically, the Porvenir program in Misiones based 
its strategy on access to education and alternative 
spaces to keep the children away from child labor 
risks. Some of the main interventions were after-
school activities, workshops, and leisure events in 
community spaces. COVID-19 restrictions led to 
school closures and social meetings prohibition, 
affecting the program’s normal execution. 
Massalin Particulares and Conciencia Association 
acknowledged that this situation, if not addressed 
properly, could lead to an increase of child labor risk. 

This is when the family accompaniment was 
created, reaching more than 800 families and 1,600 
children during 2020 and 2021. The benefited 
families from El Soberbio, San Vicente, and San 
Pedro received bi-weekly visits from a liaison 
to ensure children were regularly receiving and 
doing school homework and making progress 
toward the academic year. The approach was 
designed to target not only the kids but also their 
parents since they play a key role in mitigating and 
preventing child labor within the tobacco farm.

The results of the family accompaniment program 
were very encouraging, with 80 percent of 
children at school age who continued schooling, 
20 percent of unschooled children who resumed 
their studies, and zero child labor cases identified.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Types of prompt actions recorded in 2021 
relating to safe working environment issues

Exposure to GTS due to not wearing proper PPE

40%

Exposure to CPA due to not wearing proper PPE

18%

CPA stored in a way that could cause  
a health and safety accident

Working at height without protection

Unsafe or insufficient work accommodation

Other

17%

15%

5%

4%

Promoting a safe working environment

In line with PMI’s ALP Code, we require farmers 
to provide a safe workplace to prevent accidents 
and injury and minimize health risks.

In 2021, field technicians recorded a total of 
7,514 prompt actions related to unsafe working 
environments (2020: 10,816). Around 58 percent 
of these prompt actions related to handling green 
tobacco and applying crop protection agents (CPA) 
without the proper PPE, 17 percent related to 
incorrect storage of CPA containers, and 15 percent 
related to working at height without protection. The 
key focus areas remain to address the nonusage of 
PPE when handling green tobacco and incorrect 
storage of CPA containers, whereas a new area 
of risk has been identified: working at height. In 
all cases, targeted training will be delivered.

During the year, we focused on maintaining access 
to appropriate PPE for all our contracted farmers 
and farmworkers. In addition to being available, 
PPE needs to be appropriately used. Understanding 
the hazards related to certain tobacco tasks and 
encouraging behavior change is key to safeguarding 
the health and safety of those involved.

Meanwhile, we also monitored the provision of safe 
and adequate accommodation by farmers to workers, 
when relevant (in 2021, around 5 percent of our 
contracted farmers provided accommodation to 
workers). Further, we rolled out a reinforced set of 
global minimum accommodation standards (including 
relevant WASH requirements) across all sourcing 
markets to bring better sophistication and consistency 
and further enhance the living and working conditions 
of farmworkers. Around 5 percent of prompt actions 
raised within the unsafe working environment in 2021 
were related to the new accommodation standards 
with all of them addressed within the same crop 
season, with the exception of three prompt actions. 

156

157

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Advancing minimum wages for farmworkers

In a typical crop season, approximately 33 percent of 
contracted farmers supplying PMI or our suppliers 
hire workers. Income earned by farmworkers 
during a pay period or growing season should be 
enough to meet their basic needs. Our ALP Code 
requires that the wages of all workers (including 
temporary, piece-rate, seasonal, and migrant workers) 
meet—at a minimum—the national legal standard 
or formalized agricultural benchmark standard.

In 2021, we monitored the wages of 91 percent 
of our contracted tobacco farmers and found that 
95 percent of farmworkers were paid at least the 
minimum wage (2020: 65 percent). Field technicians 
recorded a total of 1,154 prompt actions related 
to farmers paying less than the minimum wage 
to their workers (2020: 1,541). The data reflects 
significant progress due to an increased focus 
on minimum wage payment, along with relevant 
controls implemented during pre-contracting due 
diligence and the delivery of targeted training. 

Further, year-on-year change was also driven 
by improved data quality and availability, 
allowing enhanced measurement.

While encouraged by the progress made so far, 
we know that wage-related challenges relate not 
only to substandard payment but also to informal 
terms of employment, inconsistency between 
supply and demand of labor, and workers’ lack of 
knowledge about their rights. In the past, a challenge 
we faced in some countries related to the lack 
of an applicable legal minimum wage, such as in 
Indonesia, or formalized agricultural benchmark, 
such as in Argentina. In 2021, following extensive 
stakeholder engagement or introduction of new 
legislation, the minimum wage rates have been set 
and we are monitoring and reporting against those.

Our two most challenging geographies regarding 
minimum wage payments are Turkey (read more 
in this case study) and India (see below).

Tackling the challenges linked to minimum wage in India

The issue of minimum wage payment in agriculture 
in India is complex and widespread across the 
country. In Vinukonda, the tobacco growing area 
falls across three different zones where each of 
the local governments set their legal minimum 
wage, which is updated twice per year. Minimum 
wage varies by tasks for all crops, resulting in some 
activities requiring higher wages than others. 

Based on engagement with stakeholders, farmers 
follow unofficial benchmarks agreed at the village 
level before the crop season starts and may not 
align with the government legislation on minimum 
wage rates. In addition, these unofficial benchmarks 
may vary due to supply and demand for workers 
during the key crop stages and payment to women 
workers is typically lower compared to men. 

Given the different wages paid to men and 
women workers and the fluctuating unofficial 
benchmarks, PMI together with our local suppliers 
considered it necessary to monitor the payment 
of wages throughout the various tobacco stages. 

The monitoring is based on key data collected, 
including the number of hired men and women 

workers, actual wages paid, and the number 
of hours they work, among others. Based on 
these data points, a weighted average of the 
combined tasks performed during the crop 
season per farm is applied to determine if the 
farmer is paying the legal minimum wage. This 
methodology is conducted on a representative 
sample within the relevant zones with the 
results extrapolated to the total farmer base. 

In order to proactively address payment gaps, 
we have implemented two initiatives. Firstly, we 
are rolling out mechanization for labor-intensive 
tasks such as transplanting, inter-cultivation, 
and stitching of harvested leaves, which aims to 
improve efficiencies on the farm. Secondly, we 
are piloting the payment support to workers, 
aiming to bridge the gap between the actual 
average wage and the legal minimum wage by 
directly providing payment support to eligible 
workers at the end of the tobacco season. The 
impact of these initiatives will be assessed during 
its implementation and continuously monitored 
throughout 2022. Depending on the results, we 
will explore further expansion of these initiatives. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

With regard to our non-electronics supply base, 
we successfully transitioned our supplier due 
diligence program to EcoVadis, the leading global 
provider of online ESG supplier assessments. 
This shift significantly strengthens our approach 
by allowing us to access a vast number of ESG 
scorecards commissioned by EcoVadis users. In 
addition to providing fact-based and detailed 
supplier evaluations, these assessments let us see 
improvement programs undertaken. The assessments 
are available on the EcoVadis digital platform, 
which allows seamless sharing among all supplier 
and customer participants, creating an effective 
collaboration ecosystem. In 2021, our critical suppliers 
of direct materials assessed in EcoVadis achieved 
an average social score of 56 (out of a maximum 
score of 100). This first year of assessment will 
provide us the basis for deeper analysis, in order to 
develop targeted programs in the coming years. 

Meanwhile, our broad and in-depth human rights 
impact assessments—which we aim to conduct 
in our 10 highest-risk markets by 2025—provide 
us with granular insights into social challenges 
along our value chain. Read more here. 

Promoting fair working  
and living conditions in our 
broader supply chain

We aim to leverage our experience in our tobacco 
supply chain to promote high labor standards 
and advance the socioeconomic well-being of 
workers across our broader supply chain. 

Our Responsible Sourcing Principles set out 
ambitions and expectations for our suppliers, 
including human and labor rights considerations. 
We monitor adherence to the RSP and the 
sustainability performance of our critical suppliers 
through tailored due diligence instruments, including 
the EcoVadis platform for our direct materials 
suppliers and the Validated Assessment Program 
(VAP) of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) 
for our electronics suppliers (read more here). 

In 2021, we joined RBA, the electronics industry 
initiative for sustainable supply chains. During our 
first year of membership, we were able to use RBA’s 
best-in-class methodologies and tools, including 
on-site audit reports shared among members, to 
significantly enhance the evaluation and performance 
of our suppliers. The RBA Validated Assessment 
Program is a leading standard for on-site compliance 
verification and effective, shareable audits. 

Data gathered through the VAP in 2021 highlighted 
a strong performance by our suppliers (our suppliers’ 
average initial VAP audit score was 160 out of 200, 
compared with an RBA average of 127), as well as 
scope for continuous improvement. Identified areas 
for improvement included working hours, one day off 
every seven days, and emergency preparedness—all 
issues common to the electronics industry. In addition 
to setting up suppliers’ improvement plans, we 
introduced RBA online training to electronics suppliers 
to enhance their awareness and understanding 
of best practices and provide new approaches 
and tools to drive performance improvement. 

To further build our understanding, we worked 
with Article One to conduct a human rights risks 
saliency mapping focused on our electronics 
supply chain (read more here). Article One’s 
findings and recommendations further support 
the strategic relevance of our RBA membership. 

158

159

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Looking ahead

i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s

l

r
u
o
n

i

l

e
p
o
e
p
f
o
e
f
i
l

f
o
y
t
i
l

a
u
q
e
h
t
e
v
o
r
p
m

I

Over the past ten years we have gained 
valuable expertise in tackling social challenges 
in our tobacco supply chain and understand 
the power of building lasting capabilities and 
fair remuneration to address many inequalities. 
As our company continues to transform, so 
does our supply chain and with this come 
new challenges and opportunities.

During 2022, we will craft a strategy that can 
comprehensively address this new context, 
including the specific challenges of the electronic 
supply chain that are still somewhat new to our 
industry. Building on a wealth of experience 
that we have acquired by working over many 
years and across multiple geographies on living 
income programs, we will seek to expand our 
impact more broadly in our supply chain. 

We are aware that this will require strong 
engagement with our suppliers, with our business 
partners, with others in the private sector as 
well as strong collaboration with specialized 
organizations, academics, and governments. With 
better visibility of the issues we are trying to solve, 
with quality data and with robust partnerships, 
we will be able to develop a social sustainability 
strategy in our value chain that is leading and 
innovative, and that supports the very purpose 
of our company transformation. In summary, we 
will work to make sure that our transformation, 
strategy, and plans are viable, sustainable, 
and create systemic net positive impact.

Massimo Andolina, Senior Vice President, Operations

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our aspiration is to ensure that farmers and other workers in our supply chain enjoy 
a decent standard of living. The challenges we face as we work to establish a concrete  
strategy include lack of transparency related to policies, practices, and concrete data on issues related 
to living wage. Nevertheless, we are determined to build a robust strategy that can pave the way to 
access meaningful information with which we will be able to craft engagement plans and programs 
that are able to respond to the pressing need of expanding our ambitions to impact and improve 
the quality of life of people in our supply chain. In 2022, we will also update our Commitment to 
Human Rights and upgrade our Responsible Sourcing Principles to integrate new trends, external 
requirements, our latest sustainability materiality assessment, and refreshed corporate priorities. 
Diversity and inclusion together with equitable livelihoods will be among the new areas of focus.

Marcel Jacobs, Director, Social Sustainability Operations

Our intention is to champion the adoption of 
living income and high labor standards in the 
tobacco supply chain and we will continue 
developing and implementing sound programs 
that can do that. We will also continue to closely 
monitor labor practices and address incidents 
raised, with a view to eradicating systemic child 
labor by 2025. A key focus in 2022 will be to 
continue promoting the payment of at least the 
minimum legal wage to farmworkers and ensure 
basic access to water to contracted farmers. 
We will keep seeking ways to strengthen our 
monitoring and remediation systems and plan to 
conduct external verification in priority markets.

In 2022, we plan to strengthen our approach by 
covering the full life cycle of tobacco production, 
including both the field and processing stages, 
and focusing on the tobacco we purchase 
and use in our products. We expect this 
enhanced approach to generate positive impact 
by influencing our partners who operate in 
tobacco growing countries to accelerate actions 
and sustainably address ESG challenges. We 
will continue monitoring and having visibility 
on the wider tobacco farming communities, 
collecting the insights needed to continue 
supporting farmers through tailored initiatives, 
strengthening remediation programs for the 
issues identified, and ultimately contributing 
to the improvement of farmers’ livelihoods.

Pedro Braga, Vice President, Leaf

160

161

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
O P E R A T I O N A L   I M P A C T

Tackle climate change

Climate change is among the greatest threats to society. There is broad scientific 
consensus about the urgency of setting more ambitious emission reduction targets 
to limit the rise in the global temperature to 1.5 degrees Celsius above preindustrial 
levels. These commitments now need to translate into concrete actions that support 
and are fully aligned with the Paris Climate Agreement.

C O N T E N T S

164  Our management approach

Progress in 2021

166  Overview of our carbon footprint 

in 2021

168  Accelerating our efforts toward 

carbon neutrality in our operations

172  Leading carbon reduction in our 

tobacco supply chain

175  Joining forces with our suppliers 

to achieve net zero

176  Looking ahead

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right thing to do

The climate crisis, as acknowledged by the 
international community, threatens all livelihoods, 
but especially those who are most vulnerable, 
exacerbating inequalities. It impacts human rights, 
biodiversity, water access, global health, and food 
security and exacerbates environmental changes 
such as ecosystem degradation, drought, flooding, 
and desertification. While science tells us that climate 
change is irrefutable and unavoidable, it also tells us 
that it is not too late to limit global warming to the 1.5 
degrees Celsius threshold that is considered the limit 
beyond which climate impacts will be catastrophic. 
Achieving this goal will require fundamental 
transformations of critical aspects of society—
including how we grow food crops, use land, transport 
goods, and power our economies. The great challenge 
of our times is to find a way to effectively align the 
public and private sectors to take critical action and 
put aside existing siloed approaches and objectives. 

The business case

For a business like ours—with a diversified agricultural 
supply chain sensitive to climate changes—abrupt 
climate variations can have a profound impact on the 
secure supply of our raw materials. 

It may also threaten facilities and operations, 
transportation, and distribution chains, as well 
as access to power networks and water. Beyond 
endangering physical infrastructure and supply 
chains, the impacts of climate change and its effects 
on biodiversity loss and water insecurity—among 
others—undermine progress and business growth by 
exacerbating systems-level disruptions for customers, 
investors, employees, and communities. Against 
this backdrop, it is essential for us to strengthen 
our mitigation efforts and our resilience to climate 
impacts. This includes reducing our greenhouse gas 
(GHG) emissions, thereby increasing efficiency and 
energy savings, which in turn results in fewer inputs 
used over outputs and better profitability. It also 
means taking steps to apply innovative low-carbon 
technologies, which require higher investments 
upfront but offer meaningful emissions reductions 
and payback over the medium to long term. It 
is also key for us to voice support for effective 
national and global climate policies, which inject 
more certainty into short- and long-term planning 
and investment and position us to better anticipate 
regulatory risks and seize economic opportunities. 

O U R   A S P I R A T I O N S

SI

Sustainability Index

2023

2025

2030

2040

Zero

coal used as curing fuel for 
the tobacco we source

Carbon neutral
carbon neutrality in our direct 
operations (scope 1+2)

SI

100%

of our manufacturing facilities 
certified carbon neutral 

25%

SI

reduction in absolute 
scope 3 GHG emissions 
versus 2019 baseline

35%

reduction in absolute GHG 
emissions in our tobacco supply 
chain versus 2019 baseline 

50%

reduction in absolute scope 
1+2 GHG emissions versus 
2019 baseline (SBT)

Net zero

GHG emissions in our value 
chain (scope 1+2+3)

100%

of electricity used and purchased 
in our factories derived 
from renewable sources

50%

reduction in absolute scope 
3 GHG emissions versus 
2019 baseline (SBT)

50%

reduction in absolute GHG 
emissions in our tobacco supply 
chain versus 2019 baseline

162

163

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

Our management approach

Our climate strategy aims to address pertinent 
climate change risks and build resilience while 
seizing opportunities presented by a low-carbon 
future. To deliver on our climate ambition, we 
rely on robust carbon footprint accounting, 
analysis of climate change-related risks and 
opportunities, ambitious mitigation targets, clear 
management and governance structures, and key 
enablers such as our internal carbon pricing.

We accelerated our decarbonization ambitions 
in 2021. We now aim to achieve carbon 
neutrality in our operations (scope 1+2) by 
2025 and net zero emissions across our entire 
value chain (scope 1+2+3) by 2040.

To deliver on those ambitious goals, we prioritize 
reducing absolute carbon emissions. We do so by 
optimizing efficiency and reducing consumption 
while minimizing the use of fossil fuels and 
promoting the switch to renewable energy (by 
procuring green electricity and installing technology 
to self-produce or store green energy). 

Our work to reduce absolute emissions is guided 
by science-based targets aligned with a scenario 
of an increase in global temperatures of no more 
than 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre-industrial 
levels. Our targets, approved by the Science Based 
Targets initiative (SBTi), commit us to reducing 
our absolute scope 1+2 GHG emissions by 50 
percent by 2030 versus our 2019 baseline, and 
to reducing our absolute scope 3 GHG emissions 
by 50 percent within the same timeframe. 
Moreover, our commitment to net zero emissions 
(scope 1+2+3) by 2040 is undergoing validation 
by SBTi at the time of writing this report.

Once we have maximized our emissions reductions, 
we compensate for the remaining unavoidable 
emissions. We prioritize insetting projects in our 
supply chain when possible and purchase certified 
carbon credits when needed. Our portfolio of 
climate investments brings both standardization and 
sophistication to our approach to compensation.

Our three-pronged approach to decarbonization

R E D U C E

S W I TC H

O FF S E T

Reduce consumption  
and optimize efficiency

Minimize the use of  
fossil fuels and promote 
the switch to renewable 
energy

Compensate for the remaining unavoidable 
emissions with instruments and activities in line 
with international best practices incorporating 
environmental and social integrity

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our decarbonization efforts cover our entire 
value chain, which extends from the supply of 
tobacco and other materials to the production, 
packaging, commercialization, use, and end-of-
life stage of our products. Guided by our GHG 
footprint model, we have specific mid-term 
targets and strategies in place that account for 
our most significant impacts on climate.

We use internal carbon pricing to incentivize and 
drive reductions in GHG emissions. We implement 
a shadow price to internalize environmental costs 
and factor them into investment decisions. And we 
use an internal carbon levy as an incentive to reduce 
GHG emissions and a way to generate funding for 
solutions to compensate for unavoidable emissions. 

Several corporate policies guide our approach to 
decarbonizing our operations and value chain. 
The reduction of energy consumption and carbon 
emissions is embedded in our Environmental 
Commitment, our Guidebook for Success (PMI’s code 
of conduct), our Responsible Sourcing Principles, 
and our Good Agricultural Practices program. Our 
Zero Deforestation Manifesto covers our sustainable 
forestry management, which contributes to climate 
regulation and carbon sequestration. Further, our 
Sustainable Design Framework guides the integration 
of eco-design and circularity principles and efforts 
to minimize the carbon footprint of our smoke-
free products. These policies are complemented 
by internal Principles & Practices and operational 
standards, such as our Global Fleet policy. 

We periodically conduct a climate change risks and 
opportunities assessment across our value chain. 
The findings inform PMI’s overall risk management 
approach and help us to better integrate climate-
related issues into our overall risk mitigation response 
and decision-making processes. This work aligns with 
international expectations such as those of the Paris 
Agreement to mitigate and adapt to climate impacts, 
as well as the recommendations of the Task Force 
on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 

Our governance and management systems help 
ensure that climate-related risks and opportunities 
are considered in relevant decision-making processes 
(read more about our governance arrangements here). 
Our Senior Vice President, Operations, a member 
of Company Management, is tasked with addressing 
climate change risks across all company activities. 
He monitors and reviews progress against objectives, 
strategies, and action plans related to climate change 
and reports findings to the Nominating and Corporate 
Governance Committee and the Audit Committee of 
PMI’s Board of Directors. The SVP, Operations also 
ensures that risk assessment and management of 
issues related to climate change are integrated into 
long-term plans, objectives, budgets, and performance 
review processes. From an operational standpoint, 
our Operations, Combustible Category, Smoke-
free Category, and Finance functions coordinate 
the company’s climate change-related activities. 

PMI’s Low-Carbon Transition Plan

Our Low-Carbon Transition Plan (LCTP), published 
in October 2021, provides a transparent and 
detailed view of how we plan to achieve our climate 
ambitions, how we will measure success, and how 
we will report on progress. It describes the various 
tools and enablers—including our approach to carbon 
pricing, our portfolio of climate investments, and our 
governance and management arrangements—that will 
help us deliver on our climate targets. We believe that 
transparency drives action, accountability, and change. 
By openly sharing our objectives and methodologies 
in our LCTP, we seek to accelerate the achievement 
of our ambitious net zero and low-carbon targets and 
commitments (see an overview of our timeline here).

W E   A R E

Achieving our  
climate goals 

PH I LI P M O R R I S I NTE R N ATI O N A L   

LOW- C A R B O N TR A N S ITI O N PL A N 

O C TO B E R 2 021 

164

165

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

We incentivize relevant employees through 
monetary rewards or other forms of recognition 
for the successful implementation of climate-
related initiatives (read more about our executive 
compensation here) and seek to raise awareness 
among our entire workforce of climate change 
impacts through regular internal communications 
and training. Moreover, our selection criteria 
take into consideration the transparency of 
the suppliers of direct materials in disclosing 
their emissions factors and demonstrating 
significant carbon intensity reductions. 

The urgent and monumental task of combating 
climate change cannot be accomplished by solo 
operators; it requires the input and collaboration 
of partners across the public and private sectors. 
PMI collaborates with, supports, participates in, 
and is a member of sustainability-related initiatives 
and organizations that harness the power of 
collaboration to implement solutions at scale. 
Among other collaborations, we participate in 
three World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD) working groups: Climate 
Smart Agriculture (Scaling Positive Agriculture), 
Nature Action, and the Forest Solutions Group. 

We are also a signatory to the Business Ambition 
for 1. 5°C commitment—having responded to 
a call-to-action for companies to step up their 
ambitions for the best chance of tackling the climate 
crisis. Moreover, in 2021, we publicly declared our 
support for the TCFD and its recommendations. Our 
affiliates also belong to national business associations 
that are engaging with governments to advance 
progress on climate protection at the local level. 

The robustness of our commitments is reflected in 
our achievement of an “A” score in each of the past 
eight years on CDP’s climate change disclosure—a 
recognition of PMI’s action to combat climate 
change and transparently report on its activities. 

Progress in 2021

Urgent action is needed to tackle climate change. 
As a major multinational corporation with many 
stakeholders around the world, we are increasing 
the pace of our initiatives to mitigate climate 
impacts through emissions reduction measures 
and bolstering our business’s resilience. 

Overview of our carbon  
footprint in 2021

Accurate measurement and transparent reporting of 
our carbon footprint help us to shape our strategy, 
set targets, and measure progress. We calculate our 
GHG footprint annually, following guidance from 
the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and accounting for 
all emissions generated across our value chain (read 
about how we calculate our GHG emissions here). 

While we consider it vital to improve the 
environmental performance of our direct operations 
(including our factories, offices, and fleet), most 
of our carbon footprint is generated in scope 
3 of our value chain. Consequently, working 
collectively with tobacco growers, suppliers, retailers, 
NGOs, local communities, and governments is 
crucial to attaining our environmental goals.

Our upstream emissions represented 85.9 percent 
of our total GHG footprint in 2021. Sources of these 
emissions included curing and fertilization in our 
tobacco supply chain, the acquisition and transport 
of materials used in the manufacture of our products, 
the procurement of indirect materials and services 
necessary to run our business activities, third-party 
disposal and treatment of waste, and business 
travel and employee commuting, among others.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Downstream, emissions generated by the transport 
and distribution, use, and end-of-life management 
of our products represented 5.1 percent of 
our total footprint in 2021. Emissions related 
to the use and end-of-life management of our 
products are slowly but steadily decreasing, mainly 
due to improvements in our heated tobacco 
units and device design (read more here).

Overall, in 2021, our emissions decreased in 
absolute terms by 1.7 percent across our value 
chain versus 2020, amounting to a total reduction 
of 84,000 tons of CO2e. More specifically, we 
achieved an absolute reduction in scope 1 emissions 
of 4.3 percent, in scope 2 of 28.9 percent, and 
in scope 3 of 1.2 percent versus 2020. 

Carbon emissions along our value chain in 2021

UPSTREAM VALUE CHAIN

OUR DIRECT OPERATIONS

DOWNSTREAM VALUE CHAIN

SCOPE 3: 85.9%

SCOPE 1: 7.5%

SCOPE 3: 5.1%

Offices and 
warehouses

2.6%

Use of our  
products

1.9%
Fuel consumption  
from our vehicles  
and aircraft

1.2%
Transport and  
distribution

5.6%
Fuel consumption  
in our offices,  
factories, and  
warehouses

14.4%
Transportation  
and distribution

1.3%

Business travel  
and employee  
commuting

15.8%
Tobacco growing

54.5%
Materials and services 
purchased, and related 
activities

SCOPE 2: 1.6%

1.6%
Indirect emissions from the  
generation of purchased or acquired  
electricity, steam, heat, or cooling  
consumed by PMI

1.3%
Products  
end-of-life

CARBON-NEUTRAL
OPERATIONS BY 2025

PATH TO  
DECARBONIZATION

2025

2040

NET ZERO GHG EMISSIONS
ALONG OUR VALUE CHAIN BY 2040

166

167

Presentation of information aligns with guidance of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Figures are rounded.

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

Accelerating our efforts  
toward carbon neutrality  
in our operations

Our sites and fleet are the parts of our value 
chain over which we have the greatest control. 
To achieve our ambition of carbon neutrality in 
our direct operations by 2025, we combine good 
management practices with strategic energy-related 
investments. We invest in optimizing energy and 
process efficiencies and replacing fossil fuel-based 
energy with renewable sources. We compensate 
for our absolute carbon emissions as a last resort—
once we have maximized our emissions reduction.

Decarbonizing our factories

Reducing carbon emissions in our manufacturing 
sites relies first and foremost on promoting efficient 
energy use. We achieve this through our Drive 4 Zero 
program, which establishes a common way of working 
across our factories, advances a zero-loss mindset, 
and empowers employees to identify and implement 
improvements. In addition to enhancing energy 
efficiency, this program offers environmental benefits 
such as reduced water consumption and waste. With 
regard to energy use, the program triggered more 
than 200 projects worldwide in 2021, including, for 
example, the optimization of compressed air, steam, 
and cooling systems, heat-recovery projects, LED 
lighting, and electric motor replacement. We also look 
at opportunities to leverage technology to deliver 
significant carbon savings. For instance, in 2021, we 
deployed across all our manufacturing sites a new 
learning algorithm that allowed us to upgrade our 
ventilation and air conditioning system, decreasing 
the energy required to release the same humidity and 
temperature factory conditions by around 20 percent.

In parallel, we are continuing our gradual switch 
to renewable energy sources. We implement 
technologies to generate renewable energy, 
such as photovoltaic panels, biomass boilers 
and heat pumps, and tri-generation processes 
(combining cooling, heat, and power). 

For example, in our factory in Switzerland, the 
pyrolysis technology installed in 2020 allowed 
us to use operational waste instead of fossil 
fuels to produce steam and hot water; we are 
currently fine-tuning our pyrolysis setup, which is 
expected to deliver significant carbon reductions 
in the years to come. Meanwhile, in Portugal, we 
completed the installation of a solar carport at our 
Tabaqueira factory, which we expect will reduce 
carbon emissions by up to 828 tons per year.

Worldwide, 7 percent of the energy used in our 
factories in 2021 was self-generated by innovative 
technologies (2020: 2 percent). To increase this 
proportion, we developed an internal tool during 2021 
that creates a portfolio of zero-carbon technologies 
and assesses them against specific risks and attributes. 

This tool will help us select and implement the 
most impactful solutions across our manufacturing 
sites. We are also considering the establishment 
of direct power purchase agreements with 
large-scale solar, wind, hydro, and geothermal 
installations and small-scale hydropower schemes.

In 2021, 81 percent of the electricity used in 
our factories came from renewable sources (up 
from 78 percent in 2020), and we are on track 
to achieve our target of 100 percent by 2025.

Our efforts to enhance efficiency and switch to 
renewables offset the increased energy required 
to produce our smoke-free product consumables 
compared with cigarettes (the extra energy required 
is mainly due to the additional steam needed in the 
manufacturing process). Indeed, our efforts in 2021 
led to an overall reduction of around 12 percent 
in our absolute GHG emissions in our factories 
versus 2020, approximately half of it driven by 
our efficiency initiatives and the remaining half 
by our switch to renewable energy sources.

During the year, we certified three additional sites 
in the Czech Republic, Mexico, and Portugal as 
carbon neutral, bringing the total to five factories 
certified to date. We are well on track to certify 
all our manufacturing sites by the end of 2025.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Fostering carbon neutrality in our fleet

Our fleet of nearly 22,000 vehicles registered 
over 380 million kilometers driven in 2021. 
Most (80 percent) of our fleet vehicles are 
working tool vehicles, used primarily to visit 
point-of-sale locations and distribute our 
products, with the rest being benefit cars.

Following the development of our carbon neutrality 
strategy for our fleet in 2020 and the strengthening 
of our organizational capabilities with the setup of 
our fleet center of expertise, we instituted a new 
Global Vehicle Fleet policy early in 2021. This policy 
frames our fleet strategy and moves us to a more 
centralized operating model to help ensure that 
every PMI affiliate contributes to our global goal of 
becoming carbon neutral (scope 1+2) by 2025.

To reduce carbon emissions in our fleet, we 
invest in sustainable powertrains and effective 
driving to optimize energy consumption 
while improving operational efficiency.

During 2021, we selected more environmentally 
friendly powertrains such as hybrid and electric 
vehicles to guide the renewal of our fleet. We 
anticipate these new vehicles will emit 40 percent 
less carbon emissions than the models they 
replaced. Since rolling out our policy, more than 
40 percent of approved models are powered by 
sustainable alternatives; this includes all of the newly 
approved models in the major markets of Australia, 
Canada, Europe, and New Zealand. We will remain 
focused on retiring our most polluting cars subject 
to the availability of appropriate infrastructure, 
legislation, and technological innovation.

By the end of 2021, vehicles with sustainable 
powertrains (electric or hybrid) represented  
10 percent of our fleet globally (2020: 5 percent).

We leverage eco-training and telematics to improve 
driver behavior and further engage employees in 
our sustainability agenda. By the end of 2021, one-
third of company drivers were enrolled in the first 
year of our fleet safety e-learning program, which 
incorporates eco-driving modules. We expect all 
drivers to enroll by the end of 2023. Of the group 
offered this training, 70 percent participated in the 
course. We anticipate the participation rate will climb 
to 85 percent in 2022. Nearly half (47 percent) of our 
working tool cars are equipped with telematics—a 
technology that provides the driver and company 
with data on driving behaviors to improve road safety 
and decrease carbon emissions (2020: 35 percent). 

168

169

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

Reducing GHG emissions in our  
offices and warehouses

We have offices and warehouses in more than 
80 countries worldwide, most of which we lease 
rather than own. Together, they accounted for 
1 percent of our total carbon footprint in 2021.

During the year, we continued to gain visibility into 
energy use at those sites and prepared action plans 
to optimize energy consumption and promote the 
switch to renewable sources. We strengthened 
our capabilities to collect accurate environmental 
data for all our offices and warehouses, up from 
a third of them in 2020, extending accurate data 
collection to over 400 locations worldwide. 
And we continued to define minimum energy 
efficiency expectations for office equipment in the 
markets where we have initially targeted carbon 
neutrality. We plan to extend these expectations 
to additional markets by the end of 2022.

Overall, carbon emissions from our offices and 
warehouses decreased by 46 percent versus 
the 2019 baseline, continuing the positive trend 
from 2020. This is due, in part, to awareness 
campaigns, more accurate internal emissions 
reporting, and reduced office use due to 
COVID-19 restrictions and precautions.

Pricing carbon

Assigning a price—and hence a theoretical 
cost—to emissions makes the intangible tangible 
and further incentivizes action to reduce the 
emissions that contribute to global warming.

PMI reviewed its carbon pricing policy in 2020 
and took a pioneering approach by developing two 
complementary internal carbon pricing instruments: 
a shadow price of USD 65 per ton of CO2e and 
a carbon levy of USD 8 per ton of CO2e.

Our shadow carbon price is integrated into the 
preparation and financial evaluation of business 
proposals that will impact our carbon emissions. This 
was instrumental in helping justify the approval of 
eight carbon emission reduction projects in 2021.

While the shadow price helps prioritize the business 
case for investments in activities aimed at structurally 
reducing carbon emissions, our carbon levy helps 
determine the investments required to abate our 
emissions through offsetting or insetting initiatives. 
The levy is designed to internalize costs and support 
behavioral change by imposing a virtual internal tax 
on selected business units for their GHG emissions. 
This helps us determine a budget for a portfolio of 
climate investments dedicated to projects focused on 
nature-based solutions and community investments 
in markets relevant to PMI’s supply chain and to 
our global environmental strategy. These projects 
aim to generate high-quality carbon insets with 
co-benefits such as biodiversity protection, water 
stewardship, and livelihoods development.

We revise our shadow price and carbon levy annually 
to reflect changes in our risk and emissions profiles.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Setting up our Portfolio of Climate Investments

In 2021, we created a Portfolio of Climate Investments 
(PCI) to standardize and provide transparency on our 
approach to investments in offsets and insets. Such 
investments compensate for unavoidable carbon 
emissions related to our direct operations and are 
essential to achieving our 2025 carbon neutrality goal.

To ensure management’s endorsement and alignment 
with the mid-term strategy of the company, the PCI  
is supervised by an advisory committee composed of 
cross-functional PMI senior leaders (including our Chief 
Sustainability Officer and SVP, Operations, among 
others). The committee revises and validates the proposals 
prepared by the project team and approves the allocation 
of resources to the proposed climate solutions 
through an investment strategy that leverages the 
budget generated by PMI’s carbon levy scheme.

To support decarbonization efforts, PMI believes that 
limiting the use of market approaches (offsetting) in 
the short-term by prioritizing direct investment in our 
supply chain in the medium and long term (insetting) 
will result in a climate investment strategy that is 
cost-effective, transparent, consistent, and of high 
quality. We expect a higher annual budget in the first 
years of running the PCI, in line with PMI’s business 
emissions profile, to support investments in a long-
term climate solution. The financial requirements of 
PMI’s PCI are expected to decrease once medium- 
and long-term scope 1+2 carbon reduction 
investments become operational and generate 
emissions reductions or removals. 

We also anticipate a decrease in the levy budget as 
our emissions profile shrinks. Where additional funding 
will be required for specific investments (e.g., unlocking 
innovative climate solutions and R&D), the advisory 
committee that governs the PCI will decide on approval.

A set of mechanisms and rules—the PCI quality criteria—
allows PMI to efficiently evaluate which climate solutions 
are most appropriate to pursue. Core carbon principles 
and additional attributes strongly support the development 
of nature-based solutions in PMI’s supply chain that 
generate benefits beyond carbon reduction or removal, 
such as ecosystem conservation and enhancement and 
positive impacts on local communities. To assess whether 
an investment will meet our quality criteria and generate 
a positive impact, we employ an external due diligence 
process managed with a proprietary methodology 
developed with PMI’s carbon finance adviser Clarmondial. 
This methodology considers GHG mitigation, biodiversity 
conservation, and community benefits. Clarmondial also 
supported PMI in establishing relationships that can 
support the company’s long-term climate, community, 
and nature-related targets in priority countries.

In 2021, PMI’s PCI invested over USD 4 million in projects 
in Brazil, Laos, Malawi, Mozambique, and Uganda, with  
a focus on forest protection, reforestation, and the 
enhancement of quality of life through activities such as 
the provision of clean water access. Moreover, the PCI 
focused on securing high-quality offsets to support 
PMI’s decarbonization journey, and provided the 
required carbon offsets for the five manufacturing 
sites that achieved carbon neutrality certification 
during the calendar year.

Scaling deployment of carbon removal technologies  
will be key for PMI to achieve its 2040 net zero ambition

Carbon removal
The application of a set of 
technologies to sequester 
and store carbon from the 
atmosphere into  
a physical risk

Nature-based solutions (NBS)
Leverage our supply chain to 
trigger projects (e.g., regenerative 
agriculture in tobacco, improved 
forest management in pulp  
and paper)

Technology solutions
Produce innovative solutions  
for our manufacturing  
sites and portfolio of products  
(e.g., biochar from waste,  
carbon negative plastic).

170

171

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

Leading carbon reduction  
in our tobacco supply chain

Our tobacco supply chain represented around  
20 percent of our total carbon footprint in 2021, with 
emissions generated mainly by the use of fertilizers, 
the process of curing tobacco, and mechanization.

In line with PMI’s 2040 net zero ambition and 
our 2030 science-based target trajectory, we are 
committed to achieving an absolute reduction in 
carbon emissions in our tobacco supply chain of  
35 percent by 2025 and 50 percent by 2030 versus 
our 2019 baseline. To deliver on these targets, 
we continue deploying efforts to decarbonize 
the tobacco curing process while implementing 
additional reduction initiatives focused on 
the use of fertilizer and mechanization. 

Decarbonizing tobacco curing

We mainly source three types of tobacco: Virginia, 
Burley, and Oriental. While Burley and Oriental 
tobaccos, once harvested, are air- and sun-cured 
to dry out the leaves, Virginia tobacco (which 
represents close to half of our purchased volume 
and is sourced across 12 markets) is generally cured 
using an external heat source—a process called 
“flue-curing.” Curing barns can be heated with coal, 
diesel, natural gas, firewood, or biofuels containing 
agricultural or wood-sawing by-products.

The GHG emissions of flue-cured tobacco 
represented 4 percent of our total carbon footprint 
in 2021 and close to a quarter of the total GHG 
emissions generated in our tobacco supply chain.

Having achieved a 77 percent reduction in GHG 
emissions per kilogram of flue-cured tobacco 
between 2010 and 2020, we are now committed to a 
further 75 percent reduction in emissions generated 
by curing one kilogram of flue-cured tobacco 
by 2025 (versus our 2019 baseline). To deliver 
on this ambitious target, we focus on improving 
curing-barn efficiency and increasing the use of 
renewable fuels. We made good progress in 2021, 
achieving a 64 percent reduction in emissions per 
kilogram of tobacco from flue-curing versus 2019.

In 2021, an external partner audited our suppliers, 
mostly remotely due to COVID-19 restrictions 
on travel and partially on-site where conditions 
allowed. These audits covered all flue-cured 
origins to verify carbon reduction activities and 
data on fuel use per kilogram of tobacco cured. 

Improving curing barn efficiency

As most farmers own their curing barns, we 
collaborate with them and our suppliers to provide 
guidance and support to make the barns more 
thermal-efficient. We support improvement 
projects, which typically aim to enhance combustion 
efficiency, ventilation, heating control, and insulation. 
In 2021, the improvement projects we carried out 
increased the efficiency of 11,181 barns—adding 
to a cumulative total of around 94,000 barns 
upgraded since 2014 across 13 countries.

In parallel, we continued to deliver training to 
farmers through our suppliers on fuel efficiency, 
barn maintenance, and fuel sustainability.

Increasing the use of renewable fuels

To reduce GHG emissions, we are gradually phasing 
out fossil fuels such as coal and diesel in favor of 
renewable fuels, including sustainable firewood and 
biomass. Our Monitoring, Verification, and Reporting 
Framework for Sustainable Leaf Curing Fuels (MVR) 
allows us to systematically monitor the sustainability 
of all fuel types used in our tobacco supply chain.

In 2021, we exceeded our target of having  
70 percent of our purchased flue-cured tobacco 
cured with renewables, achieving 75 percent.

Progress was driven primarily by our work to ensure 
that the firewood and other wood-based materials 
used to cure the tobacco we purchase do not 
contribute to the deforestation of natural primary 
forests. Our MVR enables us to assess the risk of 
deforestation represented by different wood fuels, 
collect sourcing information on the wood fuels 
farmers use to cure tobacco, and cross-check that 
those sources have forest management plans in place 
highlighting the traceability of the forest products 
and the application of sustainable forestry practices. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We are working on providing guidance for selecting 
fertilizer providers taking into consideration their 
manufacturing emissions. We are also exploring 
innovative technologies that could curb field 
emissions from nitrogen-based fertilizers. In particular, 
we will test the impact of improved irrigation 
techniques on nitrogen volatilization and evaluate 
the difference in emissions that small changes in 
timing of application of the fertilizer can trigger. 
Additionally, we seek to optimize the use of fertilizer. 
This requires us to better manage the portion of 
applied fertilizers that is not taken up by the crop 
and therefore causes nitrogen volatilization.

In 2021, 100 percent of the tobacco we purchased 
was cured with no risk of deforestation of primary 
or protected forests. Read more about our forestry 
management ambitions and progress here.

Another driver of progress is our continued focus on 
the phase-out of coal via the conversion of curing 
infrastructures to enable the switch to renewable 
fuels. In 2021, 3 percent of the flue-cured tobacco we 
purchased was cured with coal (down from  
11 percent in 2020); all of it originated from 
the Yunnan and Guizhou provinces of China. 
In those regions, we continued to support the 
multistakeholder initiative, led by the China National 
Tobacco Corporation, to convert curing barns from 
coal to biomass and create a fuel pellets supply 
chain produced from agricultural waste. Local 
communities are playing a vital role in the project, 
having created a network of pelletizing plants 
sufficient to provide enough bioenergy to support 
both the tobacco supply chain and the needs of local 
infrastructure such as public buildings. In 2021, 85 
percent of the tobacco we purchased from China 
was cured with biomass, up from 49 percent in 
2020. We remain committed to eliminating coal 
from our curing fuel portfolio by the end of 2023.

Reducing GHG emissions from fertilizers

In 2021, emissions related to the use of 
fertilizers in tobacco production contributed to 
8.5 percent of PMI’s total carbon footprint.

Nitrogen-based fertilizers are essential in commercial 
agriculture to assist farmers in achieving appropriate 
yields. Continuous decrease of fertilizer application 
is challenging, therefore we are addressing fertilizer 
emissions from different angles. The drivers that 
will help support emission reductions globally 
include the preference in volume allocation to 
markets using fertilizers more efficiently, the 
increase in input-output efficiency, and the gradual 
decrease in our overall tobacco demand.

172

173

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

Insetting in our tobacco supply chain to 
compensate our direct emissions

We want to promote insetting by implementing 
nature-based solutions in our tobacco supply 
chain. This allows us to compensate for 
unavoidable emissions generated by our direct 
operations while also advancing the well-being 
and socioeconomic development of tobacco-
farming communities and creating co-benefits 
such as more resilient ecosystems and improved 
safe water access for our farming communities.

In 2021, using the two sets of quality criteria 
defined by the PCI for project selection—the eight 
core principles and the five PMI-specific additional 
attributes—we identified an insetting project for 
our supply chain in Mozambique. We worked with 
our tobacco supplier and a global carbon project 
developer with a presence in the country to 
strengthen our feasibility study and understand the 
needs of rural communities linked to our tobacco 
sourcing in more detail. We assessed the improvement 
interventions (including the distribution of cook stoves 
and the drilling of boreholes) in the supply chain 
against the potential for carbon insetting generation. 

In designing activities, we prioritized co-benefits such 
as the creation of safe drinking water access points 
in line with our WASH approach and the contextual 
protection of natural forests that are providing 
ecosystem services to the rural communities 
included in the project feasibility phase. We expect 
implementation of the project to begin in 2022.

A second project is under assessment in Argentina, 
where our farmers in the regions of Jujuy and Salta 
rely partially on firewood to cure Virginia tobacco. 
Leveraging the multi functionality of natural 
managed forest and the concept of ecosystem 
corridors, we conducted a preliminary assessment 
based on the provision of multiple services linked 
to forest restoration. To ensure the resiliency 
of the forestry landscape in a context where 
ecosystem services are not monetized, we have 
targeted value generation. We have focused on the 
projected production of sustainable firewood in line 
with our MVR requirements and the generation 
of biodiversity and water benefits while testing 
an impact assessment model that can provide a 
dollar figure for the improvements achieved at 
the ecosystem level. This approach is in line with 
the holistic view of the natural managed forest 
we aim to pursue in our forest restoration.

Climate justice in global supply chains

Sustainability issues do not occur in a vacuum (read more here). 
Building on our 10-year experience of developing and implementing 
programs, especially in our agriculture supply chain, we have witnessed 
how climate change exacerbates human rights issues including social 
inequalities and disproportionately affects the most vulnerable. 
The climate crisis concretely impacts human migration, access to 
water, global health, agriculture productivity, and food security, 
among many other issues affecting our collective livelihood. 

In 2021, we tasked Article One, our human rights advisers, 
with preparing a briefing paper to allow us to better 
understand how climate change and human rights impacts 
intersect. Understanding those synergies is an essential 
step in developing coherent and inclusive strategies. 

Briefing paper

CLIMATE JUSTICE   
IN GLOBAL   
SUPPLY CHAINS

A perspective for the private sector

October 2021

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Joining forces with our suppliers 
to achieve net zero

With a significant portion of our GHG 
emissions arising from our non-tobacco 
supply chain, engaging with our suppliers to 
contribute to their transition toward a net zero 
economy is at the heart of our approach.

Beyond tobacco, the materials and services we 
purchased in 2021 generated around 54 percent 
of our company’s total carbon footprint. Our most 
carbon-intensive supplies (representing 40 percent 
of our non-tobacco supply chain emissions in 2021) 
are the direct materials used in the manufacturing 
of our products, such as cellulose acetate tow, pulp 
and paper, and our smoke-free electronic devices.

We know it will take time to work with our suppliers 
to identify and implement appropriate carbon 
emissions reduction initiatives. As a first step, in 
the past couple of years, we focused on intensive 
engagement with key suppliers of direct materials. This 
work allowed us to collect primary carbon data and 
understand our suppliers’ GHG emission reduction 
programs and targets. In 2021, we witnessed among 
our suppliers a heightened understanding of their 
climate impacts, in particular with regard to their 
supply chains’ emissions. We attribute this to the 
efforts we initiated in 2020 coupled with growing 
societal expectations around climate change. Our 
engagement efforts have allowed us to develop 
a roadmap for carbon reduction to 2025.

Another way the direct materials used in our 
products can negatively impact our carbon footprint 
is through association with commodity-driven 
deforestation. We aim to lead the shift toward 
a more environmentally sustainable pulp-based 
materials sector by following the tenets of our 
Zero Deforestation Manifesto. Read more about 
our commitments and progress in 2021 here.

Our decision to accelerate our ambition to 
achieve net zero emissions along our value chain 
by 10 years—moving our target from 2050 to 
2040—means we must double our efforts to 
encourage and support our suppliers in reducing 
their emissions. With this in mind, we announced 
a new target in 2021 for all our critical suppliers 
to adopt science-based targets aligned with the 
1.5-degree pathway. Since 2019, we have piloted 
this engagement with two electronic suppliers in 
close collaboration with CDP China, resulting in 
their targets being recently approved by the SBTi.

Overall, in 2021, emissions from our non-tobacco 
supply chain decreased by 12 percent versus our 
2019 baseline. In recognition of our actions and 
strategies to reduce emissions and lower climate-
related risks in our supply chain, CDP placed 
PMI on its Supplier Engagement Leaderboard 
in 2021 for the fifth consecutive year.

174

175

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Looking ahead

e
g
n
a
h
c
e
t
a
m

l

i
l
c
e
k
c
a
T

We are proud of the level of sophistication and ambition achieved to date by 
our climate strategy and by the capabilities of our organization in this field, and 
aim to remain at the forefront of the climate neutral agenda. Conditions today 
are uniquely favorable to accelerate decarbonization actions and projects, to 
reduce our overall carbon footprint and to increase our supply chain resilience by 
managing climate-related risks proactively and seizing increasing opportunities 
in the low-carbon economy. To achieve this, we believe in the power of strong 
ambitions, bold strategies, and investments in innovative technologies. 

To bolster our efforts and create a sound governance context internally, 
we also plan to revise our shadow price and carbon levy in 2022 in 
order to better reflect the changes in risk and emission profiles. 

We are highly committed to playing our role in the decarbonization of our 
society through actions guided by our science-based targets. We will continue 
to research and develop innovative solutions, explore new technologies, invest 
with impact to foster more and better innovation, and inspire all our people 
and our business partners to join us in this journey. Our learnings will be 
theirs to build upon, to drive a successful low-carbon transition, together. 

Massimo Andolina, Senior Vice President, Operations

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

In 2022, we plan to reassess climate change-
related risks and opportunities in line with 
a 1.5 degrees Celsius scenario and the 
recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosures, updating the 
assessment we conducted in 2018–2019.

We will also intensify our investment in developing 
tailored projects as part of the PCI strategy, in 
line with our expectation to trigger value on the 
ground by running carbon projects directly with 
partners in our supply chain. Through the PCI 
technological removal strategy initiative, we will 
explore the carbon tech space by investigating 
emerging solutions that could bring innovation 
and market access to carbon direct removal. 
Technological removals will be further expanded 
in our tobacco supply chain, where we aim to 
finalize the assessment of the potential and 
feasibility of biochar-based carbon sequestration 
within selected farming communities.

In our factories, we will continue to implement 
energy efficiency initiatives and increase the 
share of renewables in our energy mix. We plan 
to certify additional manufacturing sites as carbon 
neutral by the end of 2022. Building on results 
to date, we will continue to deploy digital and 
artificial intelligence solutions in our manufacturing 
sites to deliver additional carbon savings.

In our tobacco supply chain, we aim to 
further reduce emissions through continuous 
improvements in tobacco flue-curing (through 
efficiency efforts and further adoption of 
renewable fuels) and additional initiatives related 
to fertilizers and mechanization to increase crop 
productivity and consequently reduce emissions 
intensity. We will monitor the implementation 
of our insetting projects and explore other 
opportunities to deploy high-quality nature-based 
solutions in other tobacco-growing geographies.

During the year, we will refine our approach to 
helping critical suppliers set science-based targets.

To further deploy fleet carbon neutrality 
programs, we plan to continue focusing on 
eco-driving behaviors through telematics and 
awareness campaigns and training. In 2022, we 
will continue to renew our fleet, accelerating the 
switch from internal combustion engines to more 
environmentally friendly powertrains such as 
hybrid and electric vehicles. We will also continue 
our efforts to minimize the carbon footprint 
of our offices and warehouses, and we expect 
to certify our first carbon neutral markets.

In parallel, we will continue driving 
carbon reduction through diligent 
eco-design of our products. 

Claudia Berardi, Director, Environmental Sustainability,  
PMI Operations

176

177

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
O P E R A T I O N A L   I M P A C T

Preserve nature

Natural capital is a wealth we all share and depend on. It is essential 
that we protect, sustainably manage, and nurture it. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The right thing to do

The business case

We collectively depend on soil, land, forests, and water, 
which provide resources and services critical to human 
existence. Moreover, a healthy natural ecosystem plays a 
vital role in tackling climate change, with land and oceans 
absorbing and storing carbon from the atmosphere. 
Yet biological richness and natural resources are 
being lost at an alarming rate. Global scientific studies 
indicate that one million plant and animal species face 
extinction, thousands of species are already extinct, 
and several million hectares of natural forest are lost 
each year despite international efforts to counter the 
trend. The unsustainable use of natural resources can 
lead to soil loss and erosion, diminished landscape and 
recreational value, and a subsequent loss of economic 
value. Often, it is the world’s most impoverished 
communities that are most vulnerable to the negative 
impacts of changes in climate, biodiversity, and 
ecosystem function. Protecting forests and regenerating 
ecosystems can help prevent the worst impacts of 
extreme climate events and improve livelihoods.

Our business activities rely on healthy ecosystems. 
The degradation and loss of natural capital can cause 
disruptions and increase production costs. The raw 
materials used in our products rely on fertile soil, 
stable climate conditions, and access to water. In 
our agricultural supply chain especially, even small 
changes in the balance of ecosystems can lower crop 
productivity, increase production costs linked to 
remediation and adaptation measures, and negatively 
impact farmers’ livelihoods. Promoting the efficient 
use of natural resources and taking steps to protect, 
preserve, and improve them help manage risks and 
prepare us to meet regulatory frameworks that 
may emerge in response to increased awareness 
of our limited environmental resources, ecosystem 
degradation, and biodiversity loss. Further, we 
understand that we all have a responsibility to halt the 
destruction of natural habitats and are committed to 
playing our part in helping address this global issue. 

O U R   A S P I R A T I O N S

SI

Sustainability Index

C O N T E N T S

180  Our management approach

Progress in 2021

181  Halting deforestation

185  Managing water responsibly

189  Reducing waste

191  Preserving natural ecosystems

193  Looking ahead

Maintain

2022

2025

Zero

gross deforestation of primary 
and protected forests associated 
with our tobacco supply chain

Zero

virtually zero production waste  
to landfills

Zero

virtually zero waste to landfill

100%

of tobacco purchased without detection of residues 
attributable to the use of highly hazardous pesticides

>70%

of flue-cured tobacco purchased cured with renewable 
fuel sources (self-sufficient firewood or biomass)

3.1

water ratio in our manufacturing facilities (water withdrawn 
in cubic meters per million cigarettes equivalent)

Zero

SI

net deforestation of managed 
natural forest and no conversion 
of natural ecosystems in 
our tobacco supply chain

Net positive

impact on forests associated 
with our tobacco supply chain 

Zero

gross deforestation of primary 
and protected forest associated 
with our supply of paper 
and pulp-based materials

100%

of our tobacco-growing 
areas covered by local 
water risk assessments 
(cumulative since 2018)

100%

of our manufacturing facilities 
certified to the Alliance for Water 
Stewardship (AWS) standard

2030

10

Zero

At least 10 million cubic meters of water optimized in 
our tobacco-growing areas (cumulative since 2019)

net deforestation of managed natural forest 
and no conversion of natural ecosystems in the 
paper and pulp-based products supply chain

Water and biodiversity: During 2022 we will develop and introduce new KPIs and related aspirations for these two topics.

178

179

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Our management approach

Progress in 2021

e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We are committed to the responsible and sustainable 
management of natural resources. We understand 
that forestry management, biodiversity protection, 
water stewardship, and waste reduction are deeply 
intertwined. Moreover, robust ecosystems capture 
and store carbon from the atmosphere, thus playing a 
key role—alongside efforts to reduce GHG emissions 
from man-made activities—in combating climate 
change. We seek to account for those synergies and 
consider our impacts holistically when designing and 
deploying our nature-related strategies and programs.

We have set targets and initiatives tied to various 
aspects of natural capital, with a particular focus 
on the highest-risk segments of our value chain.

With regard to forestry management in our tobacco 
supply chain, having achieved zero gross deforestation 
of primary and protected forests in 2020, we are 
now raising the bar and are committed to achieving 
zero net deforestation of managed natural forests 
and to having a net positive impact on forests 
by 2025. In our paper and pulp-based materials 
supply chain, we target zero gross deforestation of 
primary and protected forests by 2025 and zero 
net deforestation of managed natural forest and 
no conversion of natural ecosystems by 2030.

Simultaneously, we are focused on improving water 
efficiency and protecting the quality of the water 
returned to the environment from our factories. 
We are on track to have all our manufacturing sites 
certified to the Alliance for Water Stewardship 
(AWS) standard by 2025. Mindful that a significant 
portion of our water footprint comes from our 
agricultural supply chain, we have set the ambition 
to optimize at least 10 million cubic meters of 
water in our tobacco-growing areas by 2030.

In a world with finite resources, we also aim to reduce 
the waste we generate, promote its recycling, and 
responsibly dispose of it. Our short-term target is to 
achieve virtually zero waste to landfill across all our 
manufacturing sites by the end of 2022—meaning 
a landfill diversion rate of 99 percent or greater.

Several corporate policies guide our approach, 
including our Environmental Commitment, 
Responsible Sourcing Principles, Good 
Agricultural Practices, Zero Deforestation 
Manifesto, and Water Stewardship Policy. 

We routinely conduct global and local risk 
assessments to evaluate our impacts on forests, 
biodiversity, and water, and we prioritize 
and adjust our actions accordingly. 

Our efforts to protect natural capital are overseen 
by our Senior Vice President, Operations, a member 
of our Company Management. Our Operations 
team is responsible for developing and implementing 
strategies to achieve our ambitions related to 
forests, biodiversity, water, and waste. Progress on 
the ground is delivered through close collaboration 
with our stakeholders, particularly our suppliers. 

Protecting nature is a collective responsibility requiring 
both global ambitions and interventions tailored to 
local contexts. We collaborate with and participate 
in several platforms and organizations, such as the 
World Business Council for Sustainable Development 
(WBCSD), the Taskforce on Nature-related Financial 
Disclosures (TNFD), CSR Europe, the International 
Union for Conservation of Nature’s SwissBiz4Nature, 
and the Alliance for Water Stewardship. 

Where we operate, we consider the 
surrounding ecosystems with the goal 
of minimizing our negative impact. 

In addition to recognizing our leadership in 
environmental transparency and decarbonizing our 
value chain, CDP has acknowledged our efforts 
to preserve nature, awarding us an A rating for 
our work advancing water security and forest 
protection in 2021. The organization also placed 
us on its Supplier Engagement Leaderboard 
in 2021 for the fifth consecutive year. 

Halting deforestation

When managed appropriately, forests provide 
a sustainable source of raw materials—some of 
which we use in our products and operations—as 
well as essential services to local communities. 

We are committed to achieving a deforestation-free 
supply chain for our tobacco and paper and pulp-
based materials. These supply chains represent the 
vast majority of PMI’s total land use and provide the 
materials most often linked to the risk of deforestation 
and the conversion of natural ecosystems. 

In early 2021, we reinforced this commitment by 
issuing our revised Zero Deforestation Manifesto 
(ZDM), further aligning it to the Accountability 
Framework Initiative guidelines and definitions. 
This will improve transparency and allow us to 
benchmark the commitments we have set. The 
ZDM governs our forestry management efforts 
and is designed to move us toward becoming forest 
positive. With it, we reinforced our commitment to 
protect and measure our impact on forests linked 
to PMI’s supply chain. The manifesto establishes 
the importance of covering both natural forests 
(i.e., primary and protected forest areas) and natural 
managed forests (i.e., naturally occurring production 
forests) in our framework of action and specifies 
criteria for on-the-ground interventions needed 
for us to meet our 2025 and 2030 targets. 

Protecting forests in our tobacco supply chain

We are committed to working with our tobacco 
suppliers and farmers to foster and implement 
sustainable agriculture practices that protect 
natural capital and enhance livelihoods. In 2021, an 
external audit of renewable curing fuels carried out 
in our tobacco flue-cured supply chain confirmed 
that none of our suppliers poses a risk to primary 
or protected forests—i.e., that 100 percent of our 
flue-cured tobacco is purchased at zero risk of 
gross deforestation. We are working to align natural 
managed forests with our zero net deforestation 
requirements, including by establishing traceability 
to the point of harvest and documenting our 
sustainable forestry practices. In 2021, 37 percent 
of our purchased tobacco was externally verified 
as compliant with the ZDM’s net zero criteria. 

Assessing deforestation risks in 
our tobacco supply chain
Since 2020, we have used geospatial analysis 
performed with Global Forest Watch (GFW) to 
digitally map forests in our tobacco-growing areas. 
We have added in-depth assessments with primary 
input data from satellite imagery coming from 
Sentinel 2 and European Space Agency (ESA) land 
cover maps. For the granular analysis of attributes 
beyond the scope of GFW, we have partnered 
with Remote Sensing Solutions, a Germany-based 
specialist organization that uses remote sensing to 
offer solutions in land use classifications and land use 
changes at a minimum mapping unit of 0.2 hectares. 
Our spatial assessments cover all tobacco types 
and all suppliers from which we source across over 
40 tobacco-growing areas in 21 countries. We use 
geographic information system data to pinpoint the 
farming areas where the tobacco we purchase is 
grown and then apply a 15-kilometer buffer to each 
site to account for the potential impact of indirect 
land use change outside the tobacco cultivation areas. 
We call this extended zone the tobacco-growing area 
(TGA). Globally, we monitor deforestation risk on 
around 57 million hectares of land (a surface roughly 
equivalent to the size of France). This allows us to 
focus our on-site audits and activities on those areas 
where potential risks of deforestation are detected. 

180

181

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

Our approach so far has been intentionally broad, 
to ensure sound due diligence. Based on learnings 
gathered to date and our growing ability to more 
precisely monitor and analyze data, we intend 
to localize the specific impact drivers for each 
tobacco-growing area on our mapping, restricting 
our measurement to the area where those impacts 
actually take place. This means we will become more 
targeted in our analysis and, consequently, we foresee 
a decrease in the total area we will monitor for 
deforestation and natural habitat loss in future years.

Our 2021 annual risk assessment showed a continued 
need to prioritize the use of sustainable firewood 
to cure Virginia tobacco and switch to sustainable 
sources of timber to build barns for the air-curing 
of Burley tobacco in Malawi and Mozambique.

Beyond this, our 2021 evaluation highlighted 
potential deforestation risks related to crop 
diversification in Misiones Province in Argentina, 
where our granular assessment detected mosaic 
land use change around the farming area. 

Further, our data revealed the need to account for 
the specificities of the wood supply chain in Pakistan, 
where most tobacco farmers source firewood in 
woodlots outside the parameters of our typical 
15-kilometer buffer. The forest districts we monitor 
in northern Pakistan include dry terrain with sparse 
vegetation cover, making satellite observation 
extremely difficult and prone to error. We invested 
in detailed analysis to precisely determine the forest 
types within our supply chain (natural protected, 
natural managed, planted, non-forest vegetation) 
to cross-check our internal monitoring and external 
audit results. This revealed that the outcomes of 
our 2019–2021 land cover satellite assessment 
were largely in sync with the figures reported for 
the farmers in our monitoring system, thereby 
confirming the compliance of the renewable curing 
fuel program we implemented in Pakistan with 
our forest protection criteria and requirements.

Example of land use analysis: Monitoring potential deforestation risks in Pakistan

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

In 2021, we fully embedded the updated 
requirements and ambitions of our Zero Deforestation 
Manifesto in our MVR, and we communicated these 
updates to our tobacco leaf suppliers through a set of 
tailored guidelines. We use our MVR to systematically 
monitor the sustainability of all fuel types used in our 
tobacco supply chain, which includes a requirement 
to maintain a full chain of custody for the firewood 
used in the curing process. Data gathered through 
our MVR are verified by a third party. In 2021, 
all suppliers of flue-cured tobacco were audited, 
either with a desktop or on-site audit, across the 
countries where we source this type of tobacco.

Our efforts have delivered significant progress: In 
2021, 75 percent of the flue-cured tobacco we 
purchased was cured using renewable and traceable 
fuels (2020: 67 percent). Further, between 2015 and 
2021, across our global tobacco supply chain, the 
average amount of wood used for curing decreased 
from 5.7 kilograms to 3.9 kilograms per kilogram 
of cured tobacco, a reduction of 32 percent. 

Building live barns for tobacco curing 
in Malawi and Mozambique
The Burley tobacco we purchase from Malawi and 
Mozambique is air-cured in barns made of timber, 
which needs to be replaced regularly, placing 
forests at risk. To reduce this risk, we promote 
the use of “live barns,” which use living trees as 
curing poles and remain in place for many years.

During 2021, we partnered with our suppliers 
to plant approximately 6,000 live barns in 
Mozambique and 12,000 in Malawi, reaching 
a cumulative total of around 94,000 live barns 
planted in both countries since 2014. From seedling 
to live barn, collaboration with our suppliers, 
farmers, and field technicians is fundamental to 
ensuring high rates of tree survival and growth.

Land use change

We estimate that approximately 221,000 hectares 
of land are used to grow the tobacco we source. The 
surface forest areas that produce wood for biomass 
and curing fuel represent, by our best estimate, 
more than 41,000 additional hectares. Both land 
use figures increased in 2021. This increase is due to 
changes in our tobacco volumes linked to our sourcing 
strategy and the expansion of forest areas used for 
curing fuels, including the increase in biomass use 
in China in substitution to coal (read more here).

Risks associated with land use change resulting from 
tobacco farming are not considered significant. The 
use of more-productive tobacco seed varieties and 
the implementation of practices in line with PMI’s 
Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) principles and 
standards help maximize yield per hectare, improve 
farmer income, and thus reduce pressure to expand 
crops into surrounding forests. In light of these trends 
and the global contraction of the amount of land 
needed to fulfill our crop requirements, our analysis 
shows no direct deforestation risk associated with our 
tobacco sourcing. A 2019 land use change study by 
Quantis confirmed this, and our analysis of farming 
areas is consistent with the figures on land use change 
we calculate annually for our tobacco-growing areas, 
including forest and natural ecosystems such as 
peatland, wetland, savanna, and native grassland. 

Promoting the switch to sustainable 
fuels to cure Virginia tobacco
The curing process for Virginia tobacco takes place 
in barns heated by a variety of fuel sources, including 
firewood and woody biomass (pellets, woodchips). To 
mitigate the risk of firewood collection contributing 
to deforestation, we are increasing the efficiency 
of curing barns to minimize the use of fuel. We are 
also deploying our Monitoring, Verification, and 
Reporting (MVR) Framework for Sustainable Curing 
Fuels across our entire flue-cured supply chain; the 
framework requires the traceability of firewood to 
ensure it originates from sustainable sources. And 
we encourage the use of agriculture-derived fuels 
where they do not compete with food production or 
negatively affect food security. For these reasons, the 
agrofuels used are primarily by-products of upstream 
food processing, such as olive pits and fruit stones 
in Spain and Italy and mulberry prunings in China.

Land use analysis of the area identified as the firewood sourcing origin area for PMI’s flue-cured tobacco in Pakistan (source RSS).

182

183

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

Enhancing natural capital through 
reforestation and afforestation
As part of our efforts to halt deforestation and 
enhance natural habitats, we aim to restore 
hundreds of hectares of forest by 2025.

We require that our suppliers and farmers be 
self-sufficient in supplying wood for curing and 
construction. By 2025, we aim for them to grow 
more trees than they cut. We will also work with 
them on forest restoration, biodiversity, and 
natural habitats, prioritizing ecologically valuable 
and sensitive land such as key biodiversity areas.

Tree growing requires careful management and is 
limited to marginal lands where the carbon stock 
and existing biodiversity assets, including soil, 
can be enhanced. Since 2019, we have restored 
165 hectares of forest to compensate for the 
unsustainable sourcing of firewood used for curing 
tobacco leaf. Additionally, aligned with the criteria 
of our forest positive program in our tobacco 
leaf supply chain we reported 190 hectares of 
additional forest established since 2019. In our 
forest positive methodology, we account for 
contributions only if two criteria are fulfilled by the 
market that declares additional forest hectares:

1.  Zero gross deforestation conditions 

achieved and maintained

2.  Zero net deforestation conditions achieved at 

end state (closing of the year), and additional 
forest hectarage considered only after 
compensation for eventual deforestation risk

Our MVR external auditor must validate the 
assumptions behind compensation activities 
submitted by our suppliers before PMI can consider 
the figures in its forest positive accounting.

Protecting forests in our paper and  
pulp-based materials supply chain

Assessing deforestation risks in our paper 
and pulp-based materials supply chain
For our paper and pulp-based products, we designed 
a risk assessment in 2021 that embeds the criteria 
of the National Risk Assessment (NRA) of the Forest 
Stewardship Council (FSC). We selected 17 criteria 
relevant to our paper and pulp-based supply chain 
and applied them to the list of countries from which 
we source. This allowed us to identify the following 
origin countries as at high risk of failing to meet our 
zero gross deforestation target: Argentina, Bosnia 
and Herzegovina, Brazil, Indonesia, Russia, Serbia, 
and Thailand. We plan to establish an assurance 
system covering all the countries that are part of 
our paper and pulp supply chain and will place 
particular focus on the high-risk origins (where we 
will deploy on-the-ground audits, as needed).

We intend to leverage satellite monitoring 
moving forward, replicating the operating model 
in place in our tobacco supply chain, to analyze 
deforestation risk in the areas where our paper 
and pulp-based product suppliers operate. 
Working with an external party to implement 
our zero-deforestation assurance framework, 
we will leverage tools such as a complementary 
risk assessment based on forestry news feeds.

Operationalizing our Zero Deforestation Manifesto
In our paper and pulp-based materials supply 
chain, we concentrated our efforts in 2021 on 
communicating our updated Zero Deforestation 
Manifesto to the suppliers of direct materials 
used in our products and device packaging. 
We engaged intensively with them, providing 
detailed implementation guidelines and hosting 
workshops and one-to-one training.

By year-end, these suppliers had all committed to 
help achieve our 2025 and 2030 targets and agreed 
to undergo a compliance assessment in 2022. We 
will replicate these efforts among our suppliers of 
secondary paper and pulp-based products in 2022; 
these include, for instance, suppliers of shipping cases, 
marketing materials, and bundle closing and inserts.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Managing water responsibly

From tobacco cultivation to manufacturing, 
our products require water. Our agricultural 
supply chain accounts for around half of our 
water footprint. The second-largest share of 
our water use (around 40 percent) derives from 
other sectors of our supply chain—in particular, 
the processes by which the filters, paper, and 
packaging materials we source are manufactured. 
Our direct operations are not particularly water-
intensive, representing around 5 percent of 
our water footprint, with fresh water used for 
manufacturing, sanitation, and other processes.

Water is a renewable yet finite resource shared 
by all. We can help combat water scarcity and 
advance global health and food security by 
responsibly managing our impacts on water, 
especially in water-stressed regions.

Water stewardship in our tobacco supply chain

The quantity, quality, and timing of water availability 
all impact the growth of tobacco plants. For about 
60 percent of the farmland in our supply chain, 
the growing season is synced to the rain season, 
enabling crops to be rain-fed during the open field 
stage. Where we use irrigation, we are mindful of 
the risk of baseline water stress when conducting 
local risk assessments. Overall, irrigation accounts for 
around half the water used to grow the tobacco we 
source, with an average of 339 cubic meters used 
for irrigation per ton of tobacco produced in 2021.

Since we started measuring it in 2018, the total 
water requirement related to our purchased tobacco 
volume has gradually decreased in absolute terms; 
however, our supply chain is subject to off-trend 
years. We experienced such a year in 2021, when the 
effects of climate change-driven events caused our 
water consumption to increase. The leading cause of 
unforeseen water use is seasonal variability, where 
temperature and air moisture conditions vary outside 
temporal series standard values, causing soil water 
stress conditions that can be mitigated by increasing 
irrigation volumes. We expect irrigation needs to 
increase in terms of intensity (i.e., water required per ton 
of tobacco produced) as we are recording a continuous 
increase in risk factors linked to seasonal variability 
in the tobacco-growing areas where we operate.

Assessing water risks
Evaluating and understanding water risk across our 
tobacco supply chain is critical to making informed 
decisions and effectively managing water resources.

We conduct a global water risk assessment annually 
in our tobacco supply chain using the World 
Resources Institute’s Aqueduct risk-mapping tool. 
The tool analyzes physical water risks in all the 
tobacco-growing areas from which we source 
and forecasts patterns regarding the watershed 
scale that is likely to emerge in coming years.

Risks such as floods, upstream land use, and 
baseline water stress influence water availability 
for agriculture and community use and can also 
impact our tobacco farmers. Therefore, our global 
assessments take into account a wider hydrologic 
region than that devoted to tobacco cultivation. 

Impact of climate change on water

Climate change is expected to affect rainfall patterns worldwide, placing pressure on water supplies 
and potentially restricting water availability for agriculture and certain industry sectors. Given the 
global reach of PMI’s value chain, climate change-driven water scarcity could present a substantive 
threat to our business objectives in the mid to long term. Consequently, properly managing lands and 
water resources is a priority for PMI as we seek to increase the resilience of our production systems 
and minimize operational risks. We conduct a global water risk assessment annually in tobacco-growing 
regions to identify potential hotspots for physical water risks that require adaptation measures. In the 
past two years, we strengthened our water stewardship strategy, developing guidance for applying a 
landscape approach to water optimization projects, protecting natural resources and recharge areas, 
and improving the efficiency of irrigation systems to integrate better farm water management.

184

185

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

In 2021, we improved our methodology to assess 
water risks, taking into account the size of each 
tobacco-growing area, instead of single geographic 
locations. Accordingly, our 2021 assessment revealed 
that most tobacco-growing areas (79 percent) showed 
a “medium to high,” “high,” or “extremely high” level of 
physical risk (including 32 percent identified as “high” 
or “extremely high”). This assessment accounts for 
overall watershed risk, including but not limited to 
drought, upstream land use, and baseline water stress.

To complement our global exercise, we routinely 
conduct local water assessments, which leverage 
primary data sources and interviews with stakeholders 
to gauge both external and internal water risk on 
the ground. The external criteria assessment looks 
at the drivers of risk at the watershed level that are 
affecting all stakeholders, while the internal criteria 
focus on tobacco farming, forecasting risk sensitivity 
for farmers in our supply chain. Since 2018, we 
have completed 31 local water risk assessments 
(representing approximately two-thirds of our 
total tobacco-growing areas), and we aim to cover 
all tobacco-growing areas by the end of 2025. In 
2021, we conducted on-the-ground water risk 
assessments in Argentina, Brazil, the Philippines, 
and Turkey. These assessments helped identify the 
shared water challenges that are a necessary starting 
point for properly designed risk mitigation initiatives. 
A frequent challenge recorded in our 2021 local 
risk assessments is competing demands for limited 
water supplies. For instance, in the Fırat-Dicle Basin 
in Turkey, we see competition for water resources 
between agriculture and manufacturing industries. 
Other challenges identified include the awareness 
of farmers of water-related issues in the Alto Iguaçu 
watershed in Brazil and groundwater decline leading 
to dry wells in the Bicol River Basin in the Philippines.

In 2022, we will further assess challenges at 
the watershed level, involving community 
stakeholders as warranted to mitigate risks.

31

local water risk assessments completed in 
our tobacco supply chain since 2018

Optimizing water
As defined by the Alliance for Water Stewardship, 
a shared water challenge is a water-related issue, 
concern, or threat shared by the site and one or more 
stakeholders within the catchment(s). Drawing on our 
experience and the findings of our risk assessments, 
we aim to go beyond water management toward water 
stewardship to tackle shared watershed challenges, 
leveraging a science-based approach to improve water 
conditions for beneficiaries across each watershed. 

We have set a target of optimizing at least 10 million 
cubic meters of water (cumulative since 2019) in our 
tobacco-growing areas by 2030 through dedicated 
projects that address shared water challenges in 
the watersheds where we operate. To achieve this 
goal, we plan to generate volumetric water benefits 
through farm- and landscape-level interventions, 
leveraging our on-the-ground presence in collaboration 
with our suppliers and local stakeholders. 

In 2021, we partnered with the experts of Bluerisk 
and Valuing Impact to apply the World Resource 
Institute’s volumetric water benefit accounting 
(VWBA) methodology to our tobacco supply chain. 
This allowed us to better understand the potential 
impacts of water retention interventions, whether 
positive (e.g., carbon sequestration due to increased 
soil organic matter) or negative (e.g., increased water 
withdrawals due to more efficient irrigation systems 
that may trigger increased evapotranspiration). 

The projects we undertake range from nature-based 
solutions to irrigation efficiencies and rainwater 
collection. For example, in 2021, we modified our 
farmer footprint in Turkey by supporting farmers 
in switching their previous crops to tobacco, which 
requires substantially less irrigation water. This change 
has helped address competing demand for limited 
water supplies in the water stressed Aegean Region, 
reducing by more than 300,000 cubic meters the 
amount of water withdrawn from the local watershed. 
The results of this project have contributed to 
our 2030 volumetric water optimization target.

We also trialed irrigation optimization sensors in 
Italy, leveraging drip irrigation, liquid fertilizers, and 
the deployment of a decision support system that 
uses digital technology to ensure the most efficient 
crop input amounts (of both water and fertilizers). 
Our goal is to optimize the ratio between crop input 
and productivity to minimize the use of resources, 
including water, while maximizing crop yield. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Meanwhile in Brazil, many of our farmers have 
water springs on or near their farms. To maintain 
water quality and prevent contamination and runoff, 
we supported them in protecting water points by 
installing fencing to keep away cattle and prevent 
contamination. Overall, since 2019, we have 
already optimized 437,915 cubic meters of water 
across our tobacco supply chain. When designing 
projects, we seek to take a holistic approach that 
aims to both protect natural capital and generate 
water benefits for local watersheds. Nature-
based solutions are proven to bring significantly 
greater benefits than projects focused solely on 
reducing water consumption at the farm level.

Water quality
When misused, crop protection agents (CPAs) 
and fertilizers can pollute the local environment. 
While CPAs protect crops and fertilizers 
improve crop yield, these chemicals can infiltrate 
groundwater or run off into surface watercourses, 
impacting aquifers and aquatic ecosystems.

We maintain a global integrated pest management 
program to reduce the unnecessary use of pesticides, 
promote less hazardous alternatives, and manage both 
appropriately (read more here). Further, to minimize 
their negative impact, we promote more efficient ways 
to apply fertilizers, such as through drip irrigation 
systems that distribute them in smaller quantities and 
directly to the plants’ root systems. The interventions 
of field technicians—who help educate farmers—are 
key to improving pesticide and fertilizer management.

Water stewardship in our operations

We have a long-standing approach to driving 
water stewardship in our direct operations, 
including our manufacturing sites. 

Assessing water risks
We conduct periodic risk assessments, mapping our 
factories, offices, and warehouses against the World 
Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to 
identify those sites subject to physical water risks. 

The assessment accounts for:

• A criticality evaluation, based on indicators and 

thresholds that define the criteria for a site to be 
considered critical for PMI’s business continuity.

• Water risk scores, based on the results of the WRI 
Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas. The relevant water risk 
indicators for PMI were identified according to the 
type of facility (e.g., factory, warehouse, or office).

Following our 2020 assessment results, we 
kept our focus in 2021 on four factories: three 
sites in Europe shown to have high criticality 
and to face risk of drought or water stress and 
one site in Asia at risk of riverine flooding.

Accelerating water-efficiency efforts
Manufacturing cigarettes and consumables for 
our smoke-free products accounts for around 
5 percent of our total water footprint and 
amounted to around 3.12 million cubic meters 
in 2021 (2020: 3.38 million cubic meters).

The production of smoke-free consumables initially 
was five times more water-intensive than the 
manufacturing of combusted cigarettes. While 
the public health benefits of smoke-free products 
justify the trade-off of increased water intensity, 
we are accelerating our efforts to mitigate the 
increased water demand in the manufacturing 
process through enhanced efficiency. In 2021, we 
reduced water intensity by 44 percent versus 2018, 
achieving a ratio of 2.6 cubic meters per million 
cigarettes equivalent, down from 4.7 in 2018.

We continuously work to improve our processes, 
invest in novel technologies, and raise awareness 
among our employees. Our Drive 4 Zero program 
plays a crucial role in improving performance. In 2021, 
we were able to reduce total water consumption 
across our manufacturing sites by 8.5 percent 
despite the continued and significant increase in 
the production volume of heated tobacco units.

Our efforts are bearing fruit: Between 2018 and 
2021, we reduced water consumption at our 
manufacturing sites by 28.6 percent in absolute terms.

186

187

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

Water and wastewater quality
Water quality plays a vital role in our operations.

At our factories, high-quality fresh water is used in 
manufacturing processes—including the preparation 
of flavors and liquid products and the production 
of smoke-free consumables—for sanitation and 
hygiene, and for landscape watering. To reduce 
water dependency in the long term, we are 
implementing technologies and efficiency initiatives 
to recycle and reuse water at our manufacturing 
facilities. These technologies include, for instance, 
reverse osmosis and electrode ionization.

Monitoring wastewater quality is standard procedure 
at our manufacturing sites. We conduct sampling 
following recognized protocols to measure standard 
effluent parameters. Although we conduct some 
laboratory analysis internally, most is handled externally 
by accredited labs. Our certified environmental 
management systems help our sites remain in 
compliance with current and future statutory and 
regulatory requirements associated with water discharge.

Fostering best practices in water management
Certifying our manufacturing sites to the 
Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) standard 
is a critical component of our approach to water 
management. The AWS standard is a globally 
applicable framework that enables organizations 
to understand their water use and impacts and 
work collaboratively and transparently with 
others to achieve sustainable water management 
within the wider water catchment context. It goes 
beyond manufacturing to help companies engage 
with the communities in which they operate. 

Our goal is to certify all our factories to the AWS 
standard by 2025, and we are making good 
progress. In 2021, our sites in Brazil, the Czech 
Republic, Greece, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico, the 
Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, 
South Korea, Switzerland, Turkey, and Ukraine 
completed the certification process (or, for those 
sites that previously had been certified, underwent 
the annual surveillance audit), bringing the total 
number of our factories certified since 2018 to 16. 

Our water risk assessments guide our certification 
timelines and levels of ambition. For instance, 
we achieved Platinum AWS certification for our 
factory in Brazil, which is located in the same 
catchment area as our smallholder tobacco farmers 
in Rio Pardo and Taquari-Antas. During 2021, we 
launched a new project to analyze groundwater 
quality because it was found to have a naturally 
high concentration of fluoride, affecting drinking 
water. To reduce the fluoride concentration, we 
collaborated with the local university to develop a 
green filter based on World Health Organization 
literature and test it at farmers’ homes. The project, 
which is still ongoing, has more than six months of 
proven efficacy and was presented at the annual 
conference of the Brazilian Chemical Society. 

Between 2019 and 2021, we also invested in 
developing our internal capabilities to accelerate 
the rollout of the AWS program across our 
factories, accrediting close to 50 employees 
as internal AWS auditors through the AWS 
specialist training from the SGS Academy. 

C A S E   S T U D Y

Water stewardship 
in the Philippines

In 2021, our manufacturing site in Batangas set out to 
become the first factory certified by the Alliance for Water 
Stewardship (AWS) in the Philippines. The certification was 
undertaken with the goal to promote sustainable water 
stewardship practices in collaboration with local stakeholders. 

a  Read more in our case study here.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Reducing waste

Adequate waste management creates efficiencies 
and allows for better use of finite resources. We 
follow the waste hierarchy, whereby we aim first 
to reduce the waste we generate, promote its 
reuse and recycling whenever possible, incinerate 
it when this is the best option available, and, to 
the extent possible, avoid adding to landfill. 

Managing the waste generated  
in our operations

We are committed to reducing the waste generated 
by our operations and to identifying and applying 
the most sustainable waste treatment options 
available. We manage all waste from our production 
sites, including waste from catering, rest areas, 
laboratories, and healthcare facilities. We pay special 
attention to our most valuable waste streams, such 
as tobacco, paper, card, and cellulose acetate tow, 
and to hazardous waste, such as oils, lubricants, flavor 
residues, paints, solvents, chemicals such as nicotine 
from laboratories, and activated carbon filters. 

We apply a comprehensive approach 
to waste management:

Avoid and reduce: A core focus of our strategy 
is to reduce the amount of waste generated by 
converting raw materials into products as efficiently 
as possible. In 2021, we generated a total of 
114,043 tons of waste, of which 1 percent was 
hazardous. This is 17 percent less waste generated 
than in 2020 and 29 percent less than in 2019. 
We also strive to eliminate or reduce waste at the 
source; for instance, by requiring suppliers to use 
returnable pallets and containers when delivering 
materials to our sites. With improvements to our lean 
manufacturing processes and our continuous focus 
on loss elimination, we have been able to reduce 
the waste generated in production consistently. 

Reuse and recycle: In parallel to optimizing our 
processes to cut waste, we strive to responsibly 
manage the waste we do generate. We first 
seek to reuse materials ourselves or make them 
available to others, extending their lifetimes 
within the circular economy. For instance, we use 
organic waste generated by our factory in Italy 
(e.g., food waste from the canteen) to produce 
compost, which we then apply as fertilizer 
to the green areas surrounding the site. 

We do not count the materials reused by others 
as waste because this reuse helps reduce the 
consumption of natural resources in other industries.

Another path is recycling, which currently represents 
most of our waste disposal (87 percent in 2021). This 
includes segregating waste into paper, plastics, metals, 
and glass and often selling these materials to recycling 
companies so they can be turned into new products.

Recover: When recycling is not possible, we 
seek to recover waste materials and use them 
to generate energy. In 2021, 11 percent of the 
waste generated was incinerated with energy 
recovery, while only 1. 4 percent was incinerated 
without energy recovery or disposed in a landfill. 

Employee engagement is a critical driver in helping 
us to use less and reuse and recycle materials 
wherever we can. Our Drive 4 Zero program 
empowers employees to identify and implement 
improvement opportunities for waste reduction.

Disposal of waste generated in 2021

Recycled

Incinerated with energy recovery

Disposed to landfill

Incinerated without energy recovery

87%

11%

1%

<1%

188

189

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

Total landfilled waste (tons)

4,944

3,067

2019

2020

326

2021

Aiming for zero waste to landfill in our factories
We apply a “zero waste” philosophy, but we 
acknowledge that even the most efficient systems 
inevitably involve a small amount of landfill; for 
instance, waste-to-energy ash residue, waste 
legally mandated for landfill, and greywater sludge. 
Therefore, our ambition is for our sites to achieve 
a landfill diversion rate of 99 percent or greater.1

In 2021, we achieved virtually zero production 
waste to landfill globally, with a total of 1,232 
tons of production waste disposed to landfill 
(representing a reduction of 77 percent compared 
with the close to 5,375 tons in 2019).

We aim to achieve virtually zero waste to landfill 
across each PMI manufacturing site by year-end 
2022 while complying with all relevant waste 
regulations and standards. By the end of 2021, 
83 percent of our factories had achieved virtually 
zero waste to landfill. We now are focused on the 
remaining sites to achieve our 2022 ambition.

All our manufacturing sites have annual waste targets 
supported by specific projects to ensure their delivery. 

1  Our calculation of zero waste to landfill does not include canteen and sanitary 
waste, which do not relate to our production processes. It also excludes the 
mandated waste, generally tobacco, that we are obliged to landfill to respect 
local regulations. 

Fostering responsible waste 
practices in our supply chain
Beyond our operations, we seek to foster a 
positive impact on waste practices in our supply 
chain, particularly in our tobacco supply chain. 
Our Good Agricultural Practices require that 
suppliers have waste management plans in place. 
In addition to being compliant with relevant laws 
and regulations, these plans should incorporate 
identification of waste sources, improvement 
measures, recycling programs, risk mitigation, and 
communication with farmers regarding waste 
classification, storage, recycling, and disposal. 

Further, we expect our tobacco suppliers to 
dispose of empty agrochemical containers safely 
and appropriately. In some countries, we provide 
additional support to ensure the collection and 
proper disposal of containers that held pesticides or 
crop protection agents. In Indonesia, for instance, 
we partnered with local stakeholders and Plastic 
Collective in 2021 to support the setup of a recycling 
center for other types of plastic waste in rural 
communities. The project relies on a recycling hub 
with 20 collection centers to provide a model for 
local community plastics recycling. The aim is to 
recycle over 80 percent of single-use plastics in the 
communities where the project is implemented, and 
to reduce environmental pollution by supporting 
these farming communities with education and 
economic incentives to participate. The initiative 
was launched in early November; in its first 30 days 
of collection, around 3.7 tons of single-use waste 
plastic was collected by community members.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Preserving natural ecosystems

We strive to reduce the negative impacts of our 
operations and sourcing activities on habitats and 
ecosystems while looking for ways to contribute 
to the diversity of plant and animal life. 

Joining forces to protect biodiversity
We believe companies have a critical role to 
play in tackling biodiversity loss by promoting 
conservation in partnership with both international 
organizations driving for global ambitions and local 
stakeholders who understand their surroundings 
and experience effects on the ground. 

We participate in international forums such as 
CSR Europe’s Biodiversity & Industry Platform, 
WBCSD’s working groups on nature and forests, 
and Business for Nature, and we leverage the 
work of the Science Based Targets Network 
(SBTN). As of 2021, we also participate in the 
member forum of the TNFD, providing support 
and contributing to collective action. 

We call on governments to adopt a common and 
ambitious framework during the 15th meeting 
of the Conference of the Parties (COP15) to the 
Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) to set 
the stage for worldwide action on biodiversity. 

Designing a holistic biodiversity strategy
We understand that building a meaningful global 
approach to biodiversity requires the conscious 
cross-pollination of various strategies and 
interventions. The combined effects of nature 
degradation, climate change, water scarcity, and 
forest loss—among other factors—are creating 
a biodiversity crisis. To respond appropriately to 
this crisis, we must account for the synergies and 
interdependencies of environmental impacts along 
our value chain and put biodiversity protection at the 
nexus of our climate, forest, and water strategies. 

Over the past couple of years, we have focused on 
gaining visibility into and an understanding of our 
impacts on biodiversity. Leveraging the application 
of the Mean Species Abundance (MSA) metric in our 
2019 assessment, CSR Europe’s 2020 evaluation 
on the maturity of biodiversity practices, and our 
own datasets and expertise, we identified the 
following priority areas along our value chain:

• In our tobacco supply chain, our focus should 
be on the tobacco cultivation process, which 
carries risks related to degradation of the natural 
environment linked to loss of ecosystem area, 
chemical pollution, and invasive species. 

• In our non-tobacco supply chain, emphasis needs 
to be put on the deforestation risks linked to the 
sourcing of paper and pulp-based materials. 

• In our direct operations, attention should be paid 
to the proximity of our sites to protected and key 
biodiversity areas and the implementation of good 
environmental practices at manufacturing sites. 

• Downstream in our value chain, we 

should concentrate on preventing the 
littering of our product consumables. 

Biodiversity stewardship in our 
tobacco supply chain
In 2021, we partnered with the Biodiversity 
Consultancy to identify the main dependencies and 
impacts related to our tobacco leaf supply chain. Our 
aim was to align strategy development with the SBTN 
approach to set interim targets that have measurable, 
actionable, time-bound objectives that will be revised 
once the global goals for nature have been formally 
set by the Convention on Biological Diversity COP. 

As a first step, we assessed the programs currently 
in place to deliver on biodiversity. These include our 
Good Agricultural Practices program, integrated 
pest management program, Zero Deforestation 
Manifesto, renewable curing fuels program, and 
water stewardship efforts in addition to locally run 
biodiversity projects such as our diagnostic tool for 
environmental protection at farm level in Brazil. 

We then focused on deepening our 
understanding of our tobacco supply chain from 
a biodiversity standpoint, evaluating its extent 
and the types of ecosystem it involves. 

190

191

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
e
r
u
t
a
n
e
v
r
e
s
e
r
P

This work also included a mapping of key 
dependencies and potential impacts across land 
use, agricultural practices, water consumption, 
and forest protection. This allowed us to scope 
the areas of application of our strategy, which 
we expect to cover land occupancy, ecosystem 
conversion, water stewardship, climate change, 
chemical pressure, and invasive species. 

Toward the end of the year, we also started 
piloting various measurement instruments. In 
particular, we applied the Integrated Biodiversity 
Assessment Tool (IBAT)—including the Species 
Threat Abatement and Recovery (STAR) metric—and 
combined it with our spatial footprinting to draw 
preliminary insights to guide us in our selection of 
meaningful indicators and targets moving forward. 

Integrated pest management program
Our Good Agricultural Practices and integrated 
pest management (IPM) program aim to protect 
both the environment and farmers’ health and 
safety. Improving crop productivity creates value 
for farmers and for PMI. Using less surface area to 
grow the same amount of tobacco can free up land 
for food crops, other income-generating activities, 
and, potentially, biodiversity conservation habitats. 

Under our IPM, pests and diseases are controlled 
by a set of cultivation practices that include, as a 
last resort, the correct and safe application of crop 
protection agents. These practices promote healthy 
crops and safeguard biodiversity on farms and in 
surrounding areas. We have implemented IPM plans in 
our main tobacco-sourcing areas and provide toolkits 
that help farming communities identify and implement 
appropriate protection practices. In certain areas, we 
have developed models that can predict outbreaks 
of particular pests and diseases, helping farmers 
to understand when the use of CPAs is strictly 
necessary. As an example, a decision support system 
was made available to tobacco farmers and field 
technicians in Italy to help prevent and manage pest 
and disease outbreaks. The system helps the decision 
process by integrating data from forecast models, 
crop scouting, and remote sensing (satellite images). It 
is currently used by more than 100 farmers covering a 
surface of 3,000 hectares, all mapped and digitalized. 

It leverages a network of 17 weather stations located 
in the tobacco-growing areas to maximize the 
precision and reliability of pest forecasting models. 
The tool increased farmers’ awareness of IPM and 
helped them optimize their use of agrochemicals. 

Further, we have started to proactively promote 
the use of biological compounds instead of chemical 
CPAs and are exploring the use of beneficial 
insects as natural enemies. As an example, 
among the various IPM strategies adopted in our 
tobacco supply chain in Brazil, drones are used 
to release the insect Trichogramma pretiosum 
over tobacco fields. Trichogramma are a natural 
enemy of tobacco Lepidoptera pests. Over a billion 
of these insects were released in 2021, helping 
to keep crop-damaging pests under control.

Across our supply chain, PMI prohibits the use of 
CPAs classified by the World Health Organization 
as Toxicity class I and permits those in class II 
in well-justified cases only. We achieved our 
target of eliminating the purchase of tobacco 
that contains residues indicating the use of highly 
hazardous pesticides by crop year 2020 (on 
which we are reporting in this 2021 report).

Genetically modified tobacco

In line with our GAP principles, genetically 
modified (GM) tobacco is not acceptable to 
PMI. We have solid programs in place to avoid 
the inadvertent introduction of GM tobacco 
into the products we commercialize. 

Specifically, we require that each lot of tobacco 
seeds used to produce crops destined for PMI 
be systematically sampled and tested to ensure 
no GM tobacco is grown for our company. 
Specialized laboratories analyze the seeds sent 
by all our tobacco suppliers and provide the 
results directly to both PMI and the suppliers. 
Additionally, once the tobacco is grown and 
prior to purchase, we have each lot of tobacco 
tested—by the same specialized labs—to ensure 
it has not been genetically modified. If any 
GM tobacco is detected, the lot is rejected 
and does not enter PMI’s supply chain. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Looking ahead

We are dedicated to setting very solid foundations for our biodiversity 
approach to be best positioned to drive progress in a complex area. We 
will further develop our biodiversity strategy, covering all relevant areas of 
the company and its integration within our climate, water, forest, and waste 
reduction efforts. Noting the relevance that biodiversity and water have in 
our overall climate strategy and aims to preserve nature, we look forward 
to introducing 2025 targets that reflect our level of ambition. We expect to 
have a full set of targets and actionable milestones by the end of 2022.

Massimo Andolina, Senior Vice President, Operations

Our 10 million cubic meter target is a measure 
of progress that illustrates much more: strong 
stakeholder engagement at the watershed level 
and a deep understanding of, and commitment 
to, acting on shared water challenges with a 
forward-looking interpretation of water needs.

We are focused on achieving our goal of virtually 
zero waste to landfill in our manufacturing 
facilities by the end of 2022, having all our 
manufacturing sites below 1 percent of waste 
to landfill in their operations, and continuing 
to reduce our total waste generation.

Claudia Berardi, Director, Environmental Sustainability, 
PMI Operations

We will continue delivering on our ambition to 
achieve a deforestation-free supply chain. In 
our tobacco supply chain, we plan to become 
forest positive, leveraging initiatives linked to 
nature-based solutions and providing multiple 
benefits to support ecosystem restoration and 
enhancement. In 2022, in accordance with our 
Zero Deforestation Manifesto commitments, 
we will expand the scope of our engagement 
with our paper and pulp-based materials 
suppliers, encompassing all secondary pulp-
based product categories and suppliers.

We plan to certify five additional factories to 
the AWS standard in 2022 and to continue 
enhancing water efficiency and preserving 
water quality in our manufacturing sites. In 
our tobacco supply chain, we will continue 
to deploy our new optimization strategy to 
identify the most meaningful interventions, 
guided by our science-based approach. 

192

193

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

F U N D A M E N TA L S

   Conduct R&D responsibly   196 
and transparently 

   Manage our supply  
chain sustainably

   Sustain product reliability  

   Nicotine science  

   Uphold business ethics  
and integrity

198

201

205  

   Respect human rights  

208

   Safeguard privacy  
and protect data

   Apply fair fiscal practices  

   Prevent illicit trade  

213 

221  

222

224

194

195

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Conduct R&D responsibly and transparently

World-class research and 
development is powering PMI’s 
delivery of a smoke-free future.

Conducting our research and development (R&D) 
openly and transparently is of utmost importance. 
When coupled with scientific integrity and rigor, 
transparency helps address skepticism and mistrust 
and fosters the sort of collaboration and cooperation 
needed to drive positive societal change. Evidence 
resulting from robust scientific assessments 
advances the debate on public health and tobacco 
harm reduction, to the benefit of adult smokers.

At PMI, R&D is the catalyst for our business 
transformation. The rigor with which we conduct 
our R&D—and the openness with which we 
share our methodologies and findings—builds 
confidence in our science among the scientific 
community, regulators, and our consumers, 
protects our company from reputational risk, 
and, most importantly, allows us to commercialize 
our smoke-free products around the world.

Our approach

Our R&D work is focused on developing and 
scientifically substantiating smoke-free alternatives to 
cigarettes for adults who would otherwise continue 
to smoke. Eliminating combustion reduces users’ 
levels of exposure to harmful and potentially harmful 
chemicals compared to smoking. In conducting R&D, 
we strive for excellence in line with international 
standards—with zero tolerance for compromise in 
either our scientific methods or their execution.

Decision-making on R&D strategy and direction 
is handled by specific committees at the product 
assessment, project design, and Board levels. Among 
other responsibilities, the Board’s Product Innovation 
and Regulatory Affairs Committee monitors the 
company’s internal scientific research, including 
efforts to substantiate the risk-reduction potential 
of our smoke-free products. Our President, Vectura 
Fertin Pharma and Chief Life Sciences Officer holds 
overall responsibility for our R&D strategy and plans, 
while accountability for scientific excellence and 
transparency rests with our Chief Scientific Officer.

We regularly interact with an extensive network of 
stakeholders, including long-term study partners, 
research partners, production site personnel, 
universities, suppliers, consumers, and regulators.

We adhere to high scientific standards, and 
our research is aligned with the U.S. Food 
and Drug Administration’s draft guidance on 
modified risk tobacco products (2012).

In conducting our studies, we aim to align with 
available international standards, such as applicable 
ISO standards, OECD’s Principles of Good 
Laboratory Practice, and Good Epidemiological 
Practices. Importantly, all our clinical studies are 
conducted in accordance with the Declaration 
of Helsinki and the principles of Good Clinical 
Practice. These standards aim to ensure the quality 
and integrity of nonclinical and clinical studies.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Sharing our methods and findings

PMI’s Postdoctoral Fellowship Program

We recognize that scientific research from tobacco 
companies may be met with skepticism. Sharing 
our science and listening to feedback are critical 
to encouraging debate with experts and the 
broader public. We produce a regular briefing 
through our Scientific Update publication, which 
complements what we share throughout the year 
via articles in peer-reviewed journals, presentations 
at conferences, and our PMIScience website. 
Since 2008, we have published more than 452 
papers on smoke-free products in peer-reviewed 
publications. In 2021, we continued our Open 
Science conference series, hosting webinars and 
making the recordings available on PMIscience.
com. In addition, our scientists continued to present 
their findings at conferences and virtual events 
throughout the year in the fields of toxicology, 
aerosol engineering, and respiratory drug delivery.

By sharing our scientific data and papers, we allow the 
research community and broader public to gain an in-
depth perspective into how PMI conducts R&D and 
our research findings. We welcome objective studies 
by external stakeholders that seek to contribute 
to a science-based debate on the important 
societal question of tobacco harm reduction.

INTERVALS

To address concerns over the reproducibility 
of research results, we created a platform 
called INTERVALS specifically for tobacco harm 
reduction science. INTERVALS is meant to be a 
comprehensive reduced-risk product research 
repository with data from a variety of third-party 
sources, in addition to PMI’s research data.

By promoting the sharing of protocols, tools, and data, 
this platform enables independent data reanalysis 
and collaboration. It was designed to allow all 
relevant stakeholders to share and explore toxicity 
assessment data produced in relation to product 
alternatives to cigarettes. As of the end of 2021, a 
total of 87 studies, 132 protocols, and 676 data sets 
had been published on INTERVALS since 2018.

Thirteen candidates have taken part in the two-year 
Postdoctoral Fellowship Program at PMI Science 
since its inception in 2017, covering topics ranging 
from genome engineering to human behavioral 
psychology. The program provides early-career 
scientists with a toehold in both academia and 
industry. Our R&D center in Switzerland—called 
the Cube—houses the fellows, who are provided 
with the tools, technical skills, and methodologies 
they need to reach their research potential. At 
the end of the two-year program in 2019 and 
2021, both waves of talented scientists enrolled 
in the program had made significant contributions 
to PMI’s scientific research and innovation.

Animal testing

Animal studies allow us to confirm in vivo what 
pharmacology and toxicology studies show in 
vitro. We use human-derived cells in vitro, but 
the animal studies in vivo allow us to assess 
scientifically the consistency of our findings. 

Despite toxicology standards accepting the 
use of rodents, we are working to replace 
animal testing with non animal-based testing 
approaches to the extent possible. We apply 
the “3R” guidelines: replacement, reduction, and 
refinement (see our Standards for Animal Testing). 

We hope that in time we will be able to replace much 
or all animal testing with alternative methods. Our 
animal welfare committee, composed of veterinary 
and scientific PMI professionals with ample experience 
in animal testing, is responsible for reviewing protocols 
and examining them for compliance with scientific 
and animal welfare criteria. Our in vivo facility is 
accredited by the Association for Assessment and 
Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC) 
International, which sets the gold standard in animal 
welfare for the use of animals in scientific research.

196

197

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Sustain product reliability

Our ambition to accelerate the end of 
cigarette smoking rests on rigorous scientific 
assessment, highly reliable products, 
and strict regulatory compliance.

Cigarette smoking causes serious health risks 
and disease and is addictive. We take our 
duty as a manufacturer seriously to ensure 
that—for adults who continue to smoke—any 
additives used (e.g., flavorings) do not increase 
the health risks inherent to cigarette use. 

For adult smokers who switch to products that 
do not combust tobacco, it is of paramount 
importance that these alternatives are scientifically 
substantiated to demonstrate that they present 
less risk to health than continued smoking, and also 
that they are developed, tested, and manufactured 
according to applicable regulations and standards 
to ensure consistent product integrity and quality. 

Delivering a smoke-free future relies on the 
development and commercialization of products 
that meet both stringent scientific requirements and 
technical design criteria. Investments to maintain 
and continuously improve the reliability of our 
products enable us to protect our reputation and 
brand equity while complying with regulations.

Our approach

Our quality management system (QMS) covers all our 
products: smoke-free and combustible. Governance 
and accountability for consistent product integrity, 
quality, and reliability sits at the highest management 
level at PMI and is guided by our QMS, as well 
as internal and external standards. Our work on 
product integrity and reliability is mainly carried out 
by teams in our product development, procurement, 
manufacturing operations, and quality organization 
departments. Their collective efforts ensure we 
preserve quality, from raw material to the retail shelf. 

Our approach to product reliability starts with our 
contracted farmers and suppliers. We work with them 
to secure high-quality raw materials and components, 
applying robust procurement processes, detailed 
auditing, and rigorous quality assurance procedures. 

Our factories are designed to manufacture 
our products to the highest quality standards, 
following the ISO 9001 certification principles. 
This includes, for example, the careful selection of 
materials that come in contact with semifinished 
and finished products during manufacturing 
and the appropriate training of operators. 

Our manufacturing quality management systems 
are subject to inspection by authorities and certified 
bodies. Globally, a team of around 1,800 product 
quality associates ensures that quality assurance, 
control, and improvement covers incoming materials, 
semifinished components, and finished products 
across our global footprint. Additionally, we have 
more than 102 corporate quality professionals 
who establish and embed standards throughout 
our QMS processes. We supplement these 
measures with dedicated third-party quality 
management programs and by placing a PMI quality 
assurance colleague on-site at each key electronic 
manufacturing supplier of our smoke-free devices.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Product reliability also extends to the packaging, 
storage, and transport of finished goods to ensure 
they reach the consumer in proper condition. 
Packaging has a crucial role to play in this regard and 
also helps ensure the traceability and identification 
of our products so we can act promptly should 
issues arise. Each packaging unit has a unique 
serial number that allows us to trace the entire 
supply chain journey, from factory to market, 
enabling backward traceability in the case of 
product quality issues. Additionally, each device and 
consumables pack has a unique serial number. In 
the event of a product recall (of which there were 
none in 2021) or an identified quality incident, we 
can leverage this traceability to investigate the 
problem and undertake any necessary containment 
actions in an efficient and targeted manner.

Moreover, we focus on the sustainability and longevity 
of our products by embedding eco-design principles 
and post-use collection schemes. Learn more here.

Smoke-free products

Smoke-free products include heated tobacco and 
e-vapor products, which comprise consumables and 
electronic devices subject to strict design controls. 
The process ensures that the product is developed 
according to predefined and controlled criteria 
and demonstrates reduced toxicity compared with 
cigarette smoking. Any alterations to the product 
are made under a strict change management 
process that assesses the impact of the change 
on the product’s quality, safety, performance, 
and regulatory compliance. In addition, as part of 
product development, we apply use-hazard analysis. 
We assess the risks related to the intended use 
and foreseeable misuse of the product, and we 
implement appropriate mitigation measures.

Heat-not-burn devices
The electronic devices for our heat-not-burn 
product are manufactured according to internal 
standards and ISO 9001 principles and certified 
according to applicable regulations and standards. 
The suppliers of the devices’ electronic parts and 
components, including batteries, must also operate 
under these quality standards. Each finished device 
is subject to rigorous controls before shipment.

In case of consumer complaints regarding 
the devices, PMI has established a thorough 
monitoring process enabling early detection of 
consumer pain points; these insights are then 
used to improve our products and components.

Since the reliability and durability of devices 
contribute to sustainability outcomes, we strive to 
strike the right balance between extending a product’s 
lifetime in use (thus lowering demand on natural 
resources) and updating and improving the product’s 
effectiveness and competitiveness in the market.

Heated tobacco units
IQOS heated tobacco units (HTUs) are inserted 
into the device holder by the consumer. Each 
unit is composed of a tobacco plug (also 
containing a metal susceptor in the case of TEREA 
consumables), hollow acetate tube, polymer-film 
filter, cellulose acetate mouthpiece filter, and filter 
papers. The uniquely processed tobacco plug is 
made from a reconstituted blend of high-quality 
tobacco leaves. We disclose the ingredients of 
our heated tobacco units on our website.

The manufacturing of heated tobacco units 
demands high levels of precision and consistency. 
For instance, the diameter of the unit, as well as the 
properties of the cast leaf, are crucial to product 
performance. Heated tobacco units are also tested 
for stability, using standard protocols covering 
different temperature and humidity ranges. The 
design and packaging aim to preserve product 
quality and safety in the various conditions to which 
it may be subjected (read more on PMIScience). 

198

199

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021E-vapor products
Our e-vapor devices use a cartridge containing 
an e-liquid. The product’s reliability depends on 
the integrity of the tank; if the tank is tampered 
with, the product could fail. We recognize a trade-
off between product reliability and recyclability, 
but prioritize safety: We use closed tank systems 
in the development and commercialization of 
e-vapor products. We also test our packaging 
to ensure compliance with local regulations, 
including the EU Tobacco Products Directive, 
and we engage external agencies that test the 
integrity and safety of our e-liquid packaging.

Combustible products

Our combustible products are also subject to 
stringent product development controls. We strictly 
adhere to product specifications and regulations for 
cigarettes and apply further internal requirements 
to ensure the highest quality products. We disclose 
the ingredients used in our conventional products on 
our website. These ingredients undergo toxicological 
assessment to ensure their use does not increase the 
inherent toxicity of cigarette smoke. We keep abreast 
of strengthening or pending regulation, and a further 
regulatory compliance assessment is performed to 
ensure compliance with applicable regulations.

Besides tobacco ingredients, we use nontobacco 
materials such as cigarette paper, filters, and 
packaging materials in our products. These 
materials also undergo toxicological assessment, 
and we assess packaging materials following the 
main requirements for food contact materials.

We warn consumers about the health effects 
of our products. All advertising and consumer 
packaging for these products must contain clear 
and visible health warnings (read more about 
our marketing and sales practices here).

Ingredients in our heated tobacco units and e-liquids

Heated tobacco units and e-liquids are manufactured using ingredients compliant with all applicable 
regulatory requirements and with industry and PMI standards. The tobacco used in our heated 
tobacco products is tested for the presence of crop protection agent residues to ensure it does not 
exceed permissible levels per industry guidelines. Nicotine and nicotine salts used in e-liquids must 
satisfy U.S. or European pharmacopoeia specifications. All other ingredients (with the exception of 
flavoring extracts from tobacco) are either food grade or satisfy U.S. or European pharmacopoeia 
specifications. We do not use any ingredients classified as carcinogens, mutagens, or reproductive 
toxicants. All consumable ingredients—and also non-substrate material, such as the plastic and 
other components of cartridges that house the e-liquid and the paper and other components 
that house the tobacco mixture—are subject to rigorous toxicological risk assessment.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Nicotine science

Tobacco naturally contains nicotine. 
Therefore, so do combustible tobacco 
products such as cigarettes and cigars, as 
well as smoke-free products such as oral and 
heated tobacco. While e-cigarettes do not 
contain tobacco, most do contain nicotine, 
which typically is extracted from tobacco. 

Nicotine is the best-known molecule in tobacco. 
Because it is so well known and because smoking is 
the most common source of nicotine uptake, people 
tend wrongly to attribute all the dangers of smoking 
to nicotine. While nicotine is addictive and not risk-
free, it is not the primary cause of smoking-related 
diseases. These diseases primarily are associated with 
chronic exposure to the high level of toxic substances 
emitted in the smoke when tobacco is burned. In fact, 
nicotine is a key ingredient in nicotine replacement 
therapies designed to help smokers quit smoking.

That said, nicotine is addictive, and it can be difficult 
to quit tobacco- and nicotine-containing products. 
It can also cause an increase in a person’s heart rate 
and blood pressure. Minors, pregnant women, nursing 
mothers, and people with existing conditions such 
as heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, or 
epilepsy should not use nicotine-containing products.

Independent studies have shown the harm 
reduction potential of making better alternatives 
to cigarettes available to those adult smokers 
who would otherwise continue to smoke (read 
more here). If nicotine could be provided in an 
amount, and with rate of delivery, acceptable to 
adult smokers, it could be effective as a cigarette 
substitute, and millions of lives could be saved. 

For that to happen, adults who otherwise would 
continue to smoke need access to nicotine products 
that are less harmful alternatives to cigarettes.

Among the leaders of change are public health 
organizations and regulatory bodies, whose opinions 
and decisions impact everyone involved. Many 
scientific experts and public health organizations 
support the role of tobacco harm reduction as a 
complement to existing tobacco control measures. 
They also recognize the important role of nicotine 
in tobacco harm reduction to help smokers 
transition away from the use of cigarettes.

The U.K.’s Royal College of Physicians has said: 
“Nicotine is not [...] in itself a highly hazardous drug [...] 
It is inherently unlikely that nicotine inhalation itself 
contributes significantly to the mortality or morbidity 
caused by smoking. The main culprit is smoke and, if 
nicotine could be delivered effectively and acceptably 
to smokers without smoke, most if not all of the 
harm of smoking could probably be avoided.”1

Cigarette

Nicotine

Made from  
tobacco

Contains  
nicotine and  
is addictive

Lit on fire to 
create smoke

Produces tar and 
harmful chemicals

Causes  
smoking-related 
diseases

Present in tobacco 
and other plants

In cigarettes, most  
smoke-free  
products, and nicotine  
replacement therapies

Addictive

Not primary  
cause of smoking-
related diseases

Certain groups  
of people should 
not use

1  www.rcplondon.ac.uk/projects/outputs/nicotine-without-smoke-tobacco-

harm-reduction

200

201

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Our approach

Nicotine plays a key role in the successful adoption 
of our smoke-free products. Its presence can help 
adults who would otherwise continue smoking to 
switch to less risky alternatives instead. In addition 
to taste, ritual, and the sensory aspects, nicotine 
uptake that is comparable to cigarettes is important 
for adult smokers to accept novel alternatives to 
smoking. Taking these aspects into consideration, we 
have researched and continue to develop a portfolio 
of smoke-free products that are a better choice for 
adult smokers than continuing to smoke cigarettes. 

We are working hard to achieve a future without 
cigarettes. As society progresses toward the 
elimination of cigarettes, the most harmful form 
of nicotine delivery, there needs to also be 
education and a societal debate about nicotine 
that is grounded in science. The world will certainly 
be a better place without cigarettes, but it is 
difficult to envision how to achieve this in a timely 
manner without nicotine-containing alternatives 
that deliver an acceptable sensory experience. 

In this domain, we are acting on three axes:

1.  We continue to analyze the risks and potential 

benefits of nicotine use when not in combination 
with combusted tobacco and share our findings to 
encourage a science-based debate on this 
important societal question. More information 
can be found in our eighth Scientific Update, 
which is dedicated to a review of nicotine.

2.  We understand the need for, and actively work 
toward, commercializing tobacco and other 
nicotine-containing products responsibly. We aim 
to guard against marketing and sales of our 
smoke-free products to nonsmokers and minimize 
access for underage purchasers. Our 
commercialization practices support this business 
vision: To make adult smokers aware that better 
alternatives to cigarettes exist and to move those 
who otherwise would not quit cigarettes to our 
smoke-free products. Doing this responsibly by 
directing our marketing and sales activities 
toward adult smokers and providing them with 
accurate and relevant information about our 
products is fundamental to our long-term success. 
Read more about our sales and marketing 
practices here.

3.  We conduct post-market studies to understand 
how our products are used and by whom. Such 
studies verify the results of our premarket 
perception and behavior assessments and 
monitor whether current adult smokers switch to 
the products, as well as whether never or former 
smokers use them. By conducting post-market 
studies, we are able to evaluate potential changes 
in prevalence; assess initiation, relapse, and 
complete-quit rates; and compare the use of 
cigarettes and smoke-free products. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Analyzing the risks and potential 
benefits of nicotine use

What is nicotine?

Nicotine occurs naturally in tobacco and, at 
significantly lower levels, in some other plant 
varieties from the Solanaceae family, which includes 
tomatoes, potatoes, and eggplant. It is possible to 
extract nicotine from tobacco, as is done to derive 
the nicotine contained in nicotine replacement 
therapy (NRT) products and e-liquids for e-cigarettes. 
It is also possible to produce synthetic nicotine. 
While this process is relatively costly, there are an 
increasing number of products (e-liquids and nicotine 
pouches) that are now using synthetic nicotine.

The route of nicotine administration (e.g., via the lung, 
mouth, or skin) influences the speed and amount 
of nicotine uptake into the body. When tobacco 
smoke or e-cigarette aerosol is inhaled into the lung, 
it is rapidly absorbed into the bloodstream and can 
reach the brain as quickly as 10–20 seconds after the 
puff is taken. Nicotine from oral tobacco products 
(e.g., snus, nicotine pouches, NRT gum) is absorbed 
into the bloodstream through oral tissues, and the 
nicotine concentration in the blood rises gradually, 
reaching a plateau in about 30 minutes. The rise in 
brain nicotine concentration is slower compared with 
the inhalation route. A certain amount of the orally 
administered nicotine is swallowed and absorbed, 
mostly in the small intestine, before passing to 
the liver, where it is metabolized (i.e., transformed 
to facilitate excretion of nicotine from the body). 
Nicotine, when absorbed through the skin, reaches 
a plateau concentration in the blood more slowly 
than via other routes of administration. However, 
the level typically is maintained for a longer period.

Once nicotine is absorbed into the circulatory 
system, it is distributed to all body tissues and 
organs, including the brain. There, nicotine binds 
to specific receptor molecules, mimicking the 
actions of a naturally occurring brain chemical, 
the neurotransmitter acetylcholine. Nicotine is 
metabolized mainly in the liver. Nicotine absorbed 
via the lung and oral tissues reaches the brain 
directly without first passing through the liver to 
be metabolized, whereas nicotine absorbed via the 
gut passes first through the liver to be metabolized 
and is partially excreted before reaching the brain.

Nicotine and addiction

Nicotine is an addictive chemical compound present 
in tobacco and tobacco products. But the addictive 
properties of smoking involve a more complex 
interaction of factors than nicotine alone. Ritual, 
the sensory experience, and social experiences 
also play a significant role in addiction. Exposure 
to nicotine and the extent of its effects can also 
be influenced by individual differences in smoking 
behavior, metabolism, body mass, and genetics.

Continual use of nicotine may lead to dependence or 
physiological adaptations to maintain homeostasis, 
which are most evident in the emergence of withdrawal 
symptoms experienced during cessation. In addition 
to other physiological responses, long-term use of 
nicotine can induce changes in the brain’s reward 
and stress systems, which may manifest as anxiety, 
dysphoria, and other negative affect states during 
long-term withdrawal. Physiological dependence, 
coupled with altered responses from the reward and 
stress system, can make quitting very difficult.

The rapid uptake and delivery of nicotine to the brain’s 
reward system via lung delivery is thought to be a 
primary reason for the addictive potential of cigarettes 
and other inhaled tobacco products. When someone 
smokes a cigarette, the nicotine levels peak quickly 
(in about six to 10 minutes), and then the level of 
nicotine drops fairly rapidly as it is metabolized. Most 
nicotine replacement therapies do not provide this 
same pharmacokinetic profile, making them less likely 
to be addictive but also less likely to satisfy smokers.

Two critical factors are the dose and rate of nicotine 
delivery. NRTs and other cessation products can help 
address nicotine withdrawal symptoms. The use of 
NRTs is recommended for eight to 12 weeks, although 
use for six months or longer may be necessary to 
achieve optimal quit rates. It makes sense to use 
NRTs to support smoking cessation for as long as the 
individual feels at risk of relapse. NRTs, however, are 
not as satisfying as cigarette smoking. Firstly, they 
do not provide the ritual, sensory experience, and 
social components that complete the experience of 
consuming nicotine via smoking. Secondly, the route 
and speed of absorption of nicotine is different: Often, 
the NRTs that rapidly deliver high doses of nicotine, 
such as sprays and inhalators, are more satisfying to 
smokers than are those that slowly deliver nicotine 
at much lower doses, such as gums and patches.

202

203

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Nicotine in our heat-not-burn product

For adult smokers who would otherwise continue 
to smoke, scientific innovation provides increasingly 
better ways to deliver nicotine while preserving the 
perceived benefits and enjoyment for the consumer.

Nicotine delivery from smoke-free products can 
resemble that of a cigarette; thus, these devices tend 
to be much more satisfying for those switching to a 
less harmful substitute to cigarette smoking. Our IQOS 
heat-not-burn product is a smoke-free alternative 
for adult smokers who would otherwise continue 
smoking and is not a smoking cessation product.

Nicotine plays an important role in encouraging 
adult smokers to switch from cigarettes to better 
alternatives such as IQOS. Therefore, it is important 
for IQOS to have a nicotine delivery profile similar 
to that of a cigarette. In two studies conducted in 
Japan, the peak concentration of nicotine in the 
blood occurred about six minutes after starting 
IQOS use and reached more than 88 percent of 
the level attained with cigarettes. It, therefore, has 
an addictive potential similar to cigarettes. But 
at the same time, IQOS has the potential to be a 
satisfying alternative to continued smoking, the 
most harmful form of nicotine consumption.

After reviewing the scientific package on IQOS, the 
U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) concluded, 
“[Pharmacokinetic] studies show Marlboro, Smooth 
Menthol, and Fresh Menthol Heatsticks have nicotine 
delivery, addiction potential, and abuse liability 
similar to combusted cigarettes. This is potentially 
beneficial for smokers trying to switch to IQOS as 
they are more likely to have satisfactory results 
and not resume [combusted cigarette] smoking.”2

Therapeutic delivery of nicotine

The public health and scientific communities 
continue to explore ways in which nicotine, when 
isolated, can be used as a potential therapeutic 
compound.3 Scientists are studying nicotine as 
a possible active ingredient in pharmaceutical 
applications for the treatment of certain disease 
states as it could confer specific health benefits. 
These include treatments for patients suffering from 
schizophrenia, depression, and anxiety disorders. 
Scientists are also studying the effects of nicotine 
on debilitating diseases and disorders such as 
Tourette’s, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, attention deficit 
hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and others.

We believe a greater societal focus on the 
health impact of nicotine in isolation is needed, 
and we plan to play our part in furthering 
this understanding through our research.

HE ATED   
TOBACCO

CI G ARE T TE S

Heats  
tobacco without  
burning

Contains real 
tobacco

Smoke-free
Electronic  
device

NICOTINE

Burns 
tobacco

Heats liquid 
nicotine

Releases smoke 
and ash

No  
tobacco

2  The FDA does not endorse or approve tobacco products.
3  www.health.harvard.edu/newsletter_article/Nicotine_It_may_have_a_good_side

E-VAP OR

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Uphold business ethics and integrity

We conduct business ethically and 
with integrity. We clearly define the 
ethical and compliance expectations 
we have for ourselves and for the 
third parties with whom we work, and 
we back up these expectations with 
governance and management systems 
to ensure we deliver on them.

Managing ethics is an integral part of any successful 
business operation, and major decisions that affect 
a company’s bottom line often involve questions of 
ethics. We all depend on systems that apply laws fairly 
and protect fundamental rights. Without the rule of 
law, it is difficult for companies to operate successfully. 
Issues such as corruption, unfair competition, and 
unsafe workplaces undermine societal well-being.

While following the rules is critical, it is sometimes 
not enough. It can be possible to behave unethically 
even while complying with the law or other rules. 
Good ethical judgment helps us guard against 
such failures and build lasting business success.

Our approach

We understand that PMI’s reputation comes from 
the sum of our actions. To ensure we conduct 
business ethically and with integrity, we maintain 
an Ethics & Compliance (E&C) program. The 
program is led by our Vice President and Chief 
Ethics & Compliance Officer, who reports to PMI’s 
General Counsel and also reports periodically to 
the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors. 

Our Guidebook for Success (PMI’s code of conduct) 
sets clear standards and expectations. Its mandatory 
provisions apply to all PMI employees, officers, 
and directors. Key risk areas addressed in this 
document include anti-bribery and anti-corruption, 
anti-competitive practices, conflicts of interest, 
information protection security and data privacy, 
responsible marketing and sales, scientific integrity, 
supply chain responsibility, and workplace integrity. 
Internal policies—called Principles & Practices—
provide more-specific guidance on these topics. 

Evaluating our Ethics & Compliance culture

We formally evaluate our E&C culture periodically, 
using a global online survey to understand 
employee experiences and attitudes related 
to ethical business conduct. For the last 15 
years, PMI has been surveying its global 
employee population every two to three years, 
including most recently in September 2021.

According to the 2021 E&C survey results, PMI 
is stronger on ethics than at the time of the 2018 
survey. The global survey results showed improved 
or maintained performance across all categories 
of questions. Most notably, we saw very high 
awareness among respondents of the company’s E&C 
program, our Guidebook for Success, our compliance 
helpline, and the duty to speak up should concerns 
arise. Analyzing the survey results helps us identify 
potential improvement opportunities. Current focus 
areas include reinforcing the importance of employees 
speaking up when they observe potential misconduct, 
even if they think someone else will report it, and 
enhancing leadership communication on E&C topics.

204

205

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021There is a strong speaking-up culture at 
PMI, with most employees communicating 
directly with the E&C department and 
disclosing their identity when speaking up. 

Specifically, in 2021, only 22 percent of the 
reports received by E&C were submitted 
anonymously. According to the 2021 E&C results, 
the vast majority of employees are aware of PMI’s 
anonymous reporting channels and do not fear 
retaliation for reporting potential misconduct. 
These statistics indicate that employees feel 
comfortable speaking up and sharing their names.

In addition, the E&C team continues to increase 
its outreach to employees on PMI’s speaking-
up program. As part of our Inside E&C initiative, 
for example, the department shares quarterly 
statistics with employees globally about 
speaking-up reports, compliance violations, and 
disciplinary actions, as well as anonymized real-life 
examples of misconduct and advisory guidance 
provided in response to employee questions.

Furthermore, in 2021, E&C launched the 
#UnmuteYourself campaign to encourage 
speaking up across all regions. The initiative 
was championed by members of the Company 
Management team and resulted in management 
teams and employees across PMI regularly 
referring to speaking up during business calls.

In addition to the employee surveys, we 
periodically work with third parties to assess 
elements of our E&C program, which we did 
in 2021 and plan to do again in 2022.

Employee communication and training

We use training and communication to help 
employees understand which standards are 
relevant to their roles and how to apply them in 
their daily work. We reach broadly across the 
organization using multiple formats and languages.

In 2021, 71.3 percent of employees received training 
related to topics in the Guidebook for Success.1 
Employees and third parties completed a total of 
261,890 training sessions (2020: 198,170).2 Key 
topics addressed included workplace integrity, 
speaking up, conflicts of interest, responsible 
marketing, privacy, intellectual property, insider 
trading, information protection, competition law, 
and anti-corruption. Training completions for 2021 
continue to be recorded in the first quarter of 2022, 
so a slight increase in these figures is expected.

Speaking up

At PMI, there are many ways to speak up 
about potential misconduct, get help on 
an E&C matter, ask a related question, or 
recommend an improvement. Mechanisms 
include, but are not limited to, the following:

a.  E&C in-person contacts (e.g., Regional Director, 
Cluster Head, E&C Country/Market Head)

b.  PMI Global E&C email address
c.  PMI Compliance Helpline (online or by 
telephone), which is operated by a third 
party and available 24 hours a day, seven 
days a week, in all languages spoken at PMI 
(employees may use the helpline anonymously, 
subject to local laws and regulations).

PMI also has implemented a Global Speaking 
Up Policy, the principles of which are reinforced 
in the Guidebook for Success (PMI’s code of 
conduct) and in all PMI compliance policies.

1  As of 2021 the calculation is based on the 55,276 employees  

maintained in PMI’s central HR system.

2  2021 training completion data as of March 17, 2022.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Compliance investigations

At PMI, we take all reports received through our 
speaking-up channels seriously and are committed to 
following up objectively and in a timely manner. We 
investigate all reports that raise compliance concerns, 
and we involve other functions or line management 
to help resolve other concerns. Corrective measures 
are implemented to address investigation findings, 
and disciplinary actions are calibrated against past 
actions to keep the process fair. When investigating 
suspected E&C violations, trained personnel adhere 
to PMI Investigations Standards, which are designed 
to ensure a fair and respectful process. We run a 
post-investigation quality assurance program to get 
feedback on how well we met these standards. We 
also have a Retaliation Check program to detect, 
remedy, and prevent retaliation against people who 
speak up, which includes regular follow-ups with 
employees who have made a report. We also run 
checks to ensure year-end performance assessments 
are fair, and we review substantial employment 
decisions regarding all people identified as at risk of 
retaliation before the decisions are implemented.

We received 929 reports of suspected misconduct 
in 2021 (2020: 762). Around 43 percent of the 
matters that were closed in 2021 did not involve 
a compliance allegation and were resolved 
through E&C advisory services or referred to line 
management or appropriate departments, such as 
our People & Culture teams, for further action.

In 2021, we investigated and closed 508 cases that 
involved potential violations of PMI’s Guidebook 
for Success and compliance policies (2020: 431). At 
least one violation was substantiated in 46 percent 
of these cases (2020: 54 percent), with “theft and 
fraud” accounting for 30 percent of all violations 
(2020: 22 percent), “workplace integrity” accounting 
for 22 percent (2020: 30 percent), and violations 
related to speaking up (such as failure to speak up 
or obstructing an investigation) accounting for 14 
percent (2020: 20 percent). Corrective measures 
and disciplinary sanctions were implemented 
following these investigations. Specifically, in 2021, 
termination of employment accounted for 26 
percent of the disciplinary actions issued from these 
cases, while suspension accounted for 5 percent, 
written warning for 32 percent, and verbal warning 
or counseling for the remaining 27 percent.

Looking ahead

Ethics and integrity are core components of 
our culture at PMI. We are committed to our 
employees, our customers, our shareholders, 
and our communities to conduct business 
in an ethical manner and in compliance with 
all applicable laws and regulations. In 2022, 
as our company progresses further on its 
transformation journey, we plan to build on 
this solid foundation and will continue to 
implement and enhance our global ethics and 
compliance program. Among our initiatives 
for this year, we will launch a new Code 
of Conduct, roll out global training on key 
compliance risks, and continue to encourage 
our employees to speak up in case of concerns. 

Suzanne Rich Folsom, Senior Vice President  
& General Counsel

Preventing bribery and corruption

Our standard is clear: We do not bribe anyone, 
anywhere, for any reason. We recognize that 
our refusal to participate in corrupt activities 
may make doing business more difficult in some 
markets, but bribery is unacceptable at PMI.

Our anti-corruption standards regulate our 
interactions with government officials and entities, 
as well as with private individuals, both directly 
and through third parties. These standards prohibit 
all forms of bribery and facilitating payments. 
They also describe acceptable forms of giving 
and receiving gifts or entertainment, govern 
political contributions, and set clear pre-approval, 
reporting, and registration requirements.

We publicly disclose the very limited 
political contributions we make on PMI.
com, and we follow lobbying regulations.

206

207

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Respect human rights

Protecting and promoting the rights of 
our stakeholders is paramount. As a global 
company, we work on upholding human 
rights within our organization and across our 
value chain. We work to ensure that human 
rights are respected and upheld by our 
business partners, including our suppliers.

Human rights are inherent to the dignity of human 
life and a prerequisite for society to prosper. The 
United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and 
Human Rights (UNGPs), as well as academia and civil 
society, recognize that businesses can impact human 
rights both positively and adversely and should 
account for and manage these impacts. At PMI, 
fostering the promotion and continuous integration 
of human rights considerations into our strategy, 
policies, and business practices is not just the right 
thing to do; it also helps anticipate evolving legal 
requirements and minimizes our financial exposure 
and the risk of supply chain disruptions. Further, 
safeguarding and promoting human rights within 
our value chain creates the basic environment and 
conditions in which our stakeholders, including our 
employees and workers across our supply chain, 
can thrive and create value. In combination with a 
positive, inclusive culture and sound management, 
this provides the space and opportunity needed for 
our key business enablers of innovation, collaboration, 
continuous improvement, and execution.

Our approach

Across our value chain, we aim to address our 
adverse impacts and maximize opportunities to 
drive positive change for people. Setting a strong 
foundation and integrating mechanisms that promote 
respect for human rights into our organization 
are essential. While this can be challenging given 
the scope and complexity of the issues and the 
breadth of our operations, we believe that human 
rights are an absolute and universal requirement—a 
requirement we are committed to upholding.

We seek to continuously improve our policies 
and practices with respect to identifying 
and addressing risks and impacts to “rights-
holders” across our value chain by securing 
our supply of raw materials responsibly.

To strengthen our due diligence framework, 
proactively identify risks, and mitigate potential 
adverse impacts in our operations and value chain, we 
have set an ambition to conduct human rights impact 
assessments (HRIAs) in the 10 highest-risk countries 
in which we operate by 2025. Our HRIAs are carried 
out by independent expert organizations and follow a 
formal process aligned with the UNGPs. They result in 
tailored action plans, which we monitor and report on.

Our efforts to safeguard and promote human 
rights underlie many of the activities and 
programs described throughout this report. A 
dedicated cross-functional team at our central 
operations coordinates our approach.

208

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

This umbrella approach is grounded in the UNGPs and centered on four pillars:

• Remediation: We implement measures aimed at 

addressing adverse impacts and maximizing 
opportunities to drive positive change for people 
across our value chain. We seek to collaborate with 
civil society organizations, governments, and the 
private sector on initiatives to design and deploy 
strong and impactful solutions. 

• Transparency: A complex global value chain brings 

potential human rights risks that we need to 
understand, manage, and continuously address. 
Transparency on our progress and challenges 
through our annual reporting and targeted 
communications is key to our approach.

• A sound policy framework: Our work is governed 
by PMI’s Commitment to Human Rights, which is 
complemented by other PMI policy instruments 
such as our Guidebook for Success, Responsible 
Sourcing Principles, Good Agricultural Practices, 
Marketing Codes, and internal policies such as our 
Workplace Integrity Policy. Together, these 
mechanisms guide the implementation of PMI’s 
Commitment to Human Rights along our value 
chain. Awareness-raising and training help us embed 
those instruments and an ethos of respect for 
human rights within our corporate culture.

• Rigorous due diligence: We have robust programs 

and processes in place to identify our adverse 
impacts across our value chain. These include our 
company-wide integrated risk assessment, human 
rights saliency mappings, and HRIAs. We also deploy 
targeted due diligence programs focused on areas of 
potential risk, such as in our tobacco and electronics 
supply chains, as well as external assessments and 
verifications.

Policy  
framework

Transparency

Focus on  
rights-holders

Due diligence

Remediation

209

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Moving forward, we will increase our reach by 
translating the modules into additional languages.

In addition, we hosted tailored training sessions 
for the executive teams in our Middle East & 
Africa Region to raise awareness of human rights 
risks there and address them proactively.

Identifying human rights risks in  
our electronics supply chain

Following the refresh of our global human 
rights saliency mapping in 2020 (see details in 
our 2020 Integrated Report), we undertook 
an analysis of our electronics supply chain, 
which we completed in early 2021.

In collaboration with Article One, who are leading 
advisers in the business and human rights arena, 
we mapped and prioritized salient human rights 
risks for our extended electronics supply chain, 
which includes our electronics manufacturing 
services and mechanical and electrical components. 
This assessment validated some of our existing 
assumptions around potential risks and surfaced 
new ones that were less apparent to us. These 
ranged from working hours and wage-related risks 
in the subcontracted services supply chain, to the 
responsible sourcing of minerals, metals, and plastics.

We then assessed our current risk-mitigation 
instruments and mechanisms and benchmarked 
them against international standards and 
other industry practices. This allowed us to 
develop recommendations to strengthen our 
risk identification and response and further 
build our capacity to address salient risks.

The exercise demonstrated that our visibility and risk 
management was robust at the tier 1 and tier 2 supply 
chain levels, as well as for specific minerals—such as 
cobalt and tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (3TGs)—
at the tier 3 level and beyond. It highlighted PMI’s 
potential to influence human rights performance 
through direct engagement and capacity-building 
activities, as well as through the continued integration 
of circularity and social responsibility principles in our 
product development processes. This exercise also 
affirmed that our visibility into the upstream plastics 
supply chain and subcontracted services contracted 
by our tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers remains limited. 
Accordingly, this is an area of opportunity for PMI to 
use its leverage to advance respect for human rights 
further upstream in the electronics supply chain.

Conducting human rights impact  
assessments in our highest-risk markets

A critical component of our due diligence framework 
is having independent expert organizations carry 
out HRIAs in our highest-risk markets in accordance 
with the UNGPs. After each assessment, the third-
party organization presents its findings and suggests 
ways to address issues identified. The report is 
shared with the corresponding market leadership 
team, which develops a time-bound action plan in 
collaboration with the relevant corporate function, 
assigning responsibilities for implementation 
and progress measurement at the local level. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

The cumulative learnings from each HRIA we 
have conducted since 2018—along with the 
monitoring of their action plan implementation—
help us to become more demanding, professional, 
and sophisticated in our approach. We aim to 
assess our 10 highest-risk markets by 2025.

Throughout 2021, we continued monitoring 
the implementation of actions recommended 
by previous HRIAs in Mexico, Mozambique, 
Russia, and the Philippines. The local teams 
are strengthening their internal policies and 
practices as they execute their action plans. 

The completion of a second HRIA planned for 2021, 
in Malaysia, had to be postponed to 2022. Because of 
the COVID-19 pandemic and related precautions, the 
exercise is now designed to be conducted virtually. 

This has necessitated pre-assessment trainings and 
capacity building to ensure our local colleagues are 
sufficiently familiar with the concept and purpose 
of the assessments. Involving our local teams in 
the HRIAs is essential to maximize the value these 
assessments bring both to the market and to the 
rest of our organization. Each HRIA informs the 
way we operate and inspires adjustments to ensure 
the protection and promotion of human rights.

The HRIA in Malaysia will incorporate potential 
human rights risks resulting from our downstream 
supply chain for the first time, including some of our 
IQOS retailers. We kicked off the HRIA in September 
2021 and plan to communicate findings in our next 
report. Future assessments will be conducted in 
person once the public health situation allows it.

Target

10

5

4

2

2019

2020

2021

2025

C A S E   S T U D Y

Assessing human rights  
impacts in the tobacco supply  
chain in Turkey

In 2021, we conducted our fifth HRIA since 2018.  
Aiming to maintain our leadership in promoting  
and protecting human rights, we took a collaborative 
approach by engaging in a multistakeholder tobacco  
leaf supply chain assessment in Turkey. This unique  
industry-wide initiative seeks to better address 
human rights issues on the ground by identifying 
synergies between stakeholders. 

a Read more in our case study

210

211

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Empowering our low- and medium-risk 
countries to assess human rights impacts

Exploring climate justice—the intersection  
of human rights and climate change

Manage our supply chain sustainably

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

To ensure all countries are assessed, not just those 
at highest risk, we piloted a new type of HRIA 
process and toolkit in 2021 aimed at enabling our 
medium- and low-risk country affiliates to self-
identify salient human rights risks in their markets 
and develop action plans to address them.

The tool was piloted in our Benelux market 
(Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg), with 
a focus on identifying human rights risks before 
they could have a significant adverse impact. 
The Benelux team developed a practical action 
plan with short-term objectives that allowed 
it to meet and exceed evolving standards and 
stakeholder expectations across all three markets.

Our affiliate in Mexico also participated in the 
pilot phase of the human rights self-assessments. 
This exercise had a two-fold objective: To account 
for potential risks related to the pandemic and to 
evaluate the status and progress of the action plan 
implementation following the 2018 HRIA (read 
more here). The self-assessment in 2021 confirmed 
that we had strengthened our practices across all 
areas identified in 2018. Moreover, engagement 
with external and internal stakeholders shed light 
on the need to focus on three additional topics: 
(1) protecting employees’ work–life balance 
while working from home; (2) promoting equal 
conditions for women and men, considering 
that women are often responsible for childcare; 
and (3) supporting employees’ mental health.

We will fine-tune our self-assessment toolkit 
with learnings from these pilots prior to rolling it 
out more broadly in the second half of 2022.

We recognize that climate change impacts not just 
the environment but also people’s economic and 
social well-being. Climate change has exacerbated 
human rights issues and disproportionately affects 
the most vulnerable people around the world. In 
2021, we commissioned a briefing paper (available 
here), prepared by our human rights advisers Article 
One, to explore where and how the issues of climate 
change and human rights intersect in the agricultural 
supply chain. This is an essential step in developing 
coherent and inclusive strategies across our supply 
chain to help mitigate the impacts of climate change.

Grievance mechanisms

Providing access to effective grievance mechanisms 
in our operations and across our supply chain 
is a key requirement of the UNGPs and a core 
element of our due diligence approach.

Internally, we maintain clear policies, run regular 
training, and work to ensure that robust processes 
are in place to encourage employees to speak up 
if things don’t seem right or can be improved (read 
more here). The same applies to our supply chain, 
where our Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP) 
specifically ask suppliers to provide their workers 
with easily accessible ways to raise concerns, 
free from risk of retaliation. In our tobacco supply 
chain, our Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP) Code 
states: “Workers should have access to a fair, 
transparent, and anonymous grievance mechanism.” 
Such mechanisms are available in some countries 
where we source tobacco and concerns can 
be raised with field technicians at any time.

We continue to review and look for opportunities 
to strengthen further the grievance mechanisms 
that exist in our operations and value chain.

Looking ahead

We remain committed to respecting and promoting human rights across our value chain. In 2022, we plan  
to review our Commitment to Human Rights to identify potential opportunities to strengthen it. We will also 
translate our human rights e-learning into additional languages spoken at PMI to roll it out further across our 
organization. We plan to complete our HRIA in Malaysia, expanding it to assess downstream impacts, and we 
expect to conduct an HRIA in one additional market in 2022. In addition, we will fine-tune our human rights 
self-assessment tool and plan to deploy it in several markets during the year. We will analyze the recommendations 
generated by the human rights saliency mapping of our electronics supply chain and leverage our Responsible 
Business Alliance (RBA) membership to address suppliers’ RBA audit findings and other areas of improvement.

Our supply chain accounts for a 
significant portion of our potential social 
and environmental risks and impacts, 
which we are committed to identifying, 
managing, and addressing responsibly.

Our operations rely on securing high-quality, cost-
effective, and fit-for-use materials and services 
from suppliers who are expected to adhere to 
PMI’s environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 
requirements. In addition to strengthening regulatory 
compliance and preventing reputational risks, 
responsible supply chain management enhances 
our resilience and supports our ability to secure 
the resources needed to deliver on our company 
purpose. At the same time, it acts as a lever to make 
tangible positive contributions to environmental 
and social issues. We seek to actively engage with 
our suppliers to minimize our social and ecological 
footprint, and we strongly believe we can bring 
positive value to those with whom we collaborate.

Our approach

We aim to purchase goods and services from 
suppliers at best value, commensurate with business 
requirements, while appropriately managing supply, 
financial, legal, quality, and sustainability requirements. 
We seek continuously to identify and address current 
and potential risks while also seizing opportunities to 
create a positive impact in the communities in which 
we and our suppliers operate, thereby increasing 
the sustainability performance of our supply chain. 
We work with suppliers and contracted tobacco 
farmers to achieve a solid economic performance and 
tangible environmental and social improvements.

Our approach to sustainable supply chain 
management is built on the following core principles:

• Proactive engagement is key to fostering open and 
transparent relationships with our suppliers in which 
expertise is shared and built together.

• We take a risk-based approach, deploying tailored 
tools and interventions and prioritizing areas in 
which we can have the greatest impact.

• We seek to support our suppliers in continuously 
improving their sustainability performance and 
achieving the highest standards of compliance.

• We leverage our reach and understanding of our 

supply base to implement impactful programs and 
accelerate progress in our sustainability corridors, 
such as our efforts to tackle climate change, protect 
nature, and promote fair working conditions.

Our supply chain sustainability strategy is grounded 
in our Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP), which 
align with the UN Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights (UNGPs), the Ten Principles 
of the UN Global Compact, and International 
Labour Organization (ILO) Conventions. The RSP, 
together with its corresponding Implementation 
Guidance, detail our ambitions and set process 
and performance standards for our suppliers of 
materials and services, from the direct materials 
used in manufacturing our products to the goods 
and services required to run our business. 

We expect all our suppliers—and in particular our 
critical suppliers—to demonstrate high sustainability 
performance and compliance with the expectations 
of our RSP and Good Agricultural Practices 
(GAP). And we have set a commitment to source 
sustainably from all our critical suppliers by 2025. 

Adherence to our RSP—and GAP for our tobacco 
supply chain—is built into our contractual agreements 
with suppliers. We monitor the activities of our critical 
suppliers through a suite of tools, including third-
party assessments, on-site audits, and field visits.

212

213

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021We apply tailored due diligence instruments and 
mechanisms within specific segments of our supply 
chain. In our tobacco supply chain, our work is 
governed by GAP and our Agricultural Labor Practices 
(ALP) Code, which are operationalized at farm level 
by field technicians working year-round with the 
farmers contracted by PMI and our suppliers. 

Our Procurement organization leverages the work 
of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA)—the 
parent organization of the Responsible Minerals 
Initiative (RMI)—in our non-tobacco supply chain 
and of EcoVadis in our direct materials, indirect 
materials and services, technical procurement, 
and advanced procurement supply chains. 

Our RBA membership and EcoVadis 
partnership allow us to operationalize and 
implement due diligence in these complex and 
dynamic segments of our supply chain.

2021 Supply chain spend

The sustainable sourcing of goods and services 
involves a broad cross-functional collaboration within 
PMI, driven by our Procurement and Leaf teams and 
overseen by our Senior Vice President, Operations.

Overview of our supply  
chain in 2021

With over 29,000 tier 1 suppliers across more than 
180 markets, our supply chain spend amounted 
to approximately USD 11.1 billion in 2021.

Our global supply chain is organized into two main 
streams—direct spend (focused on materials used in 
the manufacture of our finished products) and indirect 
spend (focused on goods and services necessary 
to operate our business)—and seven categories:

D i r e c t spend
4 1%

59 %
Indirect  s p e

d

n

DIRECT SPEND

Tobacco leaf  
sourced from approximately 254,000 
contracted farmers across 21 countries

Direct materials  
used to produce and package our 
products (e.g., cellulose acetate tow for 
cigarette filters, paperboard for packaging, 
and nontobacco agricultural products 
such as menthol and guar gum)

Electronic devices  
and accessories for heated tobacco 
and vapor products

Advanced procurement  
to establish capabilities and supply sources 
to support PMI’s innovation pipeline

INDIRECT SPEND

Technical procurement 
to source the manufacturing 
equipment used in our factories

R&D expenditure  
enabling us to conduct advanced 
research (e.g., by acquiring clinical trials 
services and laboratory equipment)

Indirect materials and services  
necessary to run our business, such as IT, 
office equipment, and consulting services

41%

11%

19%

10%

1%

59%

4%

2%

53%

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Over the years, the management of our supply 
chain has proven sufficiently robust, flexible, and 
efficient to support our operations’ evolving needs 
and PMI’s business transformation. Currently, our 
global supply chain supports our two main finished 
product streams, with a continued increase in the 
proportion of resources allocated to smoke-free 
products versus combustible cigarettes (smoke-free 
products accounted for 35 percent of our supply 
chain spend in 2021, up from 33 percent in 2020).

From a sustainability standpoint, the supply 
chain categories exposed to the highest risks 
pertain to our direct spend and include:

• Tobacco production across Africa, Asia, and 

South America, with the main risks in the areas 
of working conditions, child labor, climate 
change, access to water, and the socioeconomic 
well-being of farming communities

• Electronics manufacturing, with the main 

risks relating to working conditions 

• Paper and pulp-based materials, with 
the main risks linked to deforestation, 
biodiversity loss, and climate change.

During the year, the supply of direct materials has 
been under pressure due to high demand for primary 
commodities, a global transportation shortage, 
congestion, and cost inflation, mainly driven by energy 
prices. Thanks to robust business contingency plans 
and the efforts of our Operations team, we have been 
able to manage shortages to ensure stable production 
in our manufacturing centers. We have also expanded 
our supply base to secure additional supplies and 
mitigate the impact of inflation. Regrettably, the 
prolonged impact of the global semiconductor 
shortage limited our ability to realize the full potential 
of IQOS development and growth in 2021.

Monitoring the sustainability 
performance of our critical 
suppliers

Increasing the visibility of our suppliers’ sustainability 
performance and implementing risk mitigation 
and performance improvement measures 
are priorities. In recent years, we have taken 
critical steps to achieve and deploy tailored due 
diligence instruments across our direct materials, 
electronics, and tobacco supply chains.

Our efforts have translated into significant progress 
toward our 2025 ambition: During 2021, 83 percent 
of our critical supplier spend was sourced sustainably. 
Sustainable sourcing is determined based on a 
minimum threshold score of 45 out of 100 in EcoVadis 
(for suppliers of direct materials) or 125 out of 200 in 
RBA (for electronics suppliers); all tobacco purchased 
from contracted farmers under the integrated 
production system is considered to be sustainable.

Critical suppliers are those that manufacture 
or sell components used in the manufacture of 
PMI finished products (including direct materials, 
electronic devices and accessories, and tobacco 
leaf). In addition to the nature of the component, 
supplier’s criticality is evaluated considering spend 
segmentation, as well as supply flexibility, as relevant.

Direct materials supply chain

To strengthen our approach in 2021 further, 
Procurement successfully transitioned our 
nonelectronics supplier due diligence program to 
EcoVadis, the leading global service provider of 
online ESG supplier assessments. This partnership 
allows PMI to access a vast number of suppliers’ 
ESG scorecards commissioned by EcoVadis users 
(leading global companies across industries).

During the year, 87 suppliers representing 90 
percent of our total direct material spend (excluding 
tobacco and electronics) were assessed. Of them, 
82 percent demonstrated a high sustainability 
performance and compliance with our RSP, 18 
percent were below the compliance level and 
required to complete a corrective action plan 
before doing a reassessment in 2022, and only 
one supplier will require an on-site audit to be 
conducted in 2022. The areas for improvement 
mainly related to labor and human rights, followed by 
environment, ethics, and sustainable procurement.

214

215

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021The fact-based and detailed EcoVadis supplier 
evaluations help drive continuous improvement in the 
areas highlighted. These assessments are available on 
the EcoVadis digital platform, which allows seamless 
sharing among all supplier and customer participants, 
creating an effective collaboration ecosystem. To 
address the identified improvement opportunities, 
we plan to launch supplier corrective action plans in 
2022. This will be followed by reassessments and on-
site audits for suppliers that have more gaps to bridge.

In 2021, we also leveraged EcoVadis’ broad reach 
and existing supplier base to assess the sustainability 
performance of strategic noncritical suppliers in 
other procurement categories of spend, including 
indirect materials and services and technical 
procurement. This allowed us to evaluate suppliers 
representing 22 percent of our indirect spend.

Overview of our electronics supply chain

As our company continues to transform 
and build new capabilities, we monitor risks 
inherent to specific supply chains. A key area 
of focus is our relatively new and expanding 
electronics manufacturing supply base in 
Asia. The electronics supply chain is complex 
and dynamic and faces specific challenges, 
including the presence of conflict minerals. 

Sustainability performance is an integral part 
of our balanced supplier program, which 
consolidates financial and nonfinancial performance 
metrics and is used in regular management 
reviews for business decision-making. 

Electronics supply chain

In January 2021, we reached a major milestone: 
joining the RBA, the electronics industry initiative 
for sustainable supply chains. During our first year 
of membership, we were able to leverage RBA’s 
best-in-class methodologies and tools, including 
members’ audit reports, to enhance significantly 
the evaluation and performance of our suppliers. 
To increase their knowledge of best industrial 
practices and use of RBA tools, we engaged new 
suppliers in the RBA online training platform.

It covers tier 1 suppliers and PMI-managed tier 2 
suppliers. By recognizing their progress, PMI and 
suppliers can motivate other companies within 
the supply chain to improve performance. 

To enhance our understanding of the challenges 
we face, we teamed with Article One to 
conduct a human rights risks saliency mapping 
focused on our electronics supply chain. Read 
more in our human rights section here.

TIER 1

TIER 2

TIER 3+

Electronics 
Manufacturing  
(“EMS”)

Component 
Manufacturing

Trading, Refining, 
Smeltering, and 
Processing

Mining and  
Extraction

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We also participated in RBA’s Validated Assessment 
Program (VAP)—the standard for on-site 
compliance verification and effective, shareable 
audits. Under the program, independent external 
auditors reviewed our electronics suppliers’ 
sustainability performance against our RSP. In all, 
the RBA digital platform afforded us access to 31 
RBA VAP audit reports covering tier 1 and tier 2 
suppliers representing 69 percent of our managed 
electronics supply chain spend. The initial average 
VAP audit score of our suppliers was 160 out of 
200 compared with an RBA average of 127.

In 2022, we aim to achieve higher spend 
coverage of the RBA audit program to monitor 
PMI-managed suppliers and ensure concrete 
corrective actions are in place where needed.

Conflict minerals
In certain conflict-affected and high-risk parts 
of the world, four minerals used in consumer 
goods—tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (3TGs)—
are sometimes mined using forced labor and used 
to finance armed conflict. As a result, they have 
become known as “conflict minerals.” Companies 
are expected to demonstrate how they respect 
human rights and avoid contributing to conflict in 
their mineral-purchasing decisions and practices. 

Our 2021 conflict minerals submission to the U.S. 
Securities and Exchange Commission, covering the 
year ended December 31, 2020, showed that the 
smelters from which our suppliers source 3TGs for 
our Covered Products (as defined in the submission) 
were either conformant with the Responsible Minerals 
Initiative audit program (244 smelters) or were 
undergoing the assessment process (12 smelters).

Another mineral, cobalt, is also linked to 
unethical mining practices. It is a critical raw 
material in the production of the batteries 
used in our smoke-free products. 

While the quantities of cobalt required for our 
products are minor compared with the total global 
market size, since 2019 we have deployed a due 
diligence program based on the RMI approach and 
tools to identify and address potential human rights 
risks in the supply chains of our suppliers. In 2021, 
all our battery suppliers fulfilled specific reporting 
requirements, including furnishing information on 
the smelters from which they source cobalt. 

Subsequent due diligence deploying additional RMI 
tools indicated that, as of December 31, 2021, each 
of the 15 smelters from which PMI battery suppliers 
source cobalt were on either RMI’s conformant 
list (11 smelters) or active list (4 smelters).

Tobacco supply chain

PMI defines sustainable tobacco production 
as the efficient and competitive production of 
quality tobacco in conditions that limit as much as 
possible the impact on the natural environment 
and improve the socioeconomic condition of the 
people and communities involved in its production.

PMI’s Good Agricultural Practices
In our tobacco supply chain, production adheres to 
our GAP, which define the principles and measurable 
standards to be met by all those who grow and 
supply tobacco to PMI. GAP focuses on four areas: 
governance, crop, environment, and people. The 
latter is governed by a dedicated ALP Code. 

GAP is mandatory for all suppliers of tobacco to 
PMI and is reflected in the supply contracts of PMI 
and its affiliates. Whether we source tobacco from 
farmers directly or through third-party suppliers, 
our GAP standards and related monitoring and 
remediation system apply at farm level. The absence 
of a clear commitment to act on issues identified, 
or a persistent lack of action and improvement, can 
lead to contractual implications for both farmers and 
suppliers. PMI also reserves the right to terminate 
contracts immediately in cases of severe violations 
impacting people, the crop, or the environment.

216

217

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview of our tobacco supply chain in 2021

As a consequence of our smoke-free transition, 
the share of our purchased volume of tobacco 
directed to the manufacture of combustible 
cigarettes is steadily declining while the 
proportion dedicated to the production of 
consumables for heated tobacco products is 
increasing. Overall, we are seeing a gradual 
decrease in total volumes sourced, as heated 
tobacco products use at most half the amount 
of tobacco required for combustible cigarettes.

In 2021, we sourced tobacco from 253,813 farmers. 
These farmers were contracted either directly 
through our Leaf operations in five countries

or by 16 third-party suppliers. Under our Living 
Income program (read more here), we aim to 
help farmers improve productivity, which may 
include increasing the average surface of tobacco 
grown per farm. Coupled with inventories 
corrections and the gradual decrease in our 
tobacco requirements, these dynamics led to 
a sizeable decline in the number of farmers 
contracted in 2021 compared with 2020.

During the year, we sourced over 291,000 
tons of packed tobacco grown across 21 
countries, with most of our volume coming 
from Argentina, Brazil, China, and Indonesia.

PMI

G A P & 
R S P

5 PMI leaf  
operations
22% of volume  
purchased

G A P & 
R S P

16 third-party  
leaf suppliers
78% of volume  
purchased

2,530

G A P

Field technicians support and  
monitor GAP implementation

G A P

12,400 

Farmers  
contracted  
by PMI

253,813

Total tobacco farmers  
committed to applying  
GAP

241,413

Farmers contracted  
via third-party  
suppliers

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Maintaining full traceability and monitoring  
in our tobacco supply chain
To a large extent, responsible sourcing stems from 
strong relationships on the ground. PMI’s Integrated 
Production System (IPS) connects leaf suppliers 
and farmers beyond the customary boundaries 
of a commercial relationship and enables direct 
technical support, agronomic advice, financial 
loans, and various other services. IPS covered 98 
percent of our tobacco purchases in 2021. The 
excluded purchases took place in Indonesia, where 
an increase in tobacco demand prompted additional 
purchases, and in Pakistan, where the gGovernment 
mandated the purchase of nonallocated surplus 
volume to absorb unpurchased tobacco left in 
the market after the buying season was over. 

Sustainable Tobacco Program 

Since 2016, we have participated in the industry-
wide Sustainable Tobacco Program (STP) as an 
additional way to evaluate our tobacco supplier 
performance. In 2021, in light of the status and 
maturity of our programs and the high ambitions 
we have set to advance socioeconomic conditions 
in our tobacco supply chain invited us to reflect 
on what was needed for us to continue making 
progress. This led us to make the decision to 
end our participation in the STP as of the end 
of 2021. This will allow us to better target our 
resources and efforts to address the most critical 
challenges we face. We remain dedicated to 
working closely with our suppliers—who also work 
with other tobacco manufacturers—to implement 
meaningful programs. Moreover, we will continue 
to work directly with other industry players 
when appropriate to address shared challenges, 
such as through joint human rights impact 
assessments (as we did in Turkey this year, for 
instance; read more here) and targeted projects. 

IPS is vital in providing traceability and visibility 
in our supply base; it enables the deployment of 
our GAP and ALP monitoring and remediation 
system down to the farm level. At the center of 
this system are field technicians, employed by PMI 
or our third-party suppliers, who visit each farm 
on average five to 10 times during the crop season 
and monitor how well sustainability requirements 
are applied and commercial processes are working. 
They provide agronomic assistance, deliver training 
to farmers, identify and address labor issues, and 
ensure the implementation of improvement plans.

In 2021, field technicians allowed us to monitor 
compliance with GAP on all contracted farms. 
In a few countries facing stringent pandemic-
related restrictions, farm visits were adapted 
and remote support was offered as needed.

The monitoring of GAP implementation can also be 
performed by third parties, such as specialized NGOs. 
During the year, we expanded our collaboration in 
Brazil with Produzindo Certo, a specialist company 
helping farmers operate more efficiently and 
sustainably. After a successful pilot carried out in 
2020 with the participation of 123 farmers (read more 
in our 2020 Integrated Report), we extended the 
scope of the program in 2021 to cover nearly 2,300 
farmers. Specialists from Produzindo Certo provided 
each farmer a social and environmental diagnosis of 
their farm, as well as tailored action plans highlighting 
opportunities for growth and development. Those 
farmers who commit to adopting the action plan and 
implementing its recommendations will be visited 
annually by Produzindo Certo technicians, who will 
provide assistance and monitor progress over time. 
The feedback received so far from the farmers has 
been very positive. They recognize that following 
the recommendations of this team of specialists will 
better prepare them for the future, making their farms 
more sustainable, productive, and fully compliant 
with market demands and local legislation. In 2022, 
the work continues. Philip Morris Brazil has set 
an ambitious target to expand the program to the 
neighboring states of Paraná and Santa Catarina, 
covering 100 percent of the affiliate’s farmer base.

218

219

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Fostering collaboration  
with our network of suppliers

We need to engage and influence a large number 
of suppliers—companies with different strategies, 
priorities, and cultures—to onboard them on our 
sustainability journey and jointly commit to and 
deliver on our ambitions. Such partnerships are 
crucial to sustainability, innovation, and growth, 
allowing us to accelerate progress. To strengthen and 
broaden these partnerships, we seek continuously 
to improve our collaborations with these suppliers 
and our knowledge of their operations. 

A dedicated section of our corporate website 
describes our company, goals, and purpose to 
current and potential suppliers, reinforcing the 
expectations we have regarding our RSP.

To increase awareness of sustainability in our supply 
chain, share learnings, and maximize impact, we host 
virtual events, webcasts, and training sessions with 
strategic suppliers globally. These events cover both 
general and specific topics, from supplier onboarding 
and our due diligence platforms to our carbon 
footprint reduction targets, science-based targets, 
and partnering on our Zero Deforestation Manifesto.

In 2021, for the second consecutive year, we 
organized a Global Supplier Recognition ceremony, 
during which we honored those suppliers 
that demonstrated excellent performance 
and contributed most to PMI’s goals. 

For the fifth consecutive year, CDP placed PMI 
on the CDP Supplier Engagement Leaderboard 
in recognition of our efforts and progress in 
engaging our suppliers in tackling climate change. 

Looking ahead

In 2022, we plan to review and update our 
Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP) to ensure 
they stay relevant for PMI’s evolving business 
landscape and supply chain, align with our 
latest sustainability materiality assessment, and 
incorporate ESG megatrends such as diversity 
and inclusion, biodiversity, and climate change.

We also intend to expand our partnerships 
with EcoVadis and RBA and will consider 
adopting additional tools.

We will continue to use our due diligence tools 
to assess the performance of our suppliers 
and support them in making progress toward 
more sustainable practices. PMI’s preferred 
global auditing companies, which have been 
vetted to ensure they meet the highest level 
of competence and integrity, will conduct 
on-site audits of those suppliers of direct 
materials who did not demonstrate satisfactory 
compliance with our RSP in 2021. 

Suppliers that did not achieve a sufficient 
EcoVadis score will be required to run corrective 
action plans. If a reassessment shows these 
plans did not lead to an improvement of the 
supplier score, our global auditing partners will 
complete an on-site audit on our behalf.

Further, we will work with businesses, partners, 
and multistakeholder platforms to pave the way 
toward greater transparency in key ESG areas 
and improve performance. Our supply chain 
represents a large share of our environmental and 
social impacts, so we must work with suppliers to 
ensure they also improve their performance. In 
particular, we will seek to gain better visibility on 
workers’ income levels in our supply chain in order 
to develop a meaningful ambition to foster living 
wages, as well as on the adoption of stringent 
science-based targets to tackle climate change.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Safeguard privacy and protect data

We also maintain a popular hub of resources on 
information security awareness, which is accessible 
to all employees and contractors. These resources 
not only focus on good security practices to protect 
user accounts and data from cyber risk, but also 
help our team remain vigilant to the indirect risks 
that can arise from activities like online shopping or 
connecting to wireless networks. To support our 
employees working remotely, we have adapted our 
network and systems and have released guidance to 
help remote workers to secure internet connections 
and manage paper documents outside our offices.

PMI has a sophisticated and integrated program to 
manage cyber risks, to protect PMI’s data, and to 
safeguard the privacy of consumers and customers.

In today’s data-driven world, data protection 
and cybersecurity are key. At PMI, we use an 
array of state-of-the-art security solutions 
that are supported by experts to help 
prevent, detect, and respond to events. 

Together with our Guidebook for Success, internal 
policies and guidelines govern our activities. They 
provide our company with clear guidelines on 
how to tackle our everyday work in a manner 
that is consistent with our values. In particular, 
PMI’s global policy on data privacy sets a standard 
for privacy governance and accountability.

PMI’s Global Privacy Program (GPP) sets 
standards for data privacy and security across 
markets and functions. It governs the collection, 
processing, and sharing of personal data by PMI 
affiliates. Our privacy team regularly reports to 
PMI’s Corporate Risk Governance Committee 
on the business’ adherence to the GPP.

We use information systems to help manage 
business processes, and collect and interpret data. 
We also use these to communicate internally and 
externally with employees, suppliers, consumers, 
and customers. Specialist third-party service 
providers manage some of our information systems 
and we work with internal specialists to protect 
systems and data from unauthorized access.

Employees and contractors play a fundamental 
role in protecting data. By being aware of potential 
threats and reacting to them appropriately, our 
community can help keep PMI secure. In 2021, 
we provided our workforce with renewed training 
to assist everyone with identifying and reacting 
to key cyber threats such as phishing and social 
engineering attempts. We complement our training 
with regular simulated phishing campaigns addressed 
to our entire workforce to help everyone to practice 
recognizing and reporting phishing attempts and 
to identify any weaknesses in advance of any 
real attempts that the business might face. 

220

221

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Apply fair fiscal practices

To achieve the common goal of a safe, 
functional, and prosperous society, 
governments worldwide must have 
the financial resources to fund public 
goods, services, and infrastructure.

Corporate income tax and other taxes can generate 
necessary revenues and avoid passing the bill for 
funding today’s society to future generations. Taxes 
can also ensure that societal costs are reflected 
in a product’s price—for instance, in the case of 
fossil fuels and combustible tobacco products—
thereby encouraging consumers and producers of 
these products to shift to less harmful options. 

PMI is a good corporate citizen everywhere 
we operate. Paying taxes commensurate 
with our economic activities is not only our 
duty but the responsible thing to do and 
a key component of our social contract in 
every country in which we do business.

The table below provides an overview of the 
2021 corporate income tax, excise taxes, VAT, and 
sales taxes reported by PMI and its affiliates in the 
countries where we operate. In addition to the 
taxes reported by PMI legal entities, our importers 
or distributors in many countries are responsible 
for paying import duties and excise taxes on our 
products. Though such payments may not appear 
in PMI’s financial statements, they represent a 
portion of the product taxes paid by our consumers 
worldwide and so are also included in the table below.

PMI has implemented governance arrangements 
that set out clear accountabilities for the 
management of tax compliance risks and 
tax planning. We maintain a comprehensive, 
effective, and practical risk management program 
with shared best practices, a structured and 
documented control framework, appropriate 
planning, and coordinated decision-making.

2021 taxes

Corporate income tax

Total excise taxes on PMI products

• 

• 

Excise taxes on PMI products reported by PMI affiliates

Excise taxes reported by our importers and distributors

VAT and sales tax

Total  
(USD billion)

2.7

76.8

50.8

26.0

9.0

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Our mandatory practices encompass:

• Roles and responsibilities: Clear definitions of roles 

and responsibilities are formalized in each PMI 
affiliate per PMI’s Tax Compliance Program.

• Escalation to and involvement of the PMI Tax 

department: In accordance with PMI’s policies, PMI 
affiliates consult with the PMI Tax department on all 
important transactions, whether recurring or new, 
as well as on business structures or operations with 
other PMI affiliates or unrelated parties, and 
together determine positions, exposures, or actions 
regarding material, non-routine tax, or customs 
matters. Where there is sufficient uncertainty over 
the tax treatment of a particular transaction or a 
potentially significant impact, PMI obtains external 
advice.

• Tax reporting and procedures: PMI’s Tax Standards 
and Guidelines are designed to ensure that effective 
and predictable tax compliance and control 
measures are in place. Under these policies, all tax 
filing obligations must be accurately completed on a 
timely basis and in accordance with applicable laws 
and regulations.

• Documentation and tax records: Under PMI’s 
policies, PMI affiliates are responsible for the 
appropriate creation and retention of all relevant 
local tax records.

PMI very much supports the work of the 
Organisation for Economic Co-operation and 
Development (OECD) and Group of Twenty (G20) 
to prevent tax base erosion and profit shifting. 
PMI’s policies and practices ensure that we pay 
taxes commensurate with our economic activities 
and substance in each country. We do not engage 
in aggressive tax planning, abuse tax havens, or 
have in place any contrived tax structures. We 
also do not operate “letter box” companies. 

PMI conducts all intercompany transactions 
on an arm’s-length basis, in accordance with 
current OECD principles, and we support greater 
transparency between taxpayers and tax authorities. 
When it is relevant and feasible, we have upfront 
conversations with tax authorities in the countries 
where we operate. In certain instances, we obtain 
tax rulings to provide a higher level of certainty 
not just for PMI, but also for the tax authorities. 

However, such rulings are not the only means of 
securing transparency and certainty. For example, 
in several countries, we have joined monitoring 
programs with tax authorities. These programs 
promote ongoing and transparent relations 
between taxpayers and tax authorities. 

222

223

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Prevent illicit trade

Eliminating illicit trade is a long-
standing priority for PMI. 

Illicit trade—including possible contraband and 
counterfeit smoke-free consumables and electronic 
devices—is often associated with organized crime, 
corruption, and human rights abuses. It exacerbates 
inequality, fuels crime, increasingly serves as a vehicle 
to launder money through sophisticated trade-based 
schemes, and even funds terrorism. It also diminishes 
government revenues, which potentially impedes 
sustainable development by lowering spending on 
public services and civil infrastructure. Illicit trade 
is prevalent in the tobacco sector, with 10 to 12 
percent of cigarettes smoked worldwide estimated 
to be illicit, causing governments to lose USD 40 
to 50 billion in tax revenue each year. Illicit trade 
also has serious consequences for the consumers 
who purchase these products, particularly due to 
low-quality standards, unknown composition, and 
the lack of reliability of counterfeit products.

To succeed in our mission of delivering a smoke-
free future, we must ensure there are no illegal 
actors sustaining a black market for cigarettes 
and other tobacco products. In a smoke-free 
future, there should be no place for illicit trade.

You can learn more about our efforts 
in this area on our dedicated illicit trade 
prevention page on PMI.com.

Our approach

To combat fakes and prevent the smuggling and 
counterfeiting of our products, we focus our 
efforts on securing our supply chain and leveraging 
technology and innovation to protect our products. 
These internal efforts are coupled with strong 
cross-sectoral collaboration. Illicit trade is a high-
profit, low-risk crime that needs to be tackled by 
public–private coalitions able and willing to drive 
change. We support the objectives and principles 
of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco 
Control (FCTC) Protocol to Eliminate Illicit Trade in 
Tobacco Products because we believe that effective 
regulation is fundamental to achieving progress.

For several years, we have successfully applied 
a risk-based approach to prevent and fight the 
diversion of our products. PMI’s Anti-Diversion 
Governance Committee, which includes senior 
executives from the Finance (central and regions), 
Risk & Controls, Law, Ethics & Compliance, 
Commercial, and External Affairs functions, has 
corporate oversight on diversion risk prevention 
for our products. We also have a dedicated global 
team of specialists in illicit trade prevention (ITP).

Progress in 2021

In 2021, we pursued the enhancement of our set 
of anti-diversion measures and controls, which are 
deployed in 20 markets identified as high risk for 
illicit trade. We continued expanding the coverage of 
our tracking and tracing processes and technologies 
reaching 140 countries and several factories, covering 
new fulfillment centers and reverse logistics hubs. 
We collaborated with partners such as the Munich 
Security Conference, the International Institute for 
Strategic Studies, the OECD Task Force on Countering 
Illicit Trade (TF-CIT) and the BIAC Expert Group on 
Anti-Illicit Trade, the Italian Institute for International 
Political Studies, and Rome MED-Mediterranean 
Dialogues, as well as with nonprofit organizations 
such as Concordia, to tackle systemic issues. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We also continued to support law enforcement 
agencies by inspecting and authenticating seized 
products, performing illicit products forensic 
evaluation and profiling, sharing intelligence on 
emerging routes and trends shaping the black 
market, and training officials on the innovative 
authentication and security features we use to 
protect our products. As new technologies emerge, 
we make it a priority to understand how we can 
leverage them to eliminate fakes and the contraband 
of our products, further secure our supply chain, 
and deter illegal actors from deceiving consumers. 

A focus on our smoke-free products 

As our portfolio shifts toward smoke-free products, 
we are incorporating into our internal product 
standards illicit trade prevention requirements to 
protect our smoke-free devices and consumables. 
These requirements may include both visible 
and invisible elements on the device or critical 
components and tamper-proof security features.

In addition to product standards, we include strict 
provisions in our contracts (e.g., anti-diversion and 
anti-counterfeiting clauses with our distributors and 
suppliers) and robustly controlled reverse logistics 
processes for our electronics products based on 
centralized inspection and recycling. We embed 
product authentication checks in critical processes 
such as in-market product return and consumer 
care processes, as well as at the PMI reverse 
logistics hubs (CIRCLE), allowing us to identify 
suspected counterfeit devices and remove them 
from the supply chain. As we launch smoke-free 
products in additional geographies, our global ITP 
experts provide training to relevant markets to raise 
awareness of diversion and counterfeiting risks.

PMI IMPACT

We also support and fund external organizations 
through our PMI IMPACT global initiative, launched 
in 2016. By sponsoring third-party projects aimed 
at addressing illegal trade, we are fostering and 
mobilizing a network of like-minded organizations 
and institutions around this global issue. 

In 2021, PMI IMPACT launched its third funding 
round. The new round, which will close its call for 
submissions in August 2022, is focused on a wide 
range of topics, including capacity building, restorative 
justice and victim protection, and international 
cooperation. We also launched a video series in 
2021 explaining the scale and issue of illicit trade, 
highlighting the role PMI IMPACT plays in this 
fight, and raising the profile of selected grantees. 

To date, PMI IMPACT has allocated a combined 
USD 48 million for the implementation of 
60 projects in 30 countries as part of the 
initiative’s first and second funding rounds.

Looking ahead

Three pillars need to thrive in 2022: public–
private partnerships to ensure sustainable 
solutions, technological innovation as 
a disruptor of criminal operations, and 
enforcement that imposes concrete penalties 
against those involved in illicit activities. We 
need to work tirelessly to change perceptions 
and show the real-life consequences of 
illicit trade because we are not just talking 
about an intellectual property or a tax 
evasion issue: Illicit trade harms consumers, 
destabilizes communities, and poses a 
broader threat to peace and security.

Alvise Giustiniani, Vice President, Illicit Trade Prevention 

a You can learn more about our  

efforts in 2021 on PMI.com

224

225

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We maintain

R E P O R T I N G   A N D 
P E R F O R M A N C E

About this report  

Performance in ESG ratings,  
rankings, and indices 

228

229 

 Forward-looking and  
cautionary statements

Glossary of terms and acronyms  248

252  

253

 Performance metrics  

232

Notes  

 Independent assurance report  245 

PLACEHOLDER IMAGES

226

227

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021About this report

We are pleased to share our 2021 Integrated 
Report, which follows our 2020 Integrated 
Report (published in May 2021) and constitutes 
our seventh consecutive annual disclosure 
incorporating ESG content. This report 
describes our company’s progress in delivering 
on its purpose.

The report content is shaped by a formal sustainability 
materiality assessment conducted in 2021, which 
incorporates an assessment of our company’s impacts 
on society and the planet, an evaluation of the 
potential impact of various ESG factors on our 
enterprise value, and the perspectives of diverse 
stakeholder groups. We have structured our ESG 
topics around two pillars: product impact and 
operational impact. Those topics pertaining to the 
social impacts of our products are considered most 
material. These and other material ESG topics form 
the basis of our strategy, which is organized into eight 
environmental and social priorities and nine related 
governance factors. This report provides information 
on context, relevance, management approach, targets, 
performance, and outlook for our strategic priorities. 
It is complemented by case studies and additional 
materials available on PMI.com.

Unless otherwise indicated, the data and information 
in this report cover our operations worldwide for the 
full calendar year 2021 or reflect the status as of 
December 31, 2021. Unless explicitly stated, the data 
and information in this report do not incorporate 
acquisitions made by PMI during 2021 of Fertin 
Pharma A/S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic, Inc. 
Where not specified, data come from PMI financials, 
nonfinancials, or estimates. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers SA (PwC) has provided 
independent assurance on select Business 
Transformation Metrics, available on pages 35 and 
232-233. For more details, see the Independent 
Assurance Report on page 245. SGS has provided 
external verification of our environmental and health 
and safety data (including our 2021 GHG emissions 
data). The verification statements are available on 
PMI.com. 

This report was completed with oversight from PMI’s 
Board of Directors and reviewed by its Executive 
Chairman, as well as by all members of our 
Sustainability Committee—composed of Company 
Management members, including our Chief Executive 
Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Senior Vice 
President and General Counsel. Additional 
information about our sustainability work, including 
previous reports and policies, is available in the 
Sustainability Resources area of PMI.com.

We welcome your feedback and suggestions. 
Please contact us at sustainability@pmi.com. 

Aligning our disclosures with reporting standards and frameworks

This report has been prepared in accordance with 
the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: 
Core Option. Our 2021 GRI Index is available 
on PMI.com. We consider the principles and 
standards of the UN Global Compact (UNGC) when 
compiling our annual integrated report and map 
them against GRI indicators in our GRI Index. Our 
SDG Index describes how our work and ambitions 
align with the UN SDGs at the Target level.

of the Agricultural Products, Hardware, and 
Medical Equipment and Supplies standards.

Finally, this report addresses some of the 
recommendations of the Task Force on 
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). 
Our reporting to CDP covers most of the 
remainder of these recommendations, and we 
seek greater alignment each reporting year.

We take into account guidance from the Value 
Reporting Foundation (VRF), including use of its 
SASB Standards, Integrated Thinking Principles, 
and Integrated Reporting Framework. Our 
SASB Index maps content within this report 
and other available disclosures aligned with 
the Tobacco Standard, as well as with aspects 

While we considered the World Economic Forum 
(WEF/IBC) Core ESG metrics during preparation 
of this report, we did not include a separate 
index this year to avoid overlap in disclosures 
and in anticipation of its consolidation within the 
International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) 
recently convened by the IFRS Foundation Trustees.

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Performance in ESG ratings,  
rankings, and indices

At PMI, we understand the value of participating in 
ESG ratings: It helps us assess our sustainability 
performance, benchmark ourselves against our peers, 
and, most importantly, identify areas for improvement. 

We prioritize our participation in ESG ratings that are 
most useful to us and our stakeholders, based on:

• The credibility of the methodology and our ability to 

interpret and use the results

• Recognition of the rating among the investor 
community, as well as participation by our 
competitors and peers

• Its value as a learning opportunity, including a 

sufficient feedback loop to allow us to improve over 
time

• Resources required, which should not undermine 

our company’s focus on performance improvement

• The organization’s openness to dialogue, allowing us 

to understand expectations and results, share 
knowledge, correct factual inaccuracies, and provide 
input on ratings enhancements.

S&P Global 
Corporate 
Sustainability 
Assessment

Sustainalytics

PMI was selected for the second year in a row as a member 
of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America and 
improved its corporate sustainability assessment score by 
9 points versus 2020 (score as of January 21, 2022).

PMI maintained its “Medium ESG Risk” classification, 
improving its score to achieve an ESG Risk Rating of 22.9 (a 
Sustainalytics score of zero out of 100 represents the lowest 
ESG risk; score as of October 6, 2021).

MSCI

PMI maintained a rating of BBB in the MSCI ESG Rating 
assessment (score as of September 22, 2021).

CDP Climate, 
Forest, Water 
Security

PMI was awarded a Triple A score for the second consecutive 
year in recognition of its efforts to combat climate change, 
protect forests, and promote water security.

2021 score (and year-
on-year trend)

83/100

22.9

BBB

AAA

CDP Supplier 
Engagement

PMI earned a place on CDP’s Supplier Engagement 
Leaderboard for the fifth consecutive year.

Leaderboard

Bloomberg 
Gender-Equality 
Index

PMI was included for the second year in a row in the 
Bloomberg Gender-Equality Index (GEI) for its transparency 
in gender reporting and advancing women’s equity.

S&P ESG 
Evaluation

PMI scored 60/100, based on its ESG Profile Score (57/100) 
and Preparedness Opinion (“Adequate”). The former is based 
on entity-specific scores and sector/region scores (score as of 
May 13, 2021; report available here).

Tobacco  
Transformation 
Index

PMI ranked second out of 15 tobacco companies assessed, 
leading the industry in the “Strategy and Management” 
category (2020 ranking—assessment is conducted every two 
years)

ISS-oekom

“C” score, achieving industry leadership (2019 score; 
assessment is expected to be updated in 2022).

State Street 
R-Factor

Outperformer within the tobacco industry; industry average 
score of 57 (score as of March 1, 2022).

Index 
member

60/100

2.36/5

C

65

228

229

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Memberships and alliances

SwissBiz
4Nature

Taskforce on Nature-related 
Financial Disclosures

Investors and other financial stakeholders place an increasing value on reliable, robust, 
and timely measures of ESG performance. While ESG ratings can play an important 
role, their inherent limitations and the desire to take a more sophisticated approach on 
par with financial analysis means they are but one part of the input dataset for many 
institutional investors. Through this integrated report, and the ever-strengthening 
processes and initiatives that underpin it, we aim to provide a holistic and extensive 
view of our performance across the most material ESG issues for our business. This is 
well-demonstrated by our new Sustainability Index, which meaningfully aligns ESG 
performance with internal and external incentives.

James Bushnell, Investor Relations and Financial Communications

Business transformation–linked financing framework

In 2021, PMI published its Business Transformation–Linked Financing Framework, which integrates the company’s 
smoke-free transformation into its financing strategy. The KPIs selected for the framework directly measure and 
respond to the focus of PMI’s sustainability and corporate strategy and the company’s most material sustainability 
topic: , which integrates the company’s smoke-free transformation into its financing strategy. The KPIs selected for 
the framework directly measure and respond to the focus of PMI’s sustainability and corporate strategy and the 
company’s most material sustainability topic: Addressing the health impact of its products.  

PMI’s financing framework is aligned with the five core components of the 
Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital  
Market Association (ICMA) in June 2020.

It also takes into account the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles,  
published by the Loan Market Association (LMA) in May 2021.

The framework was validated by S&P Global Ratings, which provided a second-party 
opinion (SPO). The SPO recognized the chosen KPIs and related sustainability 
performance targets (SPTs) as material, measurable, ambitious, regularly reported, 
and externally verified—in line with both the ICMA and LMA principles.

A business transformation-linked financing instrument was issued  
in September 2021.

Revolving credit facility

USD 2.5 billion 
a Read more here

Other recognitions

WBCSD Reporting Matters

PMI’s Integrated Report 2020 
was included among the top 
ten reports globally according 
to the 2021 Reporting Matters 
publication by the World 
Business Council for Sustainable 
Development (WBCSD).

Global Top Employer

PMI has been certified by 
the Top Employers Institute 
as a Global Top Employer 
for the fifth year in a row.

DJSI Yearbook

PMI was included in S&P Global’s 
2022 Sustainability Yearbook, 
receiving two sustainability 
awards: Global Silver Class and 
Industry Mover.

Equal salary

PMI is globally EQUAL-SALARY 
certified. The certification 
verifies that organizations have 
sustainable policies and practices 
to ensure that they pay their 
male and female employees 
equally for equal work.

230

231

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Performance metrics

PRODUCT IMPACT

Business Transformation Metrics

D
&
R

Adjusted R&D expenditure (in millions USD)¹*
Adjusted R&D expenditure ratio (smoke-free/
total)¹*
Number of R&D positions (FTEs)²
Patents granted in IP5 jurisdictions relating to 
smoke-free products (cumulative, since 2015)³
Number of studies completed by PMI on smoke-
free products (cumulative, since 2015):
Toxicological assessment

• 
•  Clinical assessment 

Perception and behavior (premarket and post-
market)

s Supply chain direct spend expenditure ratio 

n
o
ti
a
r
e
p
O
&
g
n
i
c
r
u
o
S

n
o
ti
a
z
i
l

a
i
c
r
e
m
m
o
C

(smoke-free/total)⁴
Cumulative investment behind smoke-free 
products (since 2008, in billions USD)⁵
Number of factories producing smoke-free 
products out of total number of factories⁶*

Year-on-year change in number of SKUs—
combustible products⁷
Year-on-year change in number of SKUs—smoke-
free products⁷
SKUs ratio (smoke-free/total)
Number of markets where smoke-free products are 
available for sale⁸*
Proportion of markets where smoke-free products 
are available that are low- and middle-income 
markets⁹*
Number of IQOS stores¹⁰
Number of retailers that sell PMI smoke-free 
product consumables (in thousands)
Commercial (marketing) expenditure ratio (smoke-
free/total)*
Smoke-free product shipment volume (billion units)*
Combustible product shipment volume (billion 
units)*
Change in combustible product shipment volume 
vs. 2015 baseline¹¹*
Smoke-free product shipment ratio (smoke-free/
total)¹¹*

SI

Indicators included in PMI Sustainability Index

s
r
e
m
u
s
n
o
C

s
e
u
n
e
v
e
R

2025 
Aspirations

2019

465
98%

942
740

2020

495
99%

934
1,300

2021

566
99%

981
1,770

109
19

203
24
13 (9 + 4) 30 (15 + 15) 44 (25 + 19)

146
22

35%

7.2

33%

8.1

35%

9.2

2015 
Baseline

423
70%

n/a
n/a

n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a

2.4

2 out of 48

8 out of 38

8 out of 39

8 out of 38

n/a

n/a

3%
7

33%

n/a
n/a

8%

1
881

n/a

(6%)

26%

10%
52

35%

199
679

71%

60
732

(5%)

38%

14%
64

41%

259
748

76%

76
654

3%

42%

18%
71

43%

274
812

73%

95
650

100 SI

>50% SI

>250
<550

(17.0%)

(25.8%)

(26.3%)

~(40%)

0.1%

7.6%

10.4%

12.8%

>30% SI

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Business Transformation Metrics continued

Total number of users of PMI smoke-free products 
(in millions)¹²*
Estimated number of users who have switched to 
PMI smoke-free products and stopped smoking 
(in millions)¹²*

2015 
Baseline

0.2

0.1

2019

13.5

9.6

2020

18.3

13.0

2021

21.7

15.3

2025 
Aspirations

SI

>40

Adjusted net revenues ratio (smoke-free/total)¹³*

0.2%

Number of markets where adjusted net revenues 
from smoke-free products exceed 10% of adjusted 
total net revenues¹³*
Number of markets where adjusted net revenues 
from smoke-free products exceed 50% of adjusted 
total net revenues¹³*
Annual net revenue from wellness and healthcare 
products (in billion USD)

0

0

n/a

* 

The 2021 metrics marked with an asterisk (*) are subject to PwC’s Assurance 
Report (see page 245).

7 

Notes: 

Smoke-free products include heated tobacco units, e-cigarettes, snus, and nicotine 
pouches. Total products include smoke-free products, cigarettes, and other 
combustible products

In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, 
reasonable, and achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke-free 
industry. See page 248.

1  R&D expenditure in wellness and healthcare is included in both smoke-free and 

total R&D expenditures. Adjusted R&D expenditure excludes asset acquisition 
cost related to OtiTopic, Inc. in 2021. Total reported R&D expenditure in 2021 
including these items amounted to USD 617 million.

2  R&D positions include scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff. 

Comparable data for years prior to 2018 are not available as the scope of R&D 
positions changed following company organizational changes.
IP5 jurisdictions are Europe (patents granted by the European Patent Office), 
China, South Korea, Japan, and the U.S.

3 

4  Direct spend focuses on materials used in the manufacture of our products; it 
includes tobacco leaf, direct materials, and electronic devices and accessories.
Investments reflect research, product and commercial development, 
production capacity, scientific substantiation, and studies on adult smoker 
understanding. Figure does not include commercial deployment costs.

5 

6  Data reflect the number of factories operated and owned by PMI at the end of 

the respective year. Number of factories fully or partially dedicated to 
smoke-free products includes seven factories related to heated tobacco unit 
production and one factory related to e-vapor consumables production. 2021 
figures exclude one factory dedicated to wellness and healthcare products 
owned by Fertin.

Responsible marketing and sales practices

18.7%

31

23.8%

38

4

n/a

6

n/a

29.1%

>50% SI

47

10

0.1

≥1

“SKUs” stands for stock-keeping units. References to the number of SKUs are 
based on the latest available data and categorization of our product portfolio 
into SKUs, therefore a minor restatement in previous years’ data is reflected. 
The figures exclude China and the U.S. Note: As part of maintaining share in 
combustibles, remaining competitive on product range in line with consumer 
preferences best positions us to retain access to adult smokers and increase 
our capability to switch them to smoke-free products.

8  Data reflect status by the end of respective year. 2021 data exclude Belarus 

and the U.S.

9  Excluding PMI Duty Free. Data reflect status by the end of respective year. 

2021 data exclude Belarus and the U.S. For definition of low- and 
middle-income markets, see glossary. 

10  Includes flagship stores and small, large, and temporary boutiques.
11  These indicators are calculated based on millions of units.
12  These metrics are excluding PMI Duty Free and reflect the estimated number 
of legal age (minimum 18 years) users of PMI IQOS heat-not-burn product (see 
glossary). In 2021, we evolved our methodology to estimate the total number 
of users of PMI smoke-free products, in order to better reflect the number of 
users for which PMI HTU represented at least a portion of their daily tobacco 
consumption over the past seven days. 2020 data was restated accordingly. 
Unavailability of sufficiently granular data did not enable us to restate figures 
for years prior to 2020. We also fine-tuned our methodology to estimate the 
number of users who have switched to PMI smoke-free products and stopped 
smoking, in order to reflect the conversion rate of our total user base at 
year-end, and restated 2020 data accordingly.

13  Data reflect the status by the end of the respective year. 2021 adjusted net 

revenues exclude the impact related to the Saudi Arabia customs assessments. 
2021 revenues from wellness and healthcare (USD 101 million) are included in 
both smoke-free and total adjusted net revenues. See glossary.

Total number of people (PMI employees and third parties) who 
participated in at least one Marketing Codes-related training 
session¹

•  Number of PMI employees
•  Number of third parties

Number of violations of the Marketing Codes resulting in 
substantiated cases of misconduct
Breakdown by type of disciplinary actions as a result of violations 
of the Marketing Codes:

Termination of employment
Suspension

• 
• 
•  Verbal warning or counseling
•  Written warning

Proportion of shipment volume covered by markets with youth 
access prevention programs in place in indirect retail channels²

2019

n/a

2020

n/a

2021

70,011

Goals

n/a
n/a
42

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a
n/a
29

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a
94%

22,774
47,237
13

15%
8%
62%
15%
91%

>90% 
(ongoing)

SI

1 

Indicator introduced in 2021, replacing the indicator “number of compliance training sessions conducted on PMI’s Marketing Code,” following the release of new 
Marketing Codes. 

2  Total shipment volume includes cigarettes, heated tobacco units, other tobacco products, and e-cigarettes. In 2021, we evolved our minimum requirements for effective 

youth access prevention (YAP) programs in indirect retail channels.

232

233

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
Reduce post-consumer waste

OPER ATIONAL IMPACT

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

tt
u
b
e
tt
e
r
a
g
C

i

g
n
i
r
e
tt

i
l

Proportion of shipment volumes covered by markets with 
anti-littering program in place for combustible cigarettes¹
Number of affiliates participating in World Cleanup Day
Number of affiliates with anti-littering strategy
Number of anti-littering initiatives conducted

l

s
e
b
a
m
u
s
n
o
c
d
n
a
s
e
c
i
v
e
d
e
e
r
f
-
e
k
o
m
S

i

g
n
g
a
k
c
a
P

Proportion of PMI smoke-free devices with eco-design 
certification²
Cumulative number of smoke-free electronic devices refreshed or 
repaired since 2021 (in thousands)³
Volume of shredded materials coming from dismantled devices in 
the CIRCLE hubs (in tons)
Effective recycling rate IQOS devices⁴

Proportion of IQOS device sales volume covered by the CIRCLE 
program
Recycling rate of IQOS devices at the CIRCLE hubs (weighted 
average)⁵
Proportion of shipment volume covered by markets with end of 
life take-back programs in place for smoke-free consumables⁶

Proportion of packaging material that is recyclable

Proportion of packaging material that is renewable

Total weight or volume of materials that are used to package PMI’s 
primary products in tons (percent renewable/percent non-
renewable)
Reduction of packaging materials used versus 2018 baseline⁷ 

2019

n/a

31
31
54

n/a

n/a

150

29%

39%

74%

n/a

94%

89%

n/a

2020

n/a

n/a
47
33

n/a

n/a

191

40%

48%

84%

n/a

94%

89%

n/a

1%

5%

2021

n/a

53
46
53

n/a

62

178

53%

63%

86%

n/a

95%

90%

427,597 
(89.7% / 
10.3%)
8%

Goals

≥80% by 
2025

SI

100% by 
2025
>1 million 
by 2025

SI

SI

70% by 
2023, 80% 
by 2025
100% by 
2025
80% 
(ongoing)
≥80 % by 
2025

100% by 
2025
95% by 
2025

SI

15% by 
2025

1 

In 2021 we defined the minimum criteria which must be met by each market to be considered as having an anti-littering program in place. We will begin reporting progress on this 
new indicator in 2022.

2  Our aspiration is to have eco-design certifications for all smoke-free devices which are launched as of the end of 2025. Given the long-term nature of this aspiration, we have 

developed internal metrics based on key milestones that will allow us to track our progress in the interim years leading up to our 2025 aspiration. 

3  For the definition of refreshed or repaired devices, see glossary.
4 

In 2021, the effective recycling rate is calculated as the actual recycling rate in Hungary and Japan, multiplied by the IMS coverage of these hubs plus the theoretical recycling rate 
in the newly established Russian hub, multiplied by the IMS coverage of the Russian market.

5  Recycling rate: percentage of the weight of each device that is recycled, weighted-average depending on device type and processing facility (includes 78% recycling, 

8% incineration with energy recovery). 2021 data cover CIRCLE hubs in Hungary and Japan.
In 2021 we defined the minimum criteria which must be met by each market to be considered as having a take-back program in place. We will begin reporting progress on this 
new indicator in 2022. 
Includes portfolio/volume mix and inventory movement. Includes shipping cases.

6 

7 

Foster an empowered and inclusive workplace

i

g
n
k
r
o
w

r
i
a
F

s Number of PMI employees

i

n
o
ti
d
n
o
c

Number of PMI full-time equivalent (FTE) positions
Proportion of employees covered by Collective Labor Agreements
Total number of countries with Collective Labor Agreements

y Employee overall turnover rate¹

t
i
l
i

l

b
a
y
o
p
m
e
d
n
a

,

n
o
ti
n
e
t
e
r

,

n
o
ti
c
a
r
tt
a
t
n
e
a
T

l

y
t
e
f
a
s
d
n
a
h
t
l
a
e
h
e
e
y
o
p
m
E

l

Women employee overall turnover rate¹
Employee voluntary turnover rate¹
Proportion of open positions filled in with internal candidates
Number of newly hired employees
Spend for learning per FTE (in USD) total
Average hours of training spend per FTE
Proportion of PMI employees who have access to structured 
lifelong learning offers²
Proportion of employees covered by performance review¹,³
Employee Net Promoter Score⁴

Lost time incident (LTI) rate per 200,000 hours worked—PMI 
employees, contracted employees, and contractors⁵
LTI rate per 200,000 hours worked—PMI employees and 
contracted employees
LTI rate per 200,000 hours worked—contractors
Integrated total recordable incidents rate (iTRIR) per 200,000 
hours worked—PMI employees, contracted employees, and 
contractors
TRIR per 200,000 hours worked—PMI employees
TRIR per 200,000 hours worked—contracted employees
TRIR per 200,000 hours worked—contractors
Number of fatalities – PMI employees, contracted employees, and 
contractors⁶ 
Number of fatalities—members of the public
Occupational illness frequency rate (OIFR) per 200,000 hours 
worked—PMI and contracted employees
Collision rate within PMI’s fleet of vehicles per year (collisions per 
million km driven)
Proportion of PMI fleet equipped with telematics⁷
Proportion of manufacturing facilities with ISO 45001 
certification⁸

2019

73,542
71,795
63.3 %
35

13.6%
14.4%
5.1%
n/a
9,020
513
15
n/a

79%
16

0.14

0.12

0.23
0.22

0.20
0.17
0.32
1

10
0.000

0.87

n/a
98%

Goals

>70% by 
2025

SI

 ≥30 
(ongoing)

<0.3 
(ongoing)

2020

70,849
70,560
62.1 %
34

9.7%
9.7%
3.1%
21%
5,835
551
11
n/a

93%
33

0.08

0.07

0.12
0.12

0.11
0.06
0.16
2

2021

68,547
67,291
61.1 %
34

12.0%
9.4%
4.7%
18%
8,381
506
17
n/a

92%
35

0.05

0.06

0.05
0.09

0.09
0.07
0.10
1

5
0.000

2
0.001

0.53

0.44

35%
100%

47%
100%

 <0.65 
(ongoing)

100% 
(ongoing)

SI

Indicators included in PMI Sustainability Index

234

235

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Foster an empowered and inclusive workplace continued

PMI’s workforce at year-end 2021

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

i

g
n
e
b
-
l
l

e
w
d
n
a

,

n
o
i
s
u
c
n

l

i

,

y
t
i
s
r
e
v
D

i

Number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by gender

Women employed on a permanent contract
Women employed on a temporary contract
Men employed on a permanent contract
Men employed on a temporary contract

Number of employees by employment contract (permanent and temporary), by Region

Employees on a permanent contract in European Union region
Employees on a temporary contract in European Union region
Employees on a permanent contract in Middle East & Africa region, including PMI Duty Free
Employees on a temporary contract in Middle East & Africa region, including PMI Duty Free
Employees on a permanent contract in Eastern Europe region
Employees on a temporary contract in Eastern Europe region
Employees on a permanent contract in South & Southeast Asia region
Employees on a temporary contract in South & Southeast Asia region
Employees on a permanent contract in East Asia & Australia region
Employees on a temporary contract in East Asia & Australia region
Employees on a permanent contract in Americas (including U.S.)
Employees on a permanent contract in Americas (including U.S.)

Number of employees by employment type (full-time and part-time), by gender

Women employed on a full-time contract
Women employed on a part-time contract
Men employed on a full-time contract
Men employed on a part-time contract

Note: All data as of December 31, 2021. Presentation of information and data aligns with guidance of GRI standard 102-8 (2016).

2021

27,759
1,183
37,819
1,786

18,295
1,622
3,009
123
6,423
161
26,866
454
3,948
120
7,037
489

27,822
517
38,994
211

Proportion of women in PMI’s workforce¹
Proportion of management positions held by women¹,⁹,¹⁰

Proportion of women employees at different managerial levels:¹,⁹,¹⁰

•  Managers
•  Directors
• 

Senior leaders

Proportion of women in senior roles¹,⁹,¹⁰

2019

41.7%
36.6%

38.0%
31.4%
17.6%
29.5%

2020

41.8 %
37.7%

39.3%
31.0%
20.2%
29.6%

2021

42.2%
39.7%

41.4%
32.0%
25.3%
31.1%

Goals

≥40% by 
2022

35% by 
2025, 32% 
by 2023 

SI

Proportion of new hires in management positions that are 
women¹,⁹,¹⁰
Proportion of new hires at junior levels that are women¹,⁹

40.7%

38.7%

44.7%

41.0%

40.3%

40.7%

Proportion of new hires that are women¹,⁹
Proportion of promotions to management positions that are 
women¹,⁹
Proportion of women on PMI’s Company Management¹⁰,¹¹
Proportion of women on PMI’s Board of Directors¹²
Mean gender pay gap¹³
Proportion of employees at different age groups:

Below 25
Between 25 and 34
Between 35 and 54

• 
• 
• 
•  Above 55

Proportion of women in STEM-related positions¹⁴
Proportion of women in management positions in revenue-
generating functions¹⁵
Number of nationalities among PMI’s employees
Number of markets with access to local LGBTQ+ networks 
(local chapters of STRIPES employee resource group)
Employee self-assessment psychological well-being measure¹⁶

41.0%
40.7%

8.0%
25.0%
34.3%

5.0%
29.0%
62.0%
4.0%
36.7%
32.3%

128
27

n/a

40.1%
45.0%

16.0%
15.0%
33.1%

4.0%
29.0%
62.0%
4.0%
36.0%
33.4%

131
28

57%

41.3%
47.6%

16.7%
23.1%
33.5%

4.2%
29.0%
62.7%
4.1%
37.4%
35.7%

133
29

61%

Note: The 2021 indicators in the above table are calculated based on 68,547 PMI employees, which excludes PMI 2021 acquisitions in wellness and healthcare. Incorporating 
2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma A/S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic Inc. PMI employed approximately 69,600 people worldwide at year-end.

Select 2021 health and safety metrics are subject to external verification by SGS (see the External Verification Statement here).

In 2021 we updated our methodology to expand scope and cover employees on long-term leave (over 30 calendar days); we have restated historical data accordingly.

1 
2  We will begin reporting progress on this new indicator in 2022.
3  2021 data based on a total of 55,276 employees maintained in PMI’s central HR system.
4  We measure the engagement of our workforce using the employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS), following a methodology similar to that which we use to measure 

consumer engagement. The score can range from -100 to +100. 
5  For definition of contracted employee and contractor, see glossary. 
6  PMI employees and contracted employees: 1 fatality in 2021; contractors: zero fatalities in 2021.
7  Scope covers PMI’s working tool cars (representing 75% of PMI’s total fleet).
8  Scope covers manufacturing facilities producing more than 3 billion cigarette equivalents annually.
9  Our gender diversity data cover around 95% of PMI’s total workforce.
10  For definitions of managers, directors, and senior leaders see glossary.
11  Data as of March 11, 2022 (24 Company Management members, of whom 4 were women). See PMI Annual Report 2021 for further details.
12  Data as of March 25, 2022 (13 members of PMI’s Board of Directors, of whom 3 were women). See PMI 2022 Proxy Statement for further details.
13  The mean gender pay gap is calculated as the percentage difference between the sum of annual base salary, bonus, and stock options.
14  This figure is an estimate based on the total headcount within functions where the primary skills required for employees in their daily responsibilities related to science, 

technology, engineering, or mathematics.

15  Employees holding management roles in revenue-generating functions (i.e., functions responsible for core business objectives or profit and loss).
16  The indicator represents the percentage of employees who responded “good” or “very good” to the question “How would you rate your current psychological or 

emotional well-being at present?” in our regular employee listening survey. The indicator was updated based on new information available, so a slight shift in previous 
years’ data is reflected.

SI

Indicators included in PMI Sustainability Index

236

237

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
Improve the quality of life of people in our supply chain

Preserve nature

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Proportion of contracted tobacco farms for which labor practices 
have been systematically monitored (adherence to PMI’s ALP)
Total number of prompt actions recorded by field technicians
Proportion due to safe working environment
Proportion due to hazardous work performed by children
Proportion due to income and working hours
Proportion due to other ALP Principles
Total number of ALP prompt actions resolved
Number of terminated contracts due to ALP violations (per crop 
season)

• 
• 
• 
• 

Proportion of contracted farmers supplying tobacco to PMI who 
make a living income¹
Proportion of contracted farmers in tobacco supply chain covered 
by monitoring on wages
Proportion of farmers paying their workers at least the minimum 
legal wage or agricultural benchmark
Number of ALP prompt actions recorded by field technicians 
relating to non-payment of minimum wage to farmworkers

2019

92%

14,440
73%
19%
8%
<1%
8,137
641

n/a

93%

n/a

2020

93%

14,751
73%
16%
11%
<1%
10,772
1,794

48%

93%

65%

2021

94%

9,918
76%
11%
13%
<1%
8,540
875

67%

91%

95%

1,158

1,541

1,154

Prevalence of child labor in PMI's tobacco supply chain²

n/a

3.5%

Number of ALP prompt actions recorded by field technicians 
relating to child labor³

2,712

2,352

Goals

>90% 
(ongoing)

100% by 
2025

SI

100% by 
2022

Zero by 
2025

SI

•  Hazardous tasks⁴
•  Under 13 working⁵
•  Under 15 hired

Proportion of ALP prompt actions recorded by field technicians 
relating to child labor that were resolved

Proportion of contracted farmers who have access to water⁶

Proportion of farmers and farmworkers having access to personal 
protective equipment
Proportion of tobacco farmworkers provided with safe and 
adequate accommodation⁷

2,712
n/a
n/a
88%

n/a

99%

80%

1.8%

1,175

1,121
38
16
99%

2,285
64
3
75%

n/a

87%

100%

100%

100%

100%

100% by 
2025
100% 
(ongoing)
100% 
(ongoing)

)

P
L
A

(
s
e
c
ti
c
a
r
P
r
o
b
a
L

l

a
r
u
t
l
u
c
i
r
g
A

s
l
e
v
e

l

e
m
o
c
n
I

n
o
ti
n
e
v
e
r
p
r
o
b
a

l

d

l
i

h
C

i

g
n
e
b
-
l
l

e
W

Note: Our 2021 farm-level ALP monitoring data cover 20 out of the 21 countries from which we sourced in 2021; data exclude Switzerland, where we sourced from 
approximately 120 tobacco farmers in 2021. Read more here.

1  As we progress with the independent analysis, the percentage of farmers achieving a living income is currently based on a combination of external living income 

benchmarks, farmer income studies, and PMI internal data.
Includes all prompt actions raised and self-declared nonconformities reported for all contracted farms monitored for child labor. Read more here.

2 
3  The number of children estimated to be involved in these prompt actions is 1,609.
4 
5 
6  Estimated data based on surveys that indicated that the farmer has an improved source within 1 km. Data exclude China. 
7  Scope is limited to farmers that provide accommodation to workers (approximately 8% of the total farmer base in 2021).

Includes children of any age found to be involved in hazardous work.
Includes light work only.

Proportion of tobacco purchased at no risk of 
gross deforestation of primary and protected 
forests¹
Proportion of tobacco purchased at no risk of net 
deforestation of managed natural forest and no 
conversion of natural ecosystems¹
Total hectares of forest grown

t
s
e
r
o
F

•  Due to restoration of at-risk forest
•  Contribution to forest positive

Proportion of flue-cured tobacco purchased that 
is cured with renewable fuel sources (self-
sufficient firewood and biomass adoption)
Approximate total number of curing barns 
upgraded since 2014 (cumulative)
CDP Forest rating

Cubic meters of water optimized in our tobacco-
growing areas (cumulative since 2019)

r
e
t
a

W

Proportion of tobacco-growing areas which are 
covered by local water risk assessments 
(cumulative, since 2018)
Quantity of blue water used per ton of tobacco 
produced²
Total amount of water used (’000 m3)
Total amount of water consumed (withdrawn 
minus discharged) (’000 m3)
Total amount of water withdrawn (’000 m3)
Water ratio (water withdrawn in m3 per million 
units of cigarettes sold)³ 
CDP Water rating

y
t
i
s
r
e
v
d
o
B

i

i

Proportion of tobacco purchased without 
detection of residues attributable to the use of 
highly hazardous pesticides (HHPs), as defined by 
FAO and WHO guidelines in 2016⁴
Proportion of tobacco purchased without 
detection of residues attributable to the use of 
WHO TOX1 group of crop protection agents⁴

Scope

2019

97%

2020

100%

2021

100% 

n/a

n/a

37%

PMI tobacco 
supply chain

n/a
n/a
n/a
51%  
(36% + 15%)

n/a
n/a
n/a
67%  
(45% + 22%)

80,800

82,519

355
165
190
75%  
(44% + 
31%)
93,700

Goals

100% 
(ongoing)

100% by 
2025

SI

>70% 
(ongoing)

PMI value 
chain

A-

A

A

A

717

8,968

437,915

≥10 million 
cubic meters 
by 2030

36%

57%

66%

PMI tobacco 
supply chain

PMI factories

PMI value 
chain

PMI tobacco 
supply chain

330

307

339

138,200
1,883

115,009
1,619

133,674
1,481

4,008
3.9

3,375
3.5

A

A

97%

100%

3,120
2.6

A

n/a

100%

100%

n/a

Total amount of waste generated (in metric tons)

• 

Recycled

131,104
84.0%

119,750
85.5%

114,043
87.3%

Incinerated with energy recovery
Incinerated without energy recovery

• 
• 
•  Disposed to landfill⁵

Amount of hazardous waste generated

e
t
s
a

W

Incinerated with energy recovery
Recycled
Incinerated without energy recovery

• 
• 
• 
•  Disposed to landfill

PMI 
operations

11.6%
<1%
4.1%
1,486
49.0%
33.0%
10.0%
8.0%

11.4%
0.3%
2.8%
1,266
42.6%
37.6%
12.7%
7.1%

11.4%
0.3%
1.1%
1,057
57.3%
20.9%
13.5%
8.2%

<3.1 
(ongoing)
A

100% 
(ongoing)

100% 
(ongoing)

85% 
(ongoing)

<1%

SI

Indicators included in PMI Sustainability Index

238

239

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Preserve nature continued

t Manufacturing facilities certified to ISO 14001⁶
n
e
m
e
g
a
n
a
m

Number of environmental fines  
(and approximate amount in USD)⁷ 

l

a
t
n
e
m
n
o
r
i
v
n
E

Scope

2019

98

2020

100

2021

100

Goals

100

PMI factories

1  
(25,000) 

1  
(32,000)

2  
(48,000)

Note: Select 2021 waste- and water-related metrics for our manufacturing sites are subject to external verification by SGS (see the External Verification Statement here).

1  For definitions, please see PMI’s Zero Deforestation Manifesto.
2  Blue water refers to water used for irrigation, excluding rainfall. 
3  Water intensity is measured in cubic meters per million cigarettes produced equivalent. In 2021, we updated our methodology to account for the conversion factor of 

heated tobacco units to conventional cigarettes of 5:1 and have restated historical data accordingly.

4  The 2021 crop season data were not available at the time of the publication of PMI’s Integrated Report 2021.
5  Disposal to landfill includes sanitary waste, canteen waste, and waste mandated by authorities to be disposed of in landfill.
6  Scope: Manufacturing facilities producing more than three billion cigarette equivalents annually.
7  Fines above USD 10,000 (or equivalent in converted currency). 2021 figure is a provision for two administrative offenses related to failure to comply  

with water resource use permit and availability of financial guarantee in Portugal. In both cases, PMI has submitted its opposition.

SI

Indicators included in PMI Sustainability Index

240

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Tackle climate change

Total energy consumption in PMI factories, offices, and fleet 
(gigajoules)
Proportion of total energy consumed that is from renewable 
sources
Energy intensity (gigajoules per million cigarettes equivalent)¹
Fuel consumption from non-renewable sources (gigajoules)
Fuel consumption from renewable sources (gigajoules)
Total electricity consumed (MWh)²
Total electricity consumed that is from renewable sources (MWh)

I

M
P
n

i

n
o
ti
p
m
u
s
n
o
c
y
g
r
e
n
E

s
n
o
ti
a
r
e
p
o
t
c
e
r
i
d

Absolute CO2e scope 1 (metric tons)³
Absolute CO2e scope 2 (metric tons)³
Absolute CO2e scope 1+2 (metric tons)³

•  Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline

Carbon offsetting certificates (metric tons)⁴
Net CO2e scope 1+2 (metric tons)³

CO2e scope 1+2 intensity (kg per million cigarettes equivalent)¹
Scope 1+2—Manufacturing
Absolute CO2e scope 1+2 (metric tons) from manufacturing
Proportion of electricity used and purchased that is from 
renewable sources
Number of carbon-neutral factories
Scope 1—Fleet
Absolute CO2e scope 1 from fleet (metric tons)

•  Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline
CO2e emissions from fleet (kg CO2e per km driven)
Proportion of hybrid or electrical vehicles in our fleet

Absolute CO2e scope 3 (in thousands of metric tons)
•  Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline

CO2e scope 3 biogenic emissions (in thousands of metric tons)
Scope 3 – Tobacco supply chain
Absolute CO2e scope 3 (in thousands of metric tons) from tobacco 
supply chain

•  Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline

CO2e intensity reduction in tobacco curing versus 2019 baseline

Proportion of Virginia tobacco purchased cured with coal

Absolute CO2e scope 1+2+3 (in thousands of metric tons)

•  Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline

CO2e scope 1+2+3 intensity (kg per million cigarettes equivalent)³

• 

Reduction versus 2019 baseline

CDP Climate Change rating

2
+
1
e
p
o
c
S
–
s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
e
G
H
G

3
e
p
o
c
S
–
s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
e
G
H
G

–
s
n
o
i
s
s
i
m
e
G
H
G

3
+
2
+
1
e
p
o
c
S

2019

2020

2021

Goals

9,456,576

7,909,157

7,721,166

27%

29%

33%

11.95
5,819,072
128,967
959,723
623,940

10.83
4,733,193
91,680
832,292
621,620

10.37
4,541,721
123,033
865,166
674,903

397,210
158,672
555,882
n/a

1,242
554,640

322,633
90,366
412,999
26%

3,297
409,703

308,822
64,217
373,040
33%

16,128
356,911

702

556

501

50% by 
2030 (SBT)

Carbon 
neutrality 
by 2025

SI

394,447
72%

305,381
78%

1

2

267,783
81%

100% by 
2025
5 All by 2025

111,400
n/a
222
n/a

4,494
n/a

79,457
29%
216
5%

3,793
16%

78,018
30%
200
10%

3,748
17%

2,471

2,185

2,271

SI

25% by 
2025 
50% by 
2030 (SBT)

1,264

n/a

n/a

16%

5,050

n/a
6,381
n/a
A

909

28%

44%

11%

804

36%

64%

3%

4,206

4,122

17%
5,760
10%
A

18%
5,534
13%
A

50% by 
2030
75% by 
2025

Net zero 
by 2040

A

Note: Our inventory of GHG emissions (scope 1, 2, and 3) in 2021 is subject to external verification by SGS (see the External Verification Statement for scope 1+2 here and 
for scope 3 here).

Intensity is measured in CO2e per million shipped cigarette equivalent.

1 
2  Excludes electricity consumption from fleet.
3  Emissions from PMI-operated IQOS stores are excluded from scope 1+2 

emissions, as de minimis.

4  2021 figure includes carbon offsetting certificates purchased in our 

factories in Czech Republic, Lithuania, Mexico, Portugal, Switzerland, and 
our Operations Center in Switzerland.

5  For further details on Scope 3 calculation please see PMI Value Chain 

Methodology. In 2021, we reviewed our carbon footprint model, taking into 
account more primary data from suppliers and updating our methodology, 
leading to more accurate figures for our scope 3 emissions. We have 
restated our 2019 and 2020 data according to the new model. Other 
figures that include scope 3 emissions have also been restated.

241

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FUNDAMENTALS

Business integrity

Proportion of current employees who participated in training  
sessions pertaining to PMI’s Guidebook for Success¹ 
Total number of compliance training sessions completed by employees  
and third parties

• 
• 

Employees
Third parties

Total number of reports received involving compliance allegations and other 
concerns
Total number of cases closed

• 

Involving compliance allegations  
(unsubstantiated cases/substantiated cases)

•  Not involving compliance allegations

2019

n/a

2020

n/a

2021

71.3%

253,763

198,170

261,890

222,533
31,230
980

174,755
23,415
762

150,270
111,620
929

978
653 
(284/369)
325

767
431 
(198/233)
336

891
508 
(272/236)
383

Note: Training and cases are updated based on new information available, so a slight shift in previous years’ data is reflected.

1 

In 2021, we adjusted our methodology to exclude employees who are no longer employed by PMI as of December 31, 2021. As the basis for this year’s calculation is 
different, it is not comparable to last year’s reported number

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Managing our supply chain sustainably

l

a
t
o
T

Total number of suppliers¹
Total supply chain spend (in billions USD)²
Proportion of critical suppliers from whom PMI sources 
sustainably³

2019

>33,200
11.4
n/a

2020

>28,000
10.1
67%

2021

>29,000
11.1
83%

Goals

100% by 
2025

l

i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s
o
c
c
a
b
o
t
-
n
o
N

l

i

n
a
h
c
y
p
p
u
s
o
c
c
a
b
o
T

Total procurement spend (in billions USD)⁴
Number of critical suppliers⁵
Critical suppliers, expressed as a proportion of total procurement 
spend
Number of critical suppliers assessed in EcoVadis or Responsible 
Business Alliance (RBA)⁶ 
Number of critical suppliers identified as having significant actual 
or potential negative social impacts⁷
Number of critical suppliers identified as having significant actual 
or potential negative environmental impacts⁷
Direct Materials
Number of critical suppliers of direct materials assessed with EcoVadis
Proportion of critical spend on direct materials assessed with 
EcoVadis
Average total EcoVadis score for critical suppliers of direct 
materials⁸

•  Average score: Environment
•  Average score: Ethics
•  Average score: Social
•  Average score: Sustainable procurement

Electronics
Number of critical electronics suppliers assessed with RBA⁹
Number of site level RBA audits completed¹⁰

•  Average RBA score achieved by electronics suppliers 

• 

during site level audits
Percentage of electronic supply chain spend covered by 
these audits

Number of tier 2 electronic suppliers completing supplier-level 
self-assessment in RBA 

•  Of tier 2 electronics suppliers assessed at supplier level, 
the number of site level self-assessments completed

Number of tobacco farmers contracted by PMI and PMI tobacco 
suppliers
Proportion of tobacco purchased through direct contracts by PMI 
and PMI tobacco suppliers
Number of third-party tobacco suppliers with whom PMI has a 
direct contractual relationship¹¹
Number of PMI leaf operations that contract tobacco farmers 
directly
Number of countries where PMI sources tobacco from
Number of field technicians providing support to contracted 
farmers and monitoring the implementation of PMI’s Good 
Agricultural Practices (GAP) and Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP)

9.9
95
35%

8.9
154
35%

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a
n/a

n/a

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a
n/a

n/a

n/a
n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a
n/a
n/a

n/a

n/a

n/a

9.8
162
29%

104

15

16

87
90%

56.5

60.5
54.2
55.8
50.8

17
31
160

69%

21

43

335,000

285,898

253,813

96%

99%

98%

>90% 
(ongoing)

13

8

24
2,875

14

6

23
2,675

16

5

21
2,530

1  Suppliers refer to tier 1 suppliers (parent companies).
2  Total supply chain spend includes procurement spend and tobacco leaf 

3 

sourcing spend.
Indicator introduced in 2020. As of 2021, following the transition of our 
due diligence program, sustainable sourcing is determined based on a 
minimum threshold score of 45 out of 100 in EcoVadis (direct materials) or 
125 out of 200 in RBA (electronics). All tobacco purchased by contracted 
farmers, thereby covered by PMI’s integrated production system, is 
considered sustainable.

4  Procurement spend excludes tobacco leaf sourcing.
5  Suppliers’ criticality is evaluated considering spend segmentation and 

nature of component, as well as supply flexibility (single-source/not easily 
substitutable) as relevant. 2021 figure includes tier 1 suppliers of direct 
materials and electronics, tier 2 directly managed electronic suppliers, and 
tobacco leaf suppliers.

6 

In 2021, we transitioned our supply chain due diligence assessments to the 
EcoVadis and RBA platforms. This figure represents the number of 
completed assessments on these platforms to date. In 2022, we will work 
to expand the scope of the assessments to additional critical suppliers.

7  Based on a score below 45 on the social or environmental theme of 

EcoVadis assessment, or the results of on-site audit from RBA. Comparable 
historic data not available due to transition of due diligence platforms in 
2021. 

8  EcoVadis score ranges from 0 to 100, with a minimum threshold score of 45 

demonstrating satisfactory sustainability performance.

9  This figure includes 17 out of 23 of our electronic critical suppliers. In 2022 

we will work to expand the scope of the assessments to additional critical 
suppliers.

10  Due to COVID-19 restrictions, in 2021 it was not possible to complete 

on-site audits at each of the 42 sites.

11  Data refer to parent companies.

242

243

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
 
 
 
Respect for human rights

Cumulative number of human rights impact assessments  
conducted since 2018, with findings addressed¹

2019

2

2020

4

2021

5

Goals

10 
highest-risk 
countries  
by 2025

SI

1  Our assessment prioritize countries which are assessed as highest risks from a human rights standpoint. They are determined based on key parameters such as PMI’s 

footprint and the country’s human rights risk profile, as determined by internationally recognized organizations.

2021

356
317
39
293
54

32.9
29.2
3.7
2,150
12,673

Goals

100%
100%

2020

702
681
21
600
78

47.8
46.0
1.8
12,190
15,272

2021

100%
100%

9

Community support

Total number of social contributions supported by PMI

•  Charitable donations
•  Community investments

Number of partner organizations supported by PMI’s social contributions
Number of countries where projects supported by PMI’s social contributions 
were implemented
Value of cash contributions (in millions USD)

•  Charitable donations
•  Community investments

Approximate value of in-kind donations (in thousands USD)
Approximate total number of volunteer hours by PMI employees

1  Our Social Contributions Policy and list of 2021 social contributions are available on PMI.com. 

2019

170
145
25
147
43

17.0
14.8
2.2
205
16,700

Illicit trade prevention

Coverage for tracking and tracing—master case level¹
Tracking and tracing – proportion of packs sold with  
unique code applied²
Additional Framework Cooperation Agreements signed with law 
enforcement agencies/governments in a given year—number of 
countries
Number of law enforcement officers trained on how to 
authenticate PMI products³
Number of countries with law enforcement agencies trained on 
how to authenticate PMI products
PMI IMPACT grants allocated in USD million⁴

2019

100%
100%

2020

100%
100%

2

11

6,617

4,981

16,943

23

n/a

22

48

17

48

100

Note: Data cover PMI combustible tobacco products and smoke-free product consumables and devices.

1  Full coverage equates to 95% tracking and tracing in our supply chain (excluding kretek business). 5% of master cases are not covered; these are destined for countries 

that are not identified as a source of potential diversion or where PMI sells to a single customer in the country.

2  Excludes kretek business. While our internal rules mandate a unique code on every pack (hence 100% mentioned), some exceptions remain, which are managed and 

reviewed with the impacted markets on an annual basis.

3  The number of training sessions delivered each year depends on specific needs and requests raised locally by law enforcement agencies.The significant increase in 2021 

was driven by larger numbers of participants taking part in online training sessions. 

4  PMI pledged USD 100 million to PMI IMPACT. Goals related to PMI IMPACT are stated for the period 2016–2025.

Responsible and transparent R&D

Cumulative number of scientific publications by PMI since 2008
Cumulative number of studies published on INTERVALS platform since 2018
Cumulative number of protocols published on INTERVALS platform since 2018
Cumulative number of data sets published on INTERVALS platform since 2018

2019

365
38
103
354

2020

418
63
122
556

2021

452
87
132
676

Note: As of 2021, we no longer report on indicators related to sbv IMPROVER which was an initiative executed by PMI between 2011 and 2020, with the scope of verifying 
methods and concepts in systems biology used at PMI R&D. More information can be found in sbv IMPROVER (intervals.science).

SI

Indicators included in PMI Sustainability Index

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Independent practitioner’s limited assurance report

on Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 to the Board of Directors of Philip Morris International Inc. 
Lausanne

We have been engaged by Management to perform 
assurance procedures to provide limited assurance on 
the specified Key Performance Indicators in the 
Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 of 
Philip Morris International Inc. and subsidiaries (’PMI’) 
for the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 
2021. 

The specified Key Performance Indicators (“KPI”) 
forming part of the Business Transformation Metrics 
of PMI for the financial year ended December 31, 
2021 are included in the Integrated Report 2021 and 
comprises the following in our scope:

a.  The following Business Transformation Metrics as 

disclosed on pages 35 and 232 of PMI’s 
Integrated Report for the year ended December 
31, 2021, respectively.

• Adjusted R&D expenditure (in millions USD)

• Adjusted R&D expenditure ratio (smoke-free/

total)

• Number of factories producing smoke-free 
products out of total number of factories

• Number of markets where smoke-free products 

are available for sale

• Proportion of markets where smoke-free 
products are available that are low- and 
middle-income markets

• Commercial (marketing) expenditure ratio 

(smoke-free/total)

• Smoke-free product shipment volume (billion 

units)

• Combustible product shipment volume (billion 

units)

• Change in combustible product shipment 

volume vs 2015 baseline

• Smoke-free product shipment ratio (smoke-

free/total)

• Total numbers of users of PMI smoke-free 

products (in millions)

• Estimated number of users who have switched 

to PMI smoke-free products and stopped 
smoking

• Adjusted net revenues ratio (smoke-free/total)

• Number of markets where adjusted net 

revenues from smoke-free products exceed 
10% of adjusted total net revenues

• Number of markets where adjusted net 

revenues from smoke-free products exceed 
50% of adjusted total net revenues

b.  The application of the PMI Business 

Transformation Framework for the preparation of 
the specified Key Performance Indicators in 
Business Transformation Metrics Report 
published on pages 35, 232 and 248 to 251 
(Glossary).

The Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 
was prepared by Management of PMI based on the 
Business Transformation-Linked Financing Framework 
(or “Business Transformation Framework” in short) 
and made available under https://www.pmi.com/
investor-relations/overview/business-transformation-
linked-financing-framework¹). Further, PMI defines the 
calculation of the specified KPIs (together the “suitable 
Criteria”) in the footnotes on pages 35 and 232 as well 
as in the Glossary (page 248 to 251) in the Business 
Transformation Metrics Reporting. 

1 

‘The maintenance and integrity of PMI’s website and its content are the 
responsibility of the Management; the work carried out by the assurance 
provider does not involve consideration of the maintenance and integrity of the 
PMI’s website, accordingly, the assurance providers accept no responsibility for 
any changes that may have occurred to the reported Business Transformation 
Metrics Reporting 2021 since they were initially presented on the website.

244

245

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Independent practitioner’s limited assurance report continued

Inherent limitations

The accuracy and completeness of the Business 
Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 are subject to 
inherent limitations given their nature and methods 
for determining, calculating and estimating such data. 
In addition, some KPIs are derived from different 
frameworks to form the Business Transformation 
Metrics, thus the quantification of some selfdefined 
KPIs is subject to inherent uncertainty because of 
incomplete scientific definition or knowledge used to 
determine factors related to such KPIs and the values 
needed to combine. Our assurance report will 
therefore have to be read in connection with the 
Business Transformation-Linked Financing Framework 
prepared by PMI, its definitions and procedures in the 
document “Business Transformation Framework“ and 
the footnotes on pages 35 and 232 and glossary 
(page 248 to 251) in the Business Transformation 
Metrics Reporting. 

Managements’ responsibility

Management is responsible for preparing the Business 
Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 in accordance 
with suitable Criteria. This responsibility includes the 
design, implementation and maintenance of the 
internal control system related to the preparation of 
the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 
that are free from material misstatement, whether due 
to fraud or error.

Independence and quality control

We are independent of PMI in accordance with the 
International Code of Ethics for Professional 
Accountants (including International Independence 
Standards) issued by the International Ethics 
Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code). We 
have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in 
accordance with the IESBA Code, which is founded 
on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, 
professional competence and due care, confidentiality 
and professional behaviour. 

PricewaterhouseCoopers SA applies International 
Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly 
maintains a comprehensive system of quality control 
including documented policies and procedures 
regarding compliance with ethical requirements, 
professional standards and applicable legal and 
regulatory requirements.

Practitioner’s responsibility

Our responsibility is to perform a limited assurance 
engagement and to express a conclusion on the 
specified Key Performance Indicators in the Business 
Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021. We 
conducted our engagement in accordance with the 
International Standard on Assurance Engagements 
(ISAE) 3000 (Revised) ‘Assurance engagements other 
than audits or reviews of historical financial 
information’. Those standards require that we plan 
and perform our procedures to obtain limited 
assurance whether anything has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the Business 
Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 are not free 
from material misstatement. 

Based on risk and materiality considerations, we 
performed our procedures to obtain sufficient and 
appropriate assurance evidence. The procedures 
selected depend on the assurance practitioner’s 
judgement. A limited assurance engagement under 
ISAE 3000 (Revised) is substantially less in scope than 
a reasonable assurance engagement in relation to 
both the risk assessment procedures, including an 
understanding of internal control, and the procedures 
performed in response to the assessed risks. 
Consequently, the nature, timing and extent of 
procedures for gathering sufficient appropriate 
evidence are deliberately limited relative to a 
reasonable assurance engagement and therefore less 
assurance is obtained with a limited assurance 
engagement than for a reasonable assurance 
engagement. 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

We permit the disclosure of our report, in full only and 
in combination with the suitable Criteria, to enable 
Management to demonstrate that they have 
discharged their governance responsibilities by 
commissioning an independent assurance report over 
the specified Key Performance Indicators tables in 
Business Transformation Metrics, without assuming or 
accepting any responsibility or liability to any third 
parties on our part. To the fullest extent permitted by 
law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to 
anyone other than the Management of Philip Morris 
International Inc. for our work or this report.

PricewaterhouseCoopers SA

Chad Mueller 

Reto E. Huber

Lausanne, Switzerland 
May 12, 2022

We performed the following procedures, among 
others:

• Interviewing PMI representatives responsible for the 

internal reporting and data collection. 

• Test samples from PMI operations concerning the 

completeness, accuracy, consistency and 
classification. 

• Inspecting relevant documentation on a sample 

basis, including PMI policies, management reporting 
structures and documentation.

• Reviewing and assessing the management reporting 
processes for Business Transformation Metrics data 
and consolidation and their related controls.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is 
sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our 
conclusion.

Conclusion

Based on the work we performed, nothing has come 
to our attention that causes us to believe that the 
specified Key Performance Indicators on the pages 35 
and 232, respectively, (the metrics with an asterisk (*)) 
in the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 
2021 of PMI for the period from January 1, 2021 to 
December 31, 2021 are not, in all material respects, in 
accordance with the Business Transformation 
Framework and the footnotes on pages 35 and 232 as 
well as in the Glossary (page 248 to 251).

Intended users and purpose of the report

This report is prepared for, and only for, the Board of 
Directors of Philip Morris International Inc. and solely 
for the purpose of reporting to them on the specified 
Key Performance Indicators tables in Business 
Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 and no other 
purpose. We do not, in giving our conclusion, accept 
or assume responsibility (legal or otherwise) or accept 
liability for, or in connection with, any other purpose 
for which our report including the conclusion may be 
used, or to any other person to whom our report is 
shown or into whose hands it may come, and no other 
persons shall be entitled to rely on our conclusion.

246

247

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Glossary of terms and acronyms

3TGs – Tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold

CPA – Crop protective agent

Aerosol – Gaseous suspension of fine solid particles and/or 
liquid droplets

ALP – Agricultural Labor Practices

AWS – Alliance for Water Stewardship

CA – Cellulose acetate

Caregiver – A person who has responsibility for the care of 
a new-born child or newly adopted child including the child’s 
biological parent, the child’s adoptive parent, a person 
having legal parental responsibility for the child such as the 
child’s guardian, a stepparent, or a child’s parent through 
surrogacy

Primary caregiver – The caregiver who has the 
primary responsibility for the care of the new-born or 
newly adopted child following the child’s arrival

Secondary caregiver – A caregiver who is not the 
primary caregiver

Combustible tobacco product, or combusted tobacco 
product – A manufactured consumable product that 
combusts tobacco and/or generates smoke inhaled directly 
by the user when it is used as intended. Combustible 
tobacco products include, for example, cigarettes, cigarillos, 
cigars, “roll your own,” and pipe tobacco

Combustible products – The term we use to refer to 
cigarettes and OTP, combined

Combustion – The process of burning a substance in 
oxygen, producing heat and often light

Company Management – The term we use to refer to the 
senior management of the company, as presented on our 
www.PMI.com site (also referred to as “our leadership team” 
or “senior management team”)

Contracted employee – We define a contracted employee 
as an employee who is under the direct supervision of PMI 
employees but employed by a temporary employment 
agency

Contracted farmers – Tobacco farmers supplying to PMI 
and contracted either directly by PMI (through the 
company’s leaf operations) or through third-party leaf 
suppliers

Contractor – We define a contractor as a person employed 
or working on behalf of a third-party company contracted 
by PMI, who remains under the direct supervision of his or 
her employer rather than PMI and is often involved in 
project-specific or outsourcing arrangements

Downstream supply chain – Those stages in the supply 
chain in which materials (mostly in the form of finished 
products) flow away from the organization to the 
customers/consumers.

Directors – The term we use to refer to employees in salary 
grade 14 to 16

E&C – Ethics & Compliance

E-liquids – A liquid solution that is used in/with e-cigarettes. 
E-liquids contain different levels of nicotine in a propylene 
glycol and/or vegetable glycerin-based solution with various 
flavors.

E-vapor product – Electrical product that generates an 
aerosol by heating a nicotine or non-nicotine containing 
liquid, such as electronic cigarettes (or “e-cigarettes”)

Employee resource groups, or ERGs – Employee-led 
groups that focus on particular dimensions of diversity and 
are intended to provide a platform for building a sense of 
belonging and sparking conversations.

EPR – Extended Producer Responsibility

ESG – Environmental, social, and governance

FAO – Food and Agriculture Organization of the United 
Nations

FCTC – WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control

FDA – U.S. Food and Drug Administration

GAP – Good Agricultural Practices

Gender pay gap – Calculated as the percentage difference 
between the sum of annual base salary, bonus, and stock 
options.

GHG – Greenhouse gas

GPP – Global Privacy Program

Heated tobacco product, or HTP – A manufactured 
tobacco product that delivers a nicotine-containing vapor 
(aerosol), without combustion of the tobacco mixture 

Heated tobacco units, or HTUs – The term we use to refer 
to heated tobacco consumables, which for PMI include the 
company’s HEETS, HEETS Creations, HEETS Dimensions, 
HEETS Marlboro and HEETS FROM MARLBORO (defined 
collectively as HEETS), Marlboro Dimensions, Marlboro 
HeatSticks, Parliament HeatSticks and TEREA, as well as the 
KT&G-licensed brand, Fiit and Miix (outside of South Korea) 

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

HPHCs – The harmful or potentially harmful constituents 
which have been identified as likely causes of tobacco-
related diseases by various public health institutions

Human Rights Impact Assessment, or HRIA – Assessments 
to identify human rights risks and adverse impacts 

Human rights salient issues – Those human rights that 
stand out because they are at risk of the most severe 
negative impact through the company’s activities or 
business relationships (source: UN Guiding Principles)

Illicit trade – Domestic non-tax paid products

ILO – International Labour Organization

In-market sales, or IMS – Sales to the retail channel, 
depending on the market and distribution model

Insetting – The act of generating a carbon credit within the 
corporate’s sphere of influence and retiring the unit on 
behalf of 1 ton of carbon that has been emitted by the 
corporate (source: International Carbon Reduction and 
Offset Alliance)

IPM – Integrated Pest Management

IPS – Integrated Production System

IQOS heat-not-burn devices – Precisely controlled heating 
devices into which specially designed and proprietary 
tobacco units are inserted and heated to generate an 
aerosol

ITP – Illicit trade prevention

KPIs – Key performance indicators

LCA – Life-cycle analysis

LCTP – Low-Carbon Transition Plan

Low- and middle-income markets, or LMIMs – Markets 
comprised of countries classified by the World Bank as 
low- and middle-income economies based on Gross 
National Income (GNI) per capita; or where no World Bank 
classification exists, those with GNI per capita below the 
World Bank LMIC threshold

LTIR – Lost Time Incident Rate

Management positions – The term we generically use to 
refer to all positions in a defined salary grade (10) and 
above, regardless of their job title or function.

Managers – The term we use to refer to employees in 
salary grade 10 to 13 

Market share for HTUs – Total sales volume for HTUs as a 
percentage of the total estimated sales volume for 
cigarettes and HTUs

MRTP – Modified Risk Tobacco Product

MVR – Monitoring, Verification, and Reporting Framework 
for Sustainable Leaf Curing Fuels

NCGC – Nominating and Corporate Governance 
Committee of PMI’s Board of Directors

Net revenues related to combustible products – The 
operating revenues generated from the sale of these 
products, including shipping and handling charges billed to 
customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and 
excise taxes. PMI recognizes revenue when control is 
transferred to the customer, typically either upon shipment 
or delivery of goods

Net revenues related to smoke-free products – Represent 
operating revenues from the sale of non-combustible 
products, including shipping and handling charges billed to 
customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and 
excise taxes

NGOs – Non-governmental organizations

Non-combustible products – The term PMI uses to refer to 
products, excluding cigarettes and OTP. This may include 
heated tobacco units, heat-not-burn devices and related 
accessories, other nicotine-containing products, primarily 
e-vapor products, and products in wellness and healthcare

NRTs – Nicotine replacement therapies

OECD – Organisation for Economic Cooperation and 
Development

Offsetting – The act of purchasing a carbon credit 
generated outside the corporate’s sphere of influence and 
retiring the unit on behalf of 1 ton of carbon that has been 
emitted by the corporate (source: International Carbon 
Reduction and Offset Alliance)

Other Tobacco Product, or OTP – Primarily roll-your-own 
and make-your-own cigarettes, pipe tobacco, cigars and 
cigarillos, and does not include smoke-free products

P&C – People and Culture

PCI – Portfolio of Climate Investments

PMI Regions – We manage our business in six geographical 
segments and an Other category: the European Union 
region (EU); the Eastern Europe region (EE); the Middle East 
& Africa region (ME&A), which includes PMI’s international 
Duty Free business; the South & Southeast Asia region 
(S&SA); the East Asia & Australia region (EA&A); the 
Americas (AMCS); and Other, which includes our third 
quarter 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma A/S, Vectura 
Group plc., and OtiTopic, Inc. 

PMI heat-not-burn products – Include licensed KT&G 
heat-not-burn products

QMS – Quality management system

R&D – Research and development

RBA – Responsible Business Alliance

248

249

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021Refreshed devices – Smoke-free devices resulting from the 
care and maintenance refresh services (which may include 
unpacking, diagnostics, cleaning, firmware update, cosmetic 
parts replacement, battery charging, and repacking of 
devices) that meet the agreed quality requirements to allow 
for their re-use as pre-owned devices

Repaired devices – Smoke-free devices resulting from the 
care and maintenance repair services (which may include 
unpacking, diagnostics, testing, cleaning, battery charging, 
firmware update, cosmetic part or battery replacement, 
component harvesting, and repacking of devices) that meet 
the agreed quality requirements to allow for their re-use as 
pre-owned devices

RSP – Responsible Sourcing Principles

SBT – Science-based target

SBTi – Science Based Targets initiative

SDGs – Sustainable Development Goals

Senior leaders – The term we use to refer to employees in 
senior leadership roles; it includes all employees in salary 
grade 17 and above

Senior roles – The term we generically use to refer to all 
positions in a defined salary grade (14) and above, regardless 
of their job title or function 

Smoke – A visible suspension of solid particles, liquid 
droplets, and gases in air, emitted when a material burns

Smoke-free products, reduced risk products (RRPs), or 
noncombusted alternatives (NCAs) – The terms we use to 
refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have 
the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who 
switch to these products versus continuing smoking. PMI 
has a range of smoke-free products in various stages of 
development, scientific assessment and commercialization. 
PMI’s smoke-free products contain and/or generate far 
lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful 
constituents than found in cigarette smoke. 

Smoke-free product consumables – The term PMI uses to 
refer to heated tobacco units used with heat-not-burn 
products, and cartridges containing e-liquids that are used 
for e-vapor products and oral nicotine products including 
snus and nicotine pouches

SUP – Single-use plastics

TCFD – Task Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures

TGA – Tobacco-growing area

Tier 1 suppliers – Suppliers that directly supply goods, 
materials or services to PMI

Tier 2 suppliers – Suppliers that provide their products and 
services to the Tier 1 suppliers

TNFD – Taskforce on Nature-related Financial Disclosures

Tons – “Tons” equates to “metric tons” throughout this 
report

Total IQOS users – The estimated number of legal age 
(minimum 18 years) users of PMI heat-not-burn products, 
for which PMI HTUs represented at least a portion of their 
daily tobacco consumption over the past seven days. 

The estimated number of adults who have “switched to 
IQOS and stopped smoking” reflects:

• 

• 

for markets where there are no heat-not-burn 
products other than PMI heat-not-burn products: daily 
individual consumption of PMI HTUs represents the 
totality of their daily tobacco consumption in the past 
seven days; 

for markets where PMI heat-not-burn products are 
among other heat-not-burn products: daily individual 
consumption of HTUs represents the totality of their 
daily tobacco consumption in the past seven days, of 
which at least 70% is PMI HTUs.

Note: The above IQOS user metrics reflect PMI estimates, 
which are based on consumer claims and sample-based 
statistical assessments with an average margin of error of 
+/-5% at a 95% Confidence Interval in key volume markets. 
The accuracy and reliability of IQOS user metrics may vary 
based on individual market maturity and availability of 
information

Total shipment volume – Includes cigarettes, OTPs, and 
smoke-free product consumables

TRIR – Total Recordable Incident Rate. The integrated Total 
Recordable Incident Rate (or iTRIR) covers PMI employees, 
contracted employees, and contractors.

UNGPs – United Nations Guiding Principles on Business 
and Human Rights

Upstream supply chain – Those operations in which the 
materials flow into the organization (i.e., it mainly refers to 
procurement activities and inbound logistics)

VAP – Validated Assessment Program of the Responsible 
Business Alliance (RBA) is a leading standard for on-site 
compliance verification and effective, shareable audits

WASH – Water access, sanitation, and hygiene

WBCSD – World Business Council for Sustainable 
Development

WHO – World Health Organization

ZDM – Zero Deforestation Manifesto

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

Living income benchmark studies are studies conducted in 
specific regions or areas to estimate the net annual income 
required for a household to afford a decent standard of 
living for all members of that household. 

Living Income Reference Values represent a living income 
for typical families in rural (or urban) areas of low-income 
and middle-income countries.3 Reference Values provide a 
credible estimate of living wage or income at a country level, 
for rural and urban areas. They offer an insightful reference 
beyond the currently available indicators for many 
countries, which are mostly limited to poverty lines and 
minimum wages.

Farmer income studies are conducted, through third-party 
service providers, to assess all legal income sources of 
contracted farmers within PMI’s tobacco supply chain, 
including tobacco, complementary crops, and off-farm 
income.

1  Schep LJ, Slaughter RJ, Beasley DM (September–October 2009). “Nicotinic 

plant poisoning.” Clinical Toxicology.

2  Adapted from the FAO/WHO (2014) International Code of Conduct on 

Pesticide Management.

3  Reference values are built on data and knowledge gained from 40 complete 
Anker methodology benchmark studies. Since they are based on a statistical 
analysis, they have a margin of error for typical rural (or urban) areas of a 
country, which is generally around +/– 10% using a 95% confidence interval. 
Sources: Living Income Reference Values | livingincome (living-income.com) 
and Anker Living Wage and Living Income Reference Values | Global Living 
Wage Coalition.

Key definitions related to our work to  
improve tobacco farmer livelihoods:

A living income and living wage are both about achieving a 
decent standard of living. A living income is the net annual 
income required for a household to afford a decent standard 
of living for all its members and applies to, for example, 
self-employed farmers. A living wage is applied in the 
context of hired workers (e.g., in factories or on farms) 
(source: The Global Living Wage Coalition).

A minimum legal wage, as defined in PMI’s ALP Code, is a 
wage for all workers (including temporary, piece-rate, 
seasonal, and migrant) that meets, at a minimum, the 
national legal standard or formalized agricultural benchmark 
standard. An agricultural benchmark may be formalized 
where a minimum legal wage is not available or applicable to 
a specific context.

Child labor, as defined by the ILO, is work that deprives 
children of their childhood, their potential, and their dignity, 
and that is harmful to physical and mental development. 
Under PMI’s ALP Code, the minimum age for admission to 
work is not less than the age at which compulsory schooling 
is completed and, in any case, is not less than 15 years or 
the minimum age accepted by the country’s laws, whichever 
age limit affords greater protection. No person below age 
18 should be involved in any type of hazardous work. In the 
case of family farms, a child may only help on the farm 
provided that the work is non-hazardous, and the child is at 
least 13 years old or above the minimum age for such work 
as defined by the country’s laws, whichever affords greater 
protection.

Hazardous work means work that, by its nature or by virtue 
of when or where it is carried out, is likely to harm the 
health, safety, or morals of children or others. The following 
can, for example, be hazardous, particularly without the 
proper PPE: applying crop protection agents (CPA); stalk 
cutting; stringing; carrying heavy loads; working with sharp 
tools; working in extreme temperatures; and working after 
dark.

Green tobacco sickness, or GTS, is a type of nicotine 
poisoning caused by the absorption of nicotine from the 
surface of wet, fresh, green tobacco leaves through the skin. 
The characteristic symptoms of GTS include nausea, 
vomiting, weakness, dizziness, stomach cramps, difficulty 
breathing, excessive sweating, headache, and fluctuations in 
blood pressure and heart rate. They can last from 12 to 48 
hours.1

Personal protective equipment, or PPE, in tobacco farming 
refers to any clothes, materials, or devices that provide 
protection from exposure to CPA and GTS during specific 
activities throughout the crop cycle.2

250

251

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Forward-looking and cautionary statements

Notes

Overview

Strategy

Product impact

Operational impact

Fundamentals

Reporting and performance

effectiveness of its data privacy policies. PMI’s future 
profitability may also be adversely affected should it 
be unsuccessful in its attempts to produce and 
commercialize reduced-risk products or if regulation 
or taxation do not differentiate between such 
products and cigarettes; if it is unable to successfully 
introduce new products, promote brand equity, enter 
new markets or improve its margins through increased 
prices and productivity gains; if it is unable to expand 
its brand portfolio internally or through acquisitions 
and the development of strategic business 
relationships; or if it is unable to attract and retain the 
best global talent, including women or diverse 
candidates. Future results are also subject to the 
lower predictability of our reduced-risk product 
category’s performance.

PMI is further subject to other risks detailed from time 
to time in its publicly filed documents, including the 
Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022. 
PMI cautions that the foregoing list of important 
factors is not a complete discussion of all potential 
risks and uncertainties. PMI does not undertake to 
update any forward-looking statement that it may 
make from time to time, except in the normal course 
of its public disclosure obligations.

This report and related discussion contain projections 
of future results and other forward-looking 
statements. Achievement of future results is subject 
to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions. In 
the event that risks or uncertainties materialize, or 
underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual 
results could vary materially from those contained in 
such forward-looking statements. Pursuant to the 
“safe harbor” provisions of the Private Securities 
Litigation Reform Act of 1995, PMI is identifying 
important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, 
could cause actual results and outcomes to differ 
materially from those contained in any forward-
looking statements made by PMI.

PMI’s business risks include: excise tax increases and 
discriminatory tax structures; increasing marketing 
and regulatory restrictions that could reduce our 
competitiveness, eliminate our ability to communicate 
with adult consumers, or ban certain of our products 
in certain markets or countries; health concerns 
relating to the use of tobacco and other nicotine-
containing products and exposure to environmental 
tobacco smoke; litigation related to tobacco use and 
intellectual property; intense competition; the effects 
of global and individual country economic, regulatory 
and political developments, natural disasters and 
conflicts; the continuing effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic; the impact and consequences of Russia’s 
invasion of Ukraine; changes in adult smoker behavior; 
lost revenues as a result of counterfeiting, contraband 
and cross-border purchases; governmental 
investigations; unfavorable currency exchange rates 
and currency devaluations, and limitations on the 
ability to repatriate funds; adverse changes in 
applicable corporate tax laws; adverse changes in the 
cost, availability, and quality of tobacco and other 
agricultural products and raw materials, as well as 
components and materials for our electronic devices; 
and the integrity of its information systems and 

In this report, “PMI,” “we,” “us,” and “our” refer to Philip 
Morris International Inc. and its subsidiaries.

In this report and in related communications, the term 
“materiality,” “material,” and similar terms, when used 
in the context of economic, environmental, and social 
topics, are defined in the referenced sustainability 
standards, and are not meant to correspond to the 
concept of materiality under the U.S. securities laws 
and/or disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and 
Exchange Commission.

This report contains references and links to websites 
operated by third parties. These references are 
provided as a convenience to you and as an additional 
avenue of access to the information contained in 
those sources; they should not be viewed as an 
endorsement by us of the content of these references 
and linked sites or opinions of their authors.

Unless otherwise stated, all references to IQOS are to 
our IQOS heat-not-burn devices and consumables.

Trademarks and service marks in this report are the 
registered property of, or licensed by, the subsidiaries 
of Philip Morris International Inc., and are italicized or 
shown in their logo form.

Unless otherwise stated, references to total industry, 
total market, PMI shipment volume, and PMI market 
share performance reflect cigarettes and heated 
tobacco units

References to total international market, defined as 
worldwide cigarette and heated tobacco unit volume 
excluding the U.S., total industry, total market and 
market shares are PMI estimates for tax-paid products 
based on the latest available data from a number of 
internal and external sources and may, in defined 
instances, exclude the People’s Republic of China and/
or PMI’s duty free business.

2020 and 2021 estimates for total industry volume 
and market share in certain geographies reflect 
limitations on the availability and accuracy of industry 
data during pandemic-related restrictions.

Operations Center

Philip Morris Products S.A. 
Avenue de Rhodanie 50 
1007 Lausanne 
Switzerland

252

253

Philip Morris International – Integrated Report 2021 
Headquarters*

Philip Morris International Inc. 
120 Park Avenue 
New York, NY 10017-5579 
USA 

Operations Center

Back cover ?

Philip Morris Products S.A. 
Avenue de Rhodanie 50 
1007 Lausanne 
Switzerland

www.pmi.com 

*  Note: In the fourth quarter of 2021, we announced 

that we will be relocating our PMI corporate 
headquarters from New York, New York, to 
Stamford, Connecticut. This move is expected 
to be completed by the third quarter of 2022.

Design and production
Friend Studio 
www.friendstudio.com

Photography
George Books; Welin Nagyová; 
Bradley Secker; Nobu Arakawa; 
Tino Konino; Reto Cortesi; 
Valeriy Belobeev; Mónica Godefroy; 
Diego Sierra; Lucia Dellacha; 
Andrea Fischer; Ari Riyanto;  
Agung Lawerissa; Ronny Santoso; 
Matteo Buonomo; Agha Fawad; 
Lisa Konczal; Csaba Jobbagy

 
We have watched with horror the unfolding armed conflict and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine.

We condemn the violence in the strongest possible terms and join those calling for an immediate cease fire and restoration of peace.

Since the outset, PMI’s priority in Ukraine has been to look after the safety and security of its more than 1,300 employees and their families in the country.

PMI continues to pay the salaries of all its Ukrainian employees, in addition to providing substantial in kind support to them and their families.

In addition, we have already contributed around USD 10 million in funds and donated essential items across the country, directly to humanitarian organizations and through our own employee led initiative, Projects With a Heart.

These donations include: providing medicines, food, clothes, and a variety of other items to both our colleagues as well as the broader population the purchase of 25 ambulances and the set up of a mobile hospital.

Based on our current visibility, we estimate an additional USD 25 million will be incurred for additional support to employees this year.

On February 25th, PMI announced the temporary suspension of its operations in Ukraine, including at its factory in Kharkiv.

While activities in the east of Ukraine remain the most heavily impacted, the company has seen some resumption of retail activities where safety allows, as it seeks to provide product availability and service to adult consumers, using existing finished goods inventories on hand.

The company is also working on future supply from other production centers, although this may involve higher costs.

PMI is applying increased security and safety measures for personnel.

In 2021, Ukraine accounted for around 2 percent of PMI’s total cigarette and heated tobacco unit shipment volume and under 2 percent of PMI’s total net revenues.

As of March 31, 2022, PMI’s Ukrainian operations have approximately USD 400 million in total assets.

On March 24th, PMI announced the concrete steps it had taken to suspend planned investments and scale down its manufacturing operations in Russia, following its related announcement on March 9th.

The discontinuation of a number of cigarette products offered in the market (representing approximately one quarter of the company’s domestic cigarette SKUs, including Marlboro and Parliament SKUs) and the reduction of its manufacturing activities accordingly.

The suspension of its marketing activities in the country.

The cancellation of all product launches planned for 2022 in the market, including the launch of its flagship heated tobacco product IQOS ILUMA, originally planned for March 2022.

The cancellation of its plans to manufacture TEREA heated tobacco units for IQOS ILUMA in Russia (with an eventual annualized capacity of more than 20 billion units) and the related ongoing investment of 150 million.

Further, PMI announced that its Board of Directors and senior executives are working on options to exit the Russian market in an orderly manner, in the context of an increasingly complex and rapidly changing regulatory and operating environment.

PMI employs more than 3,200 people in Russia and will continue to support its employees there, including paying their salaries, while continuing to fulfill its legal obligations.

The company will continue to make decisions with their safety and security as a priority.

In 2021, Russia made up almost 10 percent of total shipment volumes and around 6 percent of PMI net revenues.

As of March 31, 2022, PMI’s Russian operations have approximately USD 1.4 billion in total assets.

The aspirations, goals, and forward looking plans contained in this report may be impacted by the February 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine and its potential effects on our business over the mid to long term, which remain uncertain.

As part of our broader plan to evaluate our published sustainability aspirations to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke free industry, we will also assess and reflect the impact of the invasion.

Considering the volatility and rapidly changing environment, we continue to monitor the situation closely.

We will communicate any related changes within the next year.

Aspirational targets and goals do not constitute financial projections, and achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties, and inaccurate assumptions, as outlined in our forward looking and cautionary statements on page 252 of this report.

Our responsibility is to all our stakeholders, which include shareholders, governments and the public they represent, our employees all our employees, and our consumers.

Every decision we make must find the optimum balance between the interests of these audiences.

We have a responsibility to our people in Ukraine and our actions show the lengths to which we are going to help them.

In Russia, we built our business over a period of nearly 30 years, serving millions of loyal adult consumers.

We have a responsibility to our more than 3,200 employees and their families.

We have announced we are working on options to exit the Russian market in an orderly manner and that is what we intend to do.

Philip Morris International (PMI) is a leading international tobacco company working to deliver a smoke free future and evolving its portfolio for the long term to include products outside of the tobacco and nicotine sector.

The company’s current product portfolio primarily consists of cigarettes and smoke free products, including heat not burn, vapor, and oral nicotine products, which are sold in markets outside the U.S.

Since 2008, PMI has invested more than USD 9 billion to develop, scientifically substantiate, and commercialize innovative smoke free products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke, with the goal of completely ending the sale of cigarettes.

This includes the building of world class scientific assessment capabilities, notably in the areas of pre clinical systems toxicology, clinical and behavioral research, as well as post market studies.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has authorized the marketing of versions of PMI’s IQOS Platform 1 devices and consumables as Modified Risk Tobacco Products (MRTPs), finding that exposure modification orders for these products are appropriate to promote the public health.

With a strong foundation and significant expertise in life sciences, in February 2021, PMI announced its ambition to expand into wellness and healthcare areas and deliver innovative products and solutions that aim to address unmet patient and consumer needs.

We are pleased to present our 2021 Integrated Report, which describes how we are delivering on our purpose and provides detailed information about our strategic vision, performance, governance, and value creation.

The content is shaped by a formal sustainability materiality assessment conducted during 2021.

Unless otherwise indicated, the data contained herein cover our operations worldwide for the full calendar year 2021, or reflect the status as of December 31, 2021.

Where not specified, data come from PMI financials, nonfinancials, or estimates.

Unless explicitly stated, the data and information in this report do not incorporate wellness and healthcare acquisitions made by PMI during 2021 of Fertin Pharma A S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic, Inc.

In 2021, the world and our company continued to navigate the far reaching impacts of the COVID 19 pandemic.

Throughout the year, our priority remained to protect the health, safety, and well being of our employees and address the needs of our stakeholders while relentlessly working toward our purpose of achieving a smoke free future.

In this report, we describe how COVID 19 has shaped the environment in which we operate and impacted our work across various sustainability topics and how we have responded and adapted to these new circumstances.

In 2021, we evolved our minimum requirements for effective youth access prevention (YAP) programs in indirect retail channels.

Including recycling (78%) and incineration with energy recovery (8%).

While Philip Morris International Inc. ( PMI or the Company ) is widely known as a cigarette company, in 2016 it announced its new purpose: to deliver a smoke free future by focusing its resources on developing, scientifically substantiating, and responsibly commercializing smoke free products that are less harmful than smoking, with the aim of completely replacing cigarettes as soon as possible.

These innovative alternative products do not burn tobacco or create smoke, and therefore emit significantly lower levels of carcinogens and other toxic substances than cigarettes.

Building on the Board’s Letter to Shareholders and the first Statement of Purpose in PMI’s 2017 and 2020 Proxy Statements respectively, we reaffirm PMI’s purpose and acknowledge that, as the Company continues to transform its business and organization, its core effort to provide smoke free alternatives that appeal to today’s adult smokers and to work hard to convince them to switch will not be enough.

The Company needs to continue earning the trust and active cooperation of a host of stakeholders, from supply chain partners to regulators and public health authorities.

A smoke free future is attainable, and the benefits it can bring to the people who would otherwise continue to smoke, and hence to global public health, are enormous.

Together with governments and civil society, we can maximize this opportunity through a consensus that smoke free alternatives, when subject to proper government oversight and regulation, are part of a sound tobacco policy.

Smoking causes serious disease, and the best way to avoid the harms of smoking is never to start or, for those who smoke, to quit.

For decades, tobacco control has focused on strict fiscal, marketing, and other measures to deter initiation and to encourage cessation.

Nicotine, while addictive and not risk free, is not the primary cause of smoking related disease.

The primary cause is the harmful chemicals emitted while burning tobacco and contained in the smoke.

Eliminating combustion from nicotine containing products is the way to significantly reduce their toxicity.

Thanks to rapid advances in science and technology, and a strong PMI commitment, these products are now a reality.

In 2016, with the full support of the Board of Directors, the Company announced its new purpose of delivering a smoke free future.

Since then, the Company has fully aligned its employees with this purpose and swiftly shifted its organizational focus and resources to smoke free alternatives.

The Company is essentially disrupting its traditional business from the inside out and is leading the industry in this unprecedented transformation.

PMI’s smoke free product portfolio currently includes heat not burn products, nicotine containing vapor products, and oral nicotine products, all without combustion.

Their development and manufacturing follow high standards of quality and consistency.

The Company is committed to scientifically substantiating the harm reduction potential of its smoke free alternatives compared to cigarette smoking, including through rigorous preclinical and clinical assessments and sophisticated systems toxicology.

Our scientific findings are publicly available and peer reviewed, and we have submitted many of our findings to regulatory authorities, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration.

The totality of the scientific evidence makes the Company confident that switching completely to smoke free products is likely to present less risk of harm than continuing to smoke.

Post market surveillance is necessary to continue building this confidence and, over time, quantify the reduction in morbidity and mortality through epidemiology.

To be clear, these smoke free alternatives are not risk free and should not be used by youth or adults who would not otherwise continue to smoke or use other nicotine products.

The Company must market its smoke free alternatives responsibly to minimize any unintended use while maximizing the switching of adult smokers who would otherwise continue smoking.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 While cigarette sales today remain the largest part of PMI’s business in most countries, this is changing rapidly.

The Company is actively accelerating the decline of cigarette smoking beyond what traditional tobacco control measures can achieve alone.

To make its progress both measurable and verifiable, the Company developed a set of bespoke key performance indicators called Business Transformation Metrics.

This set of metrics and related goals, which PMI reports on periodically, allow stakeholders to assess both the pace and the scale of its transformation and showcase how it is allocating resources away from its traditional cigarette business, aiming to base success on a future where it no longer makes or sells cigarettes.

Although the Company’s transformation journey started with a vision centered on the critical mission of phasing out cigarettes, this is not its sole or ultimate end goal.

Researching and developing noncombustible alternatives that are scientifically substantiated to be less harmful than cigarettes was the first step.

Broadening access for adult smokers while simultaneously and deliberately working to phase out cigarette smoking completed the equation of its smoke free purpose.

In the process, the Company has expanded its social, human, intellectual, and manufactured capital in ways that allow it to go a step further, moving from a value proposition centered on doing less harm toward one where it can seek to have a net positive impact on society.

PMI is now actively working to expand its purpose and evolve into a broader lifestyle, consumer wellness and healthcare company, extending its value proposition and innovative capability to commercialize products that go beyond tobacco and nicotine.

This is built on two key growth areas: (1) wellness products, where the Company is developing and looking to commercialize scientifically substantiated consumer health products and solutions with the aim to improve people’s lives (2) healthcare products, where it has already committed resources to its development pipeline of over the counter and prescription products.

This is part of a larger transformation that puts science, technology, and sustainability at the heart of PMI’s future by building on the Company’s expertise and investment in aerosol chemistry and physics, device technology, clinical research, and best in class preclinical safety and inhalation models.

PMI’s key stakeholder constituencies, which are fundamental to both the achieving of its purpose and to the pace of its progress, will be affected in different ways by PMI’s transformation.

The Company will seek to engage and collaborate with relevant stakeholders to speed the transformation while mitigating negative consequences.

Adult smokers and adult nicotine users are at the core of PMI’s business transformation.

The public health benefit of smoke free products depends not only on their potential to reduce the risk of smoking related disease compared to continued smoking but also on if they are actually used as alternatives to cigarettes by as many adult smokers as possible.

For smokers to switch to them, these alternatives must be accessible.

Increasing accessibility means improving consumer awareness, acceptability, as well as the availability and affordability of our smoke free products.

Acceptability means delivering experiences that satisfy the needs of adult smokers while significantly reducing the exposure to the harmful and potentially harmful constituents of cigarette smoke.

It is vital that we engage with adult smokers to raise awareness of smoke free products and their benefits compared with cigarettes.

While PMI will continue to responsibly sell cigarettes as long as there is a significant legitimate demand, it will leverage its leading position to accelerate switching to better alternatives, continuing to focus its commercial efforts toward raising awareness of, and informing adult smokers in appropriate ways about, scientifically substantiated smoke free products and the benefits of switching versus continued smoking.

The Company carefully monitors the results of its marketing to minimize any unintended use of its smoke free products by nonsmokers, especially youth.

In addition, PMI’s new businesses will leverage its know how and capabilities in areas such as inhalation and aerosolization to create better products to target unmet medical and consumer needs and deliver a better experience and enhanced products for consumers and patients.

The Company is urging this important stakeholder group to seize the immense opportunity that smoke free products present for advancing public health within the current generation of smokers.

PMI asks the public health community to scrutinize its smoke free products, to provide feedback for improvement, and to be open to considering that PMI’s purpose aligns with the societal goal to change the health trajectories of the people who smoke.

People working in the Company’s supply chain around the world, including tobacco farmers, rely on PMI for a substantial portion of their income.

PMI deals fairly and ethically with its suppliers and is dedicated to acting as a good partner to other companies, large and small, that help us meet PMI’s mission.

PMI recognizes that smoke free products differ from cigarettes and entail change for some of its supply chain partners, and PMI is ready to help them in this transition.

Continued engagement and partnerships with civil society remain essential to the Company’s success.

PMI respects the many communities and the environment around the world where it operates.

PMI works hard to protect society and the environment through sustainable practices across its businesses, and to both address and prevent future social and environmental challenges, including reducing post consumer waste (focusing on eco design and circularity), tackling climate change, preserving nature, improving the quality of life of people in our supply chain, and fostering an empowered and inclusive workplace.

The scope, metrics, and progress on these areas are outlined in PMI’s annual Integrated Report, published on PMI’s website.

PMI’s ability to accomplish its purpose depends on the skills, dedication, and relentless efforts of its employees.

The Company’s focus on a smoke free future and long term opportunities in wellness and healthcare has enhanced its ability to attract the new talent needed to support its transformation.

The Company compensates its employees fairly and provides important benefits.

It supports them with enriching job experiences, training, and education to help them develop new skills and maximize their employability in a rapidly changing world.

The Company treats employees with respect, dignity, care, and fairness.

It fosters diversity, inclusion, equal opportunity, and equal salary policies to ensure PMI’s workforce reflects modern society.

Regulators can decisively accelerate the industry’s transformation toward, and the speed at which adult smokers switch to, smoke free products by implementing risk proportionate regulations and taxation for all nicotine containing products and by providing smokers with accurate information.

PMI is committed to engaging transparently with regulators, sharing its scientific research and post market data.

The Company is ready to support an industry wide gradual phaseout of cigarettes as soon as a majority of smokers in a country have switched to scientifically substantiated smoke free products.

PMI believes that with the right regulatory encouragement and support from civil society, cigarette sales can end within 10 to 15 years in many countries.

The public health community is, unfortunately, polarized on the issue of smoke free products.

Without question, their work to discourage youth and nonsmokers from starting to use any tobacco or nicotine product and to encourage cessation should continue.

At the same time, when better alternatives to cigarettes exist, the discussion should not be whether they should be made available to the more than one billion people who smoke today, but how fast and within what regulatory framework to maximize their adoption while minimizing unintended use.

The Company is confident in the core business growth prospects of smoke free products and the significant additional long term opportunity from innovating in wellness and healthcare.

It is leading the new, highly promising category of smoke free products and leveraging its unique capabilities to capture further areas of growth.

PMI is dedicated to ensuring its shareholders continue to receive strong and sustainable financial returns over time.

It is aware of the growing tendency among some investors toward exclusion and negative screening but does not believe it is an effective driver of change that can have a positive impact, especially with regard to driving behavioral change in convincing people who smoke to quit or improve their lives.

On the contrary, by investing in PMI and holding the Company accountable to its purpose and targets, investors can combine positive societal impact with long term financial returns.

The Company welcomes suggestions, pressure, and support through engagement with both current and potential investors.

The Company understands the need to continue to build legitimacy and trust by being honest, respectful, fair, and transparent and by aligning actions with words across all areas of its business.

To assess the impact of PMI’s current and future value chains on society and the environment, the Company regularly conducts sustainability materiality analyses and measures and reports its performance through financial, environmental, and social metrics that are key to a sustainable corporate strategy.

It is management’s responsibility to ensure that the Company’s purpose is achieved through the appropriate structures, systems, processes, and people.

The Board oversees management’s efforts to enhance shareholder value responsibly and sustainably over the long term in ways that are consistent with the Company’s purpose.

Transparency and engagement between the Board and management are paramount, and we are all working toward PMI’s successful transformation.

To better align with shareholder and other stakeholder interests in achieving its purpose, the introduction of the Sustainability Index has allowed the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of the Board to enhance the company’s compensation practices, explicitly linking it to ESG performance and further ensuring a strong link between executive compensation and both short and long term performance.

In conclusion, PMI remains committed to accelerating the end of smoking and laying the foundations for a strong business in areas of wellness and healthcare as we strive to develop commercially successful products that have a net positive impact on society.

This means not only transforming the Company to deliver on its purpose but also inspiring the industry to follow its lead.

PMI’s 2017 Proxy Statement contained a letter to shareholders from the Board of Directors announcing for the first time our company’s smoke free vision.

Building on this groundwork, our Board of Directors issued on March 26, 2020, in our company’s 2020 Proxy Statement, a letter that corresponds to PMI’s Statement of Purpose.

In early 2022, PMI’s Board of Directors issued another letter reaffirming our purpose of delivering a smoke free future and announcing the expansion of our business for the long term toward areas outside of tobacco and nicotine.

This letter, our Statement of Purpose, is replicated on the previous pages of this report.

The changes introduced to our Statement of Purpose were made to ensure it remains a current and fair representation of our company’s strategy.

Importantly, updating the company’s Statement of Purpose maintains consistency and coherence with our company’s strategy and related reporting.

Changes to our strategy and vision prompted the revision of our Statement of Purpose, expanding it to no longer have as its last horizon to achieve a smoke free future, but also to encompass our strategic efforts to venture toward becoming a wellness and healthcare company.

Notably, we aspire to achieve at least USD 1 billion in net revenues from such sources by 2025.

This is a clear, strong, and proper way to articulate our company’s purpose.

It consists of a simple declaration that clearly harmonizes commercial success with social accountability and responsibility.

It transparently specifies those stakeholders most critical to long term value creation and sustainability.

Just like 2020, in 2021, amid the lingering headwinds of the COVID 19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions, our clear priority remained to protect the health, safety, and well being of our employees.

We took measures to prevent the spread of infection, sustain our operations, and support not only our employees and their families but also the communities in which we operate.

Early in 2022, we watched with shock the war in Ukraine unfold before us.

Our immediate priority was, and continues to be, the safety and security of our employees and their families.

We condemn the violence in the strongest possible terms, stand in solidarity with those who are suffering, and join the many voices calling for an immediate end to the war and the restoration of peace.

Our ability to respond and adapt to change and sudden disruptions will be proven over time, and I am confident that the resilience of our people and strength of our purpose will allow our organization to live and prosper.

During 2021, and despite the challenging environment, we continued to deliver a strong financial and nonfinancial performance, and I am enormously proud of our achievements.

In a pivotal year for societal action on climate change, we accelerated our targets for carbon neutrality in our operations and net zero emissions across our value chain, and detailed our strategies and roadmap in our Low Carbon Transition Plan.

We continued to progress against our zero deforestation and water stewardship ambitions and took meaningful steps toward developing a holistic biodiversity strategy.

Our environmental sustainability leadership was recognized with a Triple A score by the CDP for the second consecutive year.

Committed to maintaining best in class performance, we must not forget the environmental impact of our products and will continue to embed eco design and circularity principles in their development and their end of life management.

Our ability to respond and adapt to change and sudden disruptions will be proven over time, and I am confident that the resilience of our people and strength of our purpose will allow our organization to live and prosper.

We also celebrated the tenth anniversary of our Agricultural Labor Practices program, aimed at improving labor practices and livelihoods in our tobacco supply chain.

We remain vigilant in our approach to tackling systemic issues and are encouraged by the progress made so far in reducing child labor incidence and improving income levels across our contracted tobacco farms.

In 2021, we continued to conduct human rights impact assessments, completing one in our tobacco supply chain in Turkey and commencing our sixth assessment in Malaysia.

Promoting diversity, equity, equality, and inclusion is paramount for our company and a priority for me.

Although we made continued progress over the past few years, much work remains to be done, and I am proud to be one of the commissioners of the newly formed Business Commission to Tackle Inequality, spearheaded by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development.

We shall continue our work to promote human capital development, ensure a living income for all our contracted farmers, and explore ways to ensure workers in our direct supply chain earn at least a living wage.

Seven years ago, we set out to create a new future for PMI a future in which cigarettes would be obsolete, replaced by less harmful, science based alternatives.

In 2021, we kept our relentless focus on that ambition, dedicating 99 percent of our research and development and 73 percent of our commercial expenditure to smoke free products.

Moreover, smoke free products represented over 29 percent of our adjusted net revenues and, by year end, we estimate that more than 15 million adults in total had switched to IQOS and stopped smoking.

The strong position of our smoke free business has allowed us to accelerate our timeline early in 2021, we announced our ambition that by 2025 our smoke free products would be sold in 100 markets and at least 50 percent of our net revenues would derive from smoke free products.

PMI is committed to serving as an agent of change and advocate of positive values.

We understand that our business must become a provider of effective alternatives.

To achieve this, we are positioning ourselves at the forefront of consumer centricity, technology, science, and innovation.

With an eye to the long term, we are expanding our business into areas beyond tobacco and nicotine such as wellness and healthcare.

Our ambition is that by 2025, at least USD 1 billion of our net revenues will derive from these adjacent avenues of growth, marking an initial milestone for a business with potential to grow much further over the longer term.

Last year, we acquired Vectura, Fertin Pharma, and OtiTopic three leading and innovative companies with which we are excited to join forces to achieve a common purpose: building world class expertise in the research, development, and commercialization of solutions that have a net positive impact on society.

Although this Integrated Report does not account for the impact of these acquisitions, 2022 will be a year when we further their integration so that the progress they achieve can be captured in our reporting efforts.

Transforming our business means venturing into a number of uncharted territories, each bringing unique challenges.

I say this with pride in what we have already achieved, yet with a deep recognition of the immense work ahead.

We will always have critics, and we remain committed to engaging with them honestly and transparently, pointing out the actions we are taking to address their concerns and welcoming feedback on how we can do better.

Our actions grounded in data, science, and facts speak louder than words.

That said, our societal interactions, especially when it comes to our company’s transformation, bring an emotional component that can carry a heavy weight.

Consequently, we will work to promote constructive dialogue and address our stakeholders’ legitimate concerns appropriately.

We cannot make cigarettes obsolete in the absence of collaboration and coalition.

Without dismissing our past, I hope our 2021 Integrated Report provides a clear window into our present, as well as a more detailed view of the future we envision.

I hope, too, that this report will spark dialogue and that our stakeholders will accept the invitation to judge us not for the company we were but for the company we are today and are working hard to become, as well as by the tangible progress we have made.

It is through constructive engagement that we will accelerate the pace of meaningful and impactful change.

Accelerating the pace of change at PMI requires continued dialogue with multiple stakeholders, including governments and investors, to unlock financing capacity, increase innovation and technology development, encourage public support, and incentivize an industry shift away from combustible products.

Despite being well on our way to delivering a smoke free future, we still have some distance to travel, as our combustibles business still represents the majority of our revenues.

Although this is shifting rapidly in 2021 almost 30 percent of our annual adjusted net revenues derived from smoke free products, with the aim to derive at least 50 percent by 2025 the operating cash flows generated by cigarettes serve an essential role, supporting ongoing investments in the growth of smoke free products and in building new capabilities in wellness and healthcare.

Staying competitive in the cigarette category during this interim period provides the infrastructure needed to support our smoke free growth, allowing us to create a future where cigarettes no longer exist.

Notably, where permitted, it provides the primary way we engage and connect with adult smokers and trade partners to raise awareness of smoke free products and explain why they are a better option than continued smoking.

Even though selling off our cigarette business would make our company achieve its smoke free ambition faster, it would not resolve the cigarette problem it would just become somebody else’s problem to solve.

Our aim is not only to make our company smoke free, but to make cigarettes obsolete.

To achieve this, we will continue to responsibly and coherently sell cigarettes taking a consistent, disciplined, and steady approach to one day completely leaving them behind.

While contradictory on the surface, this is a necessary trade off that is vital to expanding our leadership in smoke free products and driving a successful industry transition.

We are convinced that impactful and systemic change can be best achieved by transforming from the inside out, engaging constructively with different parts of society, and ultimately replacing cigarettes with smoke free products.

We are convinced that impactful and systemic change can be best achieved by transforming from the inside out, engaging constructively with different parts of society, and ultimately replacing cigarettes with smoke free products.

Our purpose is clear: Our smoke free business is our focus area of growth, as these are the products needed to enable our transformation, and, most importantly, make cigarettes obsolete.

The subsequent announcement of our company entering into an agreement for its first business transformation linked financing instrument a new revolving credit facility for an aggregate amount of USD 2.5 billion was testament to the success of our integrated approach.

I was pleased with the broad engagement and support of investors, lenders, and bankers.

This approach is critical to helping us continue to drive change within our company.

Further, I believe this kind of engagement can encourage industry transformation by demonstrating the benefits of our company’s unique value proposition.

At present, we are in mid stride: with one foot in our past, operating in a fiercely competitive legacy cigarette business, and one foot in our bold future, building an entirely novel and improved category of products.

We recognize the magnitude of the challenge and remain committed to continuing to lead, tracking progress, and reporting on it transparently to ensure cigarettes become obsolete as soon as possible.

The relationship between the sources of tension will disappear over time, as our legitimate ambition to maintain market share in the declining combustible product category does not mean we aim to continue selling cigarettes in the long term.

Our purpose is clear: Our smoke free business is our focus area of growth, as these are the products needed to enable our transformation, and, most importantly, to help make cigarettes obsolete.

We intend to continue expanding our leadership, portfolio, volumes, and markets for our smoke free portfolio to ensure we broaden adult smokers’ access to these products, maximize the benefits and minimize unintended consequences with the intention of being present in 100 markets by 2025.

Strategy, Finance, and Sustainability the three teams I lead play a critical role within today’s PMI and have the capacity to establish a roadmap for success that not only responds to short term needs but also accounts for medium and long term impacts.

To achieve our ambitions, it has been of paramount importance for our entire organization to recognize that sustainability and financial performance are mutually reinforcing and part of the same strategy.

That is why integrated reporting is a top priority: It allows all our employees, including management, as well as the company’s Board, our shareholders, and other stakeholders to understand how our financial and nonfinancial performance are interrelated.

A great example of the synergies from integrating sustainability into strategy, and making ESG issues a core part of our business priorities, was the publication of our first business transformation linked financing framework in 2021, which integrates the company’s smoke free transformation into its financing strategy.

Linking our most material sustainability priorities to part of our financing strategy strengthens our commitment and underscores to all our stakeholders the seriousness of our ambitions.

I believe this not only reinforces our promise to reinvent our company but also invites investors and lenders to engage with and support our relentless work to accelerate the end of smoking, continue to grow our smoke free business, and use our strong capabilities to develop products in wellness and healthcare that can have a net positive impact on society.

Since 2016, we have set a new course for the company staking our future on replacing cigarettes with scientifically substantiated, less harmful alternatives.

To date, we are the only company within the traditional international tobacco industry to have committed to phasing out cigarettes, encouraging adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke to switch completely to better alternatives.

In addition to expanding our leading position in the smoke free category, we now also seek to broaden our value proposition to develop products in wellness and healthcare with the aim of having a net positive impact on society.

Our smoke free product portfolio is composed of two main product categories.

Our leading smoke free product is a heated tobacco product commercialized under the IQOS brand, available for sale in 68 markets as of year end 2021.

IQOS uses sophisticated electronics to heat tobacco in a controlled manner to release flavors and nicotine without combustion.

Our e vapor product, commercialized under the IQOS VEEV brand, generates an aerosol by heating an e liquid formulation.

IQOS VEEV was available for purchase in seven markets as of year end 2021.

We also now have a small presence in nicotine pouches, commercialized under the Shiro brand.

This product contains no tobacco and is used by being placed beneath the upper lip.

To accelerate our transition away from cigarettes and encourage the industry to follow this path, it is necessary to maintain our competitive position in the cigarette market during this transition phase (read our Chief Financial Officer’s letter to learn more).

Our cigarette brands are sold in around 180 markets, in many of which they hold the number one or number two market share position.

Our portfolio includes a wide range of premium, mid price, and low price brands, including Marlboro, L M, Chesterfield, Philip Morris, and Parliament, which are among the 15 most popular brands in the international cigarette market (which excludes China and the U.S.).

In the fourth quarter of 2021, we announced that we will be relocating our PMI corporate headquarters from New York, New York, to Stamford, Connecticut.

This move is expected to be completed by the third quarter of 2022.

Incorporating 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma, Vectura Group, and OtiTopic, PMI employed approximately 69,600 people worldwide at year end 2021.

We operate on a global scale in a fast paced world.

Our long term success requires that we monitor, anticipate, and respond to the challenges and opportunities shaping our reality today and in the future.

Global trends intersect with our strategies and initiatives and inform how we interact with the external environment.

Several trends discussed here existed before COVID 19 but have been amplified and accelerated by the pandemic, causing disruptions to supply chains and business operations and making them even more relevant.

Healthy lifestyles Society is more attuned to mental well being and physical health, leading to a push for more conscious choices, active lifestyles, support, and better nutrition.

Businesses are expected to expand and shift their portfolios to incorporate new services and product offerings that contribute to better health, paying attention to the unique needs of younger generations and older workers.

To attract, retain, and optimize top level talent, employers must prioritize mental and physical well being in the workplace, particularly as remote and hybrid work becomes more prevalent.

Consumers: Healthier products Employees and supply chain: Occupational health and safety Mental health.

Portfolio shifts driven by consumer centricity (transition to a smoke free future, innovation in wellness and healthcare) and well being Work life balance.

Workplace health and well being programs and initiatives.

Civil society: Public health Policymakers and regulators: Public health Quality of life Social welfare Shareholders: Product offerings in line with consumer expectations to protect and expand market share.

Climate and nature urgency Climate change, biodiversity loss, deforestation, water insecurity, and other ecological crises threaten more than supply chains and physical infrastructure they endanger progress and business growth by exacerbating systems level disruptions that affect our stakeholders.

Policy, regulation, civil society, and market forces continue to spur a transition to low carbon solutions, investments in renewable energy, and actions to safeguard ecosystems.

These also focus on embedding eco design and circular considerations at the early stages of product development.

Investor focus and the expansion of impact investing.

Impending institutional consensus on nature related measurement and reporting frameworks.

Inequality Globalization, rapid economic growth and widespread improvements in livelihoods in recent decades have failed to close and have even exacerbated the deep divides within and across countries.

Worsening inequalities have in turn triggered civil society to become more aware of and more vocal about social injustices.

Ongoing scrutiny and policy developments on issues pertaining to social inequality and human rights have highlighted the role business can play by ramping up diversity, equity, equality, and inclusion efforts.

Erosion of trust Social cohesion and a shared reality founded on facts grounded in science and data are increasingly challenged in an ever more digital world.

The rising tides of distorted truth, misinformation, and polarization also impacts businesses, which cannot succeed in failed societies and must work with all stakeholders to foster innovation, develop solutions, and drive impact.

Companies are expected to demonstrate irreproachable behavior and radical transparency, providing trustworthy information on their impacts along their value chain.

Human rights and other societal policy and regulatory developments.

Impending institutional consensus on social related measurement and reporting frameworks.

Technological progress New technologies, including in robotics, artificial intelligence, and virtual reality, are emerging rapidly.

Companies are implementing automation and digital solutions that increase transparency, maximize efficiencies, and create opportunities for robust R D activity and product innovation.

Boosted by a rapid flow of data and information, the pace of change is unprecedented, with wide reaching implications across industries.

Within this context, concerns and risks around data privacy and cybersecurity are on the rise, and many actors are working to enhance data and infrastructure protection.

Consumers: Environmentally friendly and circular products Employees and supply chain: Job security and business continuity amid the.

Integrated risk assessments and robust GHG emissions accounting to define new and validate existing strategies climate crisis.

Transparent, strategic, and science based target setting and.

Civil society: Greenhouse gas (GHG) emission reductions Protection and disclosure of progress preservation of natural ecosystems Resource efficiency.

Investing in and developing scalable solutions that produce.

Policymakers and regulators: Science based approach to target setting and co benefits for climate and nature related disclosures Environmental welfare Environmental regulation enforcement.

Supporting and partnering with experts, science based initiatives, and advocacy organizations.

Shareholders: Future proof business model Useful environmental disclosures Low carbon solutions Investments in renewable energy.

Consumers: Inclusive and equal access to solutions, products, and services.

Expanding the scope of human rights impact assessment.

Promoting living incomes and wages throughout the value.

Employees and supply chain: Inclusive and equal access to opportunities chain.

Civil society: Climate justice Access to jobs Policymakers and regulators: Social welfare, including access to meaningful jobs and protection of human rights.

Shareholders: Organizations free from human rights controversies that appropriately manage governance concerns around inequalities in the workplace.

Collaborating across the value chain and broader business community to address inequalities in our supply chain.

Providing a workplace where employees have equal pay for equal work, equal access to opportunities and are free from discrimination and harassment.

Consumers: Transparency on the impact of products and operations on health, society, and the environment Scientifically substantiated claims.

Explicitly linked financing instruments to ESG performance.

Employees and supply chain: Strong company culture Clear business.

Reporting against most relevant and widely used sustainability purpose standards to promote transparency.

Civil society and supply chain: Traceability Alignment of priorities with.

Developed an ESG KPI Protocol with a path to provide full public benefit Transparency.

Policymakers and regulators: Standards and norms for quality and robustness of data and related requirements for increased transparency.

Shareholders: Consistent, reliable, and comparable ESG data and useful information assurance on nonfinancial data.

Introduced model to link ESG performance transparently and objectively to executive compensation.

Consumers: Consumer data protection R D for new solutions and better products.

Employees and supply chain: Adapting workforce skills and capabilities Job security Protection of employee data.

Investing in new technologies and acquisitions to accelerate our company’s transformation, expand smoke free product offerings, and drive progress on sustainability priority areas.

Data based decision making and investment in targeted.

Civil society and supply chain: Increased supply chain connectivity, operational improvements transparency, and efficiency through emerging technologies.

Strengthening cybersecurity and data privacy policies and.

Policymakers and regulators: Data protection and prevention of cybersecurity threats Policymaking on technology and innovation.

Shareholders: Companies leverage technological advancements to drive product innovation, commercialization, and operational efficiency practices.

Products within the global tobacco and nicotine business market fall into three main categories: combustible products, smoke free products, and therapeutic cigarette replacement alternatives (often known as nicotine replacement therapies or NRTs).

Combustible products (e.g., cigarettes, fine cut tobacco, pipe tobacco, cigars, and cigarillos) burn tobacco to deliver nicotine.

Smoke free products deliver nicotine without combustion.

These products include heated tobacco (also known as heat not burn), e vapor, hybrid products (combining features of heated tobacco and e vapor products), and oral tobacco and nicotine products such as snus and nicotine pouches.

By eliminating combustion, these products present, or have the potential to present, less risk of harm to adults who switch to them versus continued smoking.

Therapeutic cigarette replacement alternatives, which include nicotine gum and patches, aim to help smokers quit smoking.

They deliver nicotine and require pharma approval process to be followed further, in some countries, their use is subject to prescriptions from medical professionals.

Combustible products currently represent the largest share of the global nicotine market, with cigarettes remaining the dominant tobacco product used by nicotine consumers worldwide.

The prevalence of smoking is decreasing steadily around the globe, supported by public health policies and strategies focused on discouraging initiation and encouraging cessation.

The World Health Organization (WHO) projects a decline in smoking prevalence (age 15 ), from 21.5 percent in 2010 to an estimated 17.1 percent in 2025.2 At the same time, the global adult population is growing by around 70 million people per year.

The net effect of this population growth and declining smoking prevalence is a forecast of just under 1.1 billion smokers in 2025 essentially the same as in 2010.

Even if the faster reduction in smoking prevalence that WHO member states are targeting is achieved (i.e., a 30 percent reduction in the prevalence of tobacco use by 2025 versus 20101), we estimate there will still be around 930 million smokers in 2025.

In recent years, the development, commercialization, and subsequent adoption of various smoke free products have led to rapid growth of the category.

Overall, we estimate this segment grew by 3 points since 2018 to reach over 7 percent of the international nicotine retail value (which excludes China and the U.S.) in 2021.

R D on smoke free products that do not involve combustion, including pouches, e cigarettes, and heated tobacco, extends back more than two decades.

These efforts were driven by a combination of increased awareness of the harms of smoking, evolving technologies, discoveries of different ways to deliver nicotine, and a better understanding of behaviors connected to smoking.

The reduced risk potential of these products, coupled with their availability and increased acceptability, is leading smokers to switch away from combustible tobacco products and never come back to smoking.

The potential of smoke free products to contribute to reducing population harm and, eventually, benefit public health, has led to the introduction of progressive public health strategies based on the concept of tobacco harm reduction.

These strategies successfully complement traditional efforts, which encourage cessation and discourage initiation, in accelerating smoking prevalence decline.

Heated tobacco products have been commercialized for many years but did not gain commercial traction until the introduction and world wide expansion of IQOS.

Following this technological breakthrough, other companies also began to commercialize heated tobacco products.

The heat not burn segment volume grew in the international market (which excludes China and the U.S.) at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of over 29 percent between 2018 and 2021, driven both by increased adoption in the first launch markets as well as geographical expansion.

This category is the largest smoke free category by both retail value and volume in the international market (which excludes China and the U.S.).

The e cigarette was invented in 2003 in China, and after more than a decade of relatively limited success the broader e vapor category has recorded significant growth, particularly in the U.S., Canada, and certain European markets.

The oral tobacco product category volume, including products containing tobacco leaf (e.g., chewing tobacco, snuff) and modern products such as nicotine pouches, grew to reach almost 29 percent CAGR over the past three years in the international market, boosted by the significant growth of oral nicotine pouches.

Nicotine pouches have emerged as credible smoke free products in recent years, most notably in markets with a history of oral tobacco consumption, such as the U.S. and Scandinavia.

While the category remains small outside these markets, it is growing.

Within the nicotine industry, the strong growth of smoke free products over the past three years, including heat not burn and e vapor, is replacing combustible products.

As in other consumer goods sectors, manufacturers in the tobacco industry compete primarily on product quality, brand recognition, brand loyalty, taste and sensory experience, R D, packaging, customer service, marketing, advertising, and retail price.

Smoke free products There is increasing competition in relation to smoke free products, with tobacco manufacturers shifting their resources toward the development, acquisition, and commercialization of such products, particularly heated tobacco products, e vapor products, and nicotine pouches.

Beyond this, some manufacturers are entering into strategic collaborations to explore growth opportunities in products that do not contain tobacco or nicotine.

To date, competition in the heated tobacco category is primarily among manufacturers of combustible tobacco products.

With regard to e vapor, the open products category (products which feature a chamber that can be refilled with e liquid) is heavily fragmented and relatively commoditized among small or local manufacturers.

In contrast, global tobacco manufacturers are increasingly present in the closed products category (with disposable products or reloadable systems with prefilled cartridges), which is evolving rapidly with a number of startups.

Oral tobacco and oral nicotine products are mainly produced by the major tobacco manufacturers and traditional oral tobacco manufacturers.

Key players are building internal capabilities in the oral tobacco and nicotine segment or acquiring smaller existing players in this category.

Despite advances in science and technology, the business strategy of all international cigarette manufacturers with the exception of PMI is focused on continuing to grow cigarette sales, while expanding their portfolios to offer (in addition) smoke free alternatives.

Combustible cigarettes The global combustible cigarette sector includes four large international manufacturers British American Tobacco (BAT), Japan Tobacco (JT), Imperial Brands (IMB), and PMI along with two major manufacturers focused primarily on their respective domestic markets: The China National Tobacco Corporation (CNTC) in China and Altria Group, Inc. in the U.S. (Altria is the parent company of Philip Morris USA, which operates exclusively in the U.S. and is not affiliated with Philip Morris International).

At PMI, we aim to base our success on a future in which we no longer make or sell cigarettes, the most harmful form of nicotine consumption.

In stark contrast with our competitors, PMI’s value proposition is not to expand its portfolio of both combustible and smoke free products and offer more choice to consumers.

Our goal is to lead an industry wide transformation whereby cigarettes are phased out completely.

Our strategy is centered on researching and developing better products, promoting broad access to them, and working to ensure these products replace cigarettes and make smoking obsolete.

To achieve this, we are actively shifting and reallocating resources, setting ambitious goals connected to this strategy, and transparently reporting on our progress.

By 2025, we expect that less than 50 percent of our adjusted net revenues will derive from cigarette sales.

In 2021, PMI smoke free products represented 29.1 percent of our annual adjusted net revenues and 12.8 percent of our total shipment volume.

Growing interest in the smoke free product category from other companies could be an opportunity and lead to the acceleration of the global smoke free agenda.

As recent investments demonstrate, our long term plan extends beyond smoke free into products outside the tobacco and nicotine space.

Our 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma, OtiTopic, and Vectura will allow us to better leverage PMI’s capabilities, accelerate the pace of our transformation, and cement the foundation of our future in wellness and healthcare all with the ultimate goal of having a net positive impact on society.

For PMI, eliminating the illicit tobacco trade has been a long standing priority.

We focus our efforts on securing our supply chain and protecting our products.

Read more about our approach and progress in 2021 here.

The increasingly interconnected global economy provides more opportunities for criminal networks engaged in illicit activities such as the sale of counterfeit products, wildlife smuggling, narcotics, human trafficking, and excise fraud.

The illicit tobacco trade provides a cheap and unregulated supply of tobacco products.

It undermines efforts to reduce smoking prevalence, damages legitimate businesses, stimulates organized crime, increases corruption, and reduces government tax revenue.

Many countries have initiated or are considering actions to prevent the illicit trade of tobacco products.

In 2012, the FCTC adopted the Protocol to Eliminate Illicit Trade in Tobacco Products, which includes supply chain control measures such as licensing, enforcement in free trade zones, and the implementation of tracking and tracing technologies.

The protocol came into force in September 2018, and parties to it have started implementing its measures via national legislation.

The harms associated with smoking have led policymakers, legislators, and regulators to impose rigorous restrictions on cigarettes, including high excise taxes, minimum age requirements, and designated areas for use.

Additional restrictions and mandates apply to packaging design and health warnings, ingredients and flavors, marketing and advertising, and promotions and other forms of sponsorship.

Much of the regulation that shapes the tobacco industry’s operating environment is driven by the WHO’s Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) and its MPOWER measures.

The FCTC has established a global agenda to reduce the prevalence of tobacco use and nonsmokers’ exposure to tobacco smoke.

For decades, public health strategies to reduce tobacco related morbidity and mortality focused primarily on preventing smoking initiation and encouraging cessation.

With the introduction of smoke free products and the recognition of their potential to accelerate the decline of smoking prevalence and contribute to public health, the need for an updated approach to tobacco regulation has become urgent.

While there is currently no global consensus on how best to regulate or tax smoke free products, a growing number of authorities recognize that the risk profile of these products differs from cigarettes and so should be regulated differently in order to promote their adoption as a better alternative for those smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke.

Government regulation of all nicotine containing products is essential.

PMI supports a comprehensive approach that discourages initiation and promotes cessation, supplemented by commonsense regulation that encourages adults who smoke and would not otherwise quit to switch completely to smoke free alternatives that have been scientifically substantiated to be a better choice than continued smoking.

We advocate for a comprehensive and risk proportionate regulatory framework that recognizes that not all tobacco and nicotine containing products are the same.

Regulation and taxation should subject the most harmful products to the most restrictive measures while encouraging those adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to switch to the less harmful alternatives now available.

Such an approach would significantly accelerate the phasing out of combustible products and promote public health.

Adults who smoke and otherwise would not quit are at the heart of our business transformation.

We aim to persuade as many of them as possible to replace cigarettes with scientifically substantiated better alternatives.

We do this by taking a consumer centric approach to developing and commercializing better alternatives that meet their preferences and needs.

We also raise awareness among these adult smokers of smoke free products, how they work, and their benefits compared with cigarettes so as many as possible will switch to them.

Our employees are drivers of change and the ambassadors of our purpose.

Their engagement and dedication are essential to making PMI’s vision and strategic goals a reality.

We continuously communicate with and listen to our employees and strive to provide them with opportunities for growth and development within an inclusive workplace.

Benefits of smoke free products compared with continued smoking.

Many of the people working in our supply chain rely on PMI for a substantial portion of their income.

PMI aims to treat its suppliers fairly and ethically and is dedicated to acting as a good partner to other companies, large and small, that help us achieve our ambitions.

Collaborating with others across our supply chain helps us to address social and environmental challenges and make progress against our strategic goals.

Engaging with the finance community is key to promoting a comprehensive understanding of PMI’s unique value proposition, strategy, and performance.

Furthermore, investment decisions increasingly integrate environmental, social, and governance (ESG) criteria, and we are confident in the business opportunity our transformation brings.

Dialogue with national and local governments and regulators allows us to understand their priorities and concerns and share our views, objectives, and scientific findings.

We engage with governments, regulators, and legislators in developing proposed legislation and regulations that may impact a smoke free future.

The right regulation would accelerate the end of smoking, foster innovation, and minimize unintended consequences.

Product health impact and access to smoke free products.

Engaging with the public health community is of utmost importance.

By conducting our R D with scientific rigor, sharing our findings, and asking the community to scrutinize our products and the growing body of scientific evidence surrounding them, we aim to engage constructively on this topic and collectively seize the immense opportunity smoke free products present for advancing public health within the current generation of adult smokers.

Online platforms for data transparency and reproducibility in science.

From best practices and information exchanges to close partnerships, engaging with civil society actors helps inform our strategy, define our priorities, and advance sustainable solutions to common challenges.

PMI regards stakeholder engagement as fundamental to the creation of shared and sustainable value.

While PMI’s transformation is unwavering, we recognize that we cannot complete the journey alone.

The kind of systemic change PMI is driving can only be achieved through a collaborative multistakeholder approach, a fact we recognize in our Statement of Purpose.

PMI’s reputation is based on the perceptions of its various stakeholders.

Our ability to build and maintain trust and legitimacy relies on consistency and coherence on ensuring our words match our actions.

Remaining open to dialogue with our stakeholders allows us to understand their expectations and respond accordingly.

Continuous engagement also allows us to build a shared understanding of contingency issues, proactively respond to concerns, identify potential areas of compromise, stay abreast of global trends and market expectations, and find solutions that are good for our stakeholders and business.

We are committed to driving transparent and responsible change, and continuously work to earn the trust and confidence of our stakeholders.

Our periodic sustainability materiality assessments provide us with valuable insights and allow us to gauge the relevance of different topics for key stakeholder groups.

Our stakeholder engagement incorporates both structured and ad hoc interactions.

Above all, it is guided by transparency, integrity, and respect and governed by our Guidebook for Success and its accompanying policies ( Principles and Practices ), summarized in this overview of our engagement principles.

Constructive dialogue is essential to moving society forward.

To achieve the collective action required to solve the world’s most pressing challenges, we must include all voices, bringing together people with differing opinions, scrutinizing facts, and finding common ground upon which to build.

Read more here on the value of embracing dialogue to disarm hate.

We are striving to become a company that has a net positive impact on society.

This ambition starts with researching, developing, and commercializing less harmful alternatives to cigarettes for those adults who otherwise would continue to smoke, ultimately allowing us to phase out cigarettes and become a fully smoke free business.

As a next step, we are expanding our offerings to include products that fill critical unmet needs within the wellness and healthcare space.

To achieve our purpose, a radical transformation of our business is required.

Our strategy is to responsibly transition from a cigarette company into a world leading smoke free business while simultaneously exploring adjacent avenues of growth in wellness and healthcare.

Our North Star is to create a net positive impact that benefits our company, shareholders, consumers, and society.

Transforming our company is not only about substituting one product with a new one.

It also requires transforming our entire value chain, as well as the way we engage with society.

This requires a holistic review and overhaul of our entire business model and value proposition, which brings with it new opportunities as well as challenges throughout all aspects of our business.

Sustainability stands at the core of PMI’s transformation and helps address some of the challenges resulting from the transition, while spurring innovation and better positioning the company for success over the long haul.

The complexity of our strategy comes from simultaneously managing the impacts of two value chains the one we are aiming to move away from (our cigarette portfolio) and the one we are moving towards (our smoke free portfolio) while also managing the impacts of the transition itself.

While a transformation of this magnitude and complexity is not achieved overnight, we are committed to making it happen as fast as possible.

The most visible part of our transformation is that related to our product lines.

Over the past decade and a half, we have harnessed scientific and technological advances to develop alternatives to cigarettes that are scientifically substantiated to be a better choice for adult smokers than continued smoking.

Now, while continuing to improve and expand our portfolio, we are working to raise awareness about the benefits of these products in relation to continued smoking, which contributes to increasing access by adult smokers.

In 2016, our company established its purpose: to phase out cigarettes by replacing them with less harmful alternatives as quickly as possible to achieve a smoke free future.

With strong progress toward becoming a majority smoke free company by 2025 in terms of net revenues, we are beginning to explore adjacent avenues of growth that will take our business into wellness and healthcare, with an eye to fulfilling unmet consumer and patient needs.

Since announcing our transformation, we have undergone a meaningful reorganization, and helped our employees build the skills and capabilities needed to contribute fully to our business transition, while also investing in recruiting new talent and acquiring the capabilities needed to drive a successful transformation.

Read our case study on expanding our value creation model here.

We have also incorporated new ways of working to become an increasingly digitalized, project based organization, focused on consumer centricity, agility, and data driven decision making.

Beyond our own operations, every step of our value chain is being transformed to serve our company purpose.

We recognize the challenges these changes pose and are actively helping all those impacted by our transformation (in our direct and indirect operations) to best manage the transition.

The way we engage with external stakeholders is critical to achieving our purpose.

Our ability to successfully transform depends not solely on us working together with different parts of society, we can create a paradigm shift where cigarettes become obsolete.

Continuous engagement also allows us to build a shared understanding of contingency issues, proactively respond to concerns, identify potential areas of compromise, and find solutions that are good for our stakeholders, as well as for our business and long term success.

Read more about our stakeholder engagement efforts here.

We realize that business transformation is a very company specific journey, which ESG reporting standards do not properly capture.

To make our progress both measurable and verifiable, we developed our Business Transformation Metrics, a set of bespoke key performance indicators (KPIs) composed of both financial and nonfinancial metrics.

They showcase how we are allocating resources away from our traditional cigarette business as we advance toward a future in which we no longer make or sell cigarettes.

By reporting periodically on these KPIs, we enable external scrutiny and allow our stakeholders to assess both the pace and scale of our transformation.

Over the years, in response to stakeholder feedback, we have significantly expanded the number of metrics to increase transparency and clarity about our progress.

We review them periodically to ensure we continue reporting on meaningful indicators.

In 2021, we evolved our reporting efforts to broaden access to smoke free products worldwide, by introducing an indicator on the number of low and middle income markets where smoke free products are available for sale, replacing our previous reporting on non OECD markets.

Although year on year progress is important to monitor and disclose, sometimes the magnitude of the pace and scale of our progress is lost.

Because of that, we have introduced a baseline approach, whereby we can highlight to our stakeholders the sizable cumulative progress that we have made to date.

Pre transformation (in 2015), our combustible product volume totaled 881 billion units, or 99.9 percent of our shipment volume ratio, and, since then it has declined by 26 percent.

Over the same period, our smoke free shipment volume increased from 1 billion units to more than 95 billion units and represented 12.8 percent of our shipment volume in 2021.

Aspirational goals linked to our Business Transformation Metrics give us a clear roadmap and offer our stakeholders visibility into the future we are working toward.

By 2025, we aim to become a predominantly smoke free company, generating more than 50 percent of our total net revenues from non combustible products.

Within the same time horizon, we aspire to grow our annual smoke free shipment volume to over 250 billion units, while simultaneously decreasing our combustible product shipment volume to below 550 billion units.

This means we aspire for smoke free products to represent more than 30 percent of our total shipment volume by 2025, and for our combustible product shipment volume to decrease by around 40 percent by 2025 versus a 2015 baseline.

We also aim for our smoke free products to be available for sale in 100 markets by 2025, with more than 50 percent of these being low and middle income markets, and for at least 40 million adults to switch to them and stop smoking.

Finally, we introduced in 2021 a new aspiration to generate at least USD 1 billion in annual net revenues from wellness and healthcare products by 2025.

In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable, in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke free industry.

In particular, we will account for the learnings that we have gathered since setting some of these aspirations in the early stages of our smoke free journey.

We will also assess and reflect the impact of recent external factors including the COVID 19 pandemic and Russia’s invasion of Ukraine, where applicable.

We intend to communicate any related changes within the next year.

The 2021 metrics marked with an asterisk ( ) are subject to PwC’s Assurance Report (see page 245).

Smoke free products include heated tobacco units, e cigarettes, snus, and nicotine pouches.

Total products include smoke free products, cigarettes, and other combustible products.

In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke free industry.

Adjusted R D expenditure excludes asset acquisition cost related to OtiTopic, Inc. in 2021.

Total reported R D expenditure in 2021 including these items amounted to USD 617 million.

R D positions include scientists, engineers, technicians, and support staff.

Comparable data for years prior to 2018 are not available as the scope of R D positions changed following company organizational changes.

IP5 jurisdictions are Europe (patents granted by the European Patent Office), China, South Korea, Japan, and the U.S.

Direct spend focuses on materials used in the manufacture of our products it includes tobacco leaf, direct materials, and electronic devices and accessories.

Investments reflect research, product and commercial development, production capacity, scientific substantiation, and studies on adult smoker understanding.

Figure does not include commercial deployment costs.

Data reflect the number of factories operated and owned by PMI at the end of the respective year.

Number of factories fully or partially dedicated to smoke free products includes seven factories related to heated tobacco unit production and one factory related to e vapor consumables production.

References to the number of SKUs are based on the latest available data and categorization of our product portfolio into SKUs, therefore minor restatements in previous years’ data is reflected.

The figures exclude China and the U.S. 8 Data reflect the status by the end of respective year.

Data reflect the status by the end of respective year.

In 2021, we evolved our methodology to estimate the total number of users of PMI smoke free products, in order to better reflect the number of users for which PMI HTU represented at least a portion of their daily tobacco consumption over the past seven days.

Unavailability of sufficiently granular data did not enable us to restate figures for years prior to 2020.

We also fine tuned our methodology to estimate the number of users who have switched to PMI smoke free products and stopped smoking, in order to reflect the conversion rate of our total user base at year end, and restated 2020 data accordingly.

Note: In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable, in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke free industry.

We intend to develop a new 2025 aspiration related to the total number of users of PMI smoke free products.

See page 35 for complete Business Transformation metrics and 2025 aspirations with accompanying footnotes.

We can only achieve our purpose by embedding sustainability in all we do.

For PMI, sustainability is more than just a means to minimize negative externalities and mitigate risks while maximizing operational efficiency and resource optimization.

We see it as a fundamental opportunity for innovation, growth, and purpose led, impact driven, long term value creation.

Accordingly, we work hard to integrate sustainability into every aspect of our business and activities.

We dedicated much of 2021 to strengthening and fine tuning our approach to sustainability and furthering its integration across our company.

We describe in this section our recent sustainability materiality assessment, our revamped ESG framework, sustainability strategy, and 2025 Roadmap.

We also include details about our new Sustainability Index and accompanying ESG KPI Protocol.

We expect these instruments to guide our work and add sophistication to our strategy, performance, and disclosures.

A robust sustainability materiality analysis allows us to identify, assess, and prioritize ESG topics.

By feeding findings from these regular assessments into our strategy, targets, KPIs, and reporting, we are able to keep pace with external and internal developments and ensure our strategy addresses those areas in which we can have the most significant impact.

Our 2021 sustainability materiality assessment, conducted in the second half of the year, helped identify those ESG topics that we should focus on.

In line with the principle of double materiality, it consisted of a five pronged approach that included evaluating both outward and inward impacts and considering stakeholder expectations.

In support of the creation of a global impact measurement and valuation standard monetizing and disclosing impacts of corporate activities, PMI joined other companies in 2019 to co found the Value Balancing Alliance (VBA), a nonprofit organization.

Impact valuation can help companies identify, understand, improve, and demonstrate the benefits and costs of their activities to society and the environment, translated into monetary terms.

We leveraged insights gathered during our first pilot of the VBA methodology conducted in 2020 to feed into our recent sustainability materiality assessment and inform the evaluation of our company’s impacts on society and the planet ( outward impacts ).

At the end of 2021, we started piloting the second version of the VBA methodology with a set of seven environmental, social, and economic topics covering companies’ operations and upstream supply chains.

Note: Visual adapted from Value Balancing Alliance, Methodology Impact Statement General Paper, Version 0.1 (February 2021).

Our approach to sustainability focuses on developing strategies that can successfully address the environmental, social, and governance topics identified as a priority by our sustainability materiality assessment.

Accordingly, our strategy crystallizes the notion of these two distinct forms of social and environmental impacts those generated by our products (what we produce) and those generated by our business operations (how we produce).

This approach allows us to appropriately highlight that, consistent with our sustainability materiality analysis results, addressing the social impacts generated by our products is the core of our strategy.

These are the areas on which we must focus our resources, to innovate and develop solutions that can contribute to solving some of society’s most pressing challenges.

This also represents an opportunity for growth and our strongest competitive advantage.

The biggest and most pressing negative externality our strategy aims to address is the health impacts of cigarette smoking.

This is the most important contribution we can make to public health and is the cornerstone of PMI’s purpose and business strategy.

To appropriately reflect the results of our recent sustainability materiality analysis, we redesigned our ESG framework to better showcase the ESG topics we should focus on and prioritize our resources.

This framework recognizes two distinct forms of issues: those that relate to our products (what we produce) which are part of the Product Impact pillar and those related to our business operations (how we produce), which are part of the Operational Impact pillar.

We subsequently classified each issue, based on its environmental, social, or governance related nature.

We provide details on the methodology and results of our assessment, as well as on our updated ESG framework, in our Sustainability Materiality Assessment Report 2021.

In the below visual, those topics that require our urgent attention and prioritization are highlighted in the most brightly colored boxes.

These priority topics include all topics related to the Product Impact pillar: materials and product eco design post consumer waste product health impact sales, marketing, and consumer communications innovation in wellness and healthcare responsible R D product reliability and nicotine science.

Our priority topics pertaining to our Operational Impact pillar include climate water biodiversity diversity and inclusion socioeconomic well being of tobacco farming communities human capital development business integrity respect for human rights and sustainable supply chain management.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 Despite its critical importance, achieving a smoke free future is not our final horizon.

We are simultaneously exploring adjacent opportunities for growth in wellness and healthcare, leveraging the capabilities we have accrued and developed while transforming our business.

It is through these avenues of growth that we will achieve our ultimate goal: becoming a business that has a net positive impact on society and the environment.

Our comprehensive strategy also recognizes the need to address other ESG issues related to our products and business operations.

As we accelerate our transition from cigarettes to smoke free products, we must also minimize any adverse effects of our products on the planet.

Our efforts in this area include striving to design our products in a way that optimizes the use of materials and improves circularity, as well as appropriately managing their end of life to minimize negative environmental impacts.

In parallel, we must responsibly manage the impacts of our company’s operations throughout the value chain.

From a social standpoint, this includes ensuring fair treatment and empowerment of our employees and improving the lives of people across our supply chain.

On the environmental front, this means tackling climate change and preserving natural ecosystems.

As a result, our approach to sustainability addresses our ESG priorities through eight impact driven strategies.

Four of these strategies focus on the impacts derived from our products and the remaining four strategies focus on the impacts derived from our business operations.

Last, but not least, our strategy highlights the importance of governance related topics, which cannot be overstated.

Our company’s policies, rules, and procedures define our ability to implement sound strategies that successfully address environmental and social issues.

Sustainability challenges do not exist in a vacuum.

They are often linked, and their interdependencies including the direction of causality and magnitude must be considered as we craft appropriate strategies and develop programs to address our company’s impacts.

For instance, our approach to carbon compensation supported by our portfolio of climate investments (read more here) favors nature based solutions in our supply chain that remove carbon by restoring and enhancing plants and the ecosystem while also providing benefits in the areas of biodiversity, water, and social impact.

In other instances, addressing a particular topic may limit how we tackle another.

For example, the core of our smoke free strategy is to raise awareness of smoke free products among adult smokers and broaden access to them.

In doing so, however, it is critical that we limit our initiatives to minimize the risk that our messages will reach unintended audiences namely, nonsmokers and youth.

Necessary trade offs such as this often occur in the course of our business transformation.

For instance, the manufacturing processes of smoke free consumables are more resource intensive than for cigarettes a circumstance that runs counter to our energy and water conservation efforts in our direct operations.

We are tackling this challenge and improving operational efficiency to mitigate and reverse this impact (read more here).

As another example, the growth of our smoke free business will result in a simultaneous decline of our cigarette business.

While this consequence is fully intended, it also necessarily translates into a gradual decrease in demand for tobacco leaf, which will have an undeniable impact on our contracted farmers.

We seek to minimize the negative effects by improving the socioeconomic well being and resilience of tobacco farming communities (read more here).

Given the multifaceted and complex nature of sustainable development, trade offs are inherent to decision making.

In some circumstances, we are compelled to make sacrifices in one sustainability area to obtain benefits in another, at least for a period.

In designing our strategies and programs, it is vital that we accurately analyze, comprehend, and account for situations of forced compromise, guided by our sustainability materiality assessment.

Incorporating three lenses (stakeholder perspectives, outward impacts, and inward impacts), our sustainability materiality assessment serves as a compass with which to calibrate and prioritize competing ESG issues.

When appropriately addressed, some trade offs can be a source of innovation, as such compromises press us to come up with novel ways to address the tensions that are present.

By embedding an integrated approach to sustainability within our business, we are able to monitor and tackle multiple issues simultaneously, identifying effective solutions that leverage interdependencies to make progress.

Progress requires clearly articulated targets and accountability for meeting them.

Measuring and reporting on progress is a backward looking exercise.

To evaluate the effectiveness of our approach to sustainability and give clarity to both internal and external stakeholders, setting clear targets is paramount.

It allows us to define our direction, align on definitions and measurements of success, and hold ourselves accountable for progress.

When we introduced our 2025 Roadmap in our first Integrated Report (2019), we did not yet have clarity on precisely how we would achieve these ambitions.

Our recent materiality assessment and revamped ESG framework, together with the lessons learned from years of program implementation, prompted us in 2021 to cast a critical eye on our current aspirations and targets.

As a result, we reassessed and redefined our roadmap.

The intention was twofold: First, we wanted to ensure our roadmap was comprehensive, coherent, and consistent with our new strategy (based on our sustainability materiality results and ESG framework) and second, we wanted to evolve our approach to target setting and ensure our goals are connected to impact, not merely to strategic inputs.

In some cases, this has led us to restate our goals to ensure that they are meaningful and viable, while remaining ambitious.

While most goals are not new, they are formulated more clearly.

Our roadmap now consists of 11 critical objectives connected to our eight strategies.

This revamped guide offers straightforward direction to our stakeholders by clearly outlining the social and environmental impacts we aim to achieve with both our products and our business operations.

To link each goal to specific outcomes and impacts, we developed a set of KPIs that precisely articulate how to measure progress and define success.

These 19 KPIs constitute our Sustainability Index.

Covering the full spectrum of our sustainability priorities, the index will allow PMI and our stakeholders to track the company’s progress toward its goals year over year.

In parallel, to increase the robustness of our nonfinancial performance data and disclosures, we developed a consolidated set of nonfinancial standards: PMI’s ESG KPI Protocol.

The Protocol includes the definition, methodology, and scope of each of our main ESG KPIs to ensure measurable, verifiable, consistent, and accurate reporting on progress.

We will make the Protocol publicly available over the summer.

Our roadmap outlines our key goals and informs the route of our company’s long term plan.

PMI’s revised 2025 Roadmap comprises 11 headline goals, running to the end of 2025, connected to our eight strategies.

We believe business can and must help to achieve the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) adopted by the United Nations’ member states in 2015.

Accordingly, we explicitly link each of our eight priority areas of action to the SDG(s) to which it aligns.

We identified the SDGs on which we believe we can have a real and lasting impact (read more about our SDG mapping in our 2021 Sustainability Materiality Report).

Our SDG Index maps the actions and ambitions described throughout this report with the relevant SDGs and their respective targets.

Progress on our roadmap is measured with a set of key performance indicators that collectively form our Sustainability Index.

During 2021, we developed PMI’s Sustainability Index to measure and communicate progress against our aspirations in a rigorous and quantitative manner, using a set of clearly defined and verifiable metrics.

To better align with shareholder and other stakeholder interests, the introduction of this index has allowed the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee of PMI’s Board of Directors to enhance the company’s compensation practices, explicitly linking them to sustainability and further ensuring a strong link between executive compensation and ESG performance (read more here).

PMI’s Sustainability Index comprises 19 KPIs that are directly linked to our 11 roadmap goals.

As with our roadmap, we have split the 19 KPIs according to two drivers: Product Sustainability (11 KPIs) and Operational Sustainability (8 KPIs).

Well defined, allowing for accurate, reliable, and consistent measurement of progress over time.

Meaningful, enabling stakeholders to assess our company’s progress towards its priority sustainability topics.

This required us to revise certain KPIs included in our former sustainability disclosures.

Further, applying these criteria led us to introduce new, more relevant indicators for inclusion in the index.

We have defined annual targets and performance ranges from 2022 to 2025 for each KPI in our Sustainability Index.

On an annual basis, using these predefined target ranges, we will assess and award a score to each KPI.

Thereafter, using a weight assigned to each KPI, the total Sustainability Index score will be calculated on a scale from 0 to 150 percent, with a target between 90 and 110 percent every year.

The weighting applied to each KPI is informed by the results of our sustainability materiality assessment.

Specifically, we attributed the highest weight to the social impacts of our products, where we believe our company can have the greatest impact.

During 2022, we intend to develop a new 2025 aspiration related to the total number of users of PMI smoke free products.

Given the dynamic and evolving smoke free industry, coupled with the potential impact of the Russian invasion of Ukraine (discussed on page 3 of this report) and its potential effects on our business over the mid to long term, which remain uncertain, we are working to refine this ambition and intend to communicate it within the next year.

To better reflect our priorities, as defined by our materiality analysis, we also intend to introduce two new KPIs to the index, incorporating the increasing relevance of water and biodiversity.

Proportion of shipment volume covered by markets with youth access prevention programs in place in indirect retail channels.

Human Our success depends on the dedication, talent, and consumer centric focus of our employees.

As of year end 2021, we directly employed 68,547 people worldwide.

Intellectual Innovation is the backbone of our business transformation.

We invested USD 566 million in adjusted R D expenditures in 2021, of which 99 percent was dedicated to smoke free products.

Innovation also guides improvements in our processes, from sourcing to manufacturing, logistics, and sales.

Natural In 2021, we sourced 291,361 tons of packed tobacco, a material vital to our products.

Beyond tobacco, we use several other raw materials and natural resources such as timber based products, metals, water, and energy to produce our products.

We seek to use these efficiently and to source them sustainably.

Manufactured Our assets such as our two main R D centers, 38 factories, more than 22,000 vehicles, 36 consumer call centers, and 274 IQOS stores allow us to develop, manufacture, deliver, and commercialize our products to meet the demands of our consumers.

Social Building trust with our stakeholders is essential.

We develop and sustain relationships with a network of more than 22,000 suppliers, 253,813 contracted tobacco farmers, around 130 million adult consumers of our cigarette brands, and over 21 million users of our smoke free products.

Our relationships also extend to the retailers of our products, the communities in which we operate, government officials and regulators, nongovernmental organizations, and the multistakeholder initiatives in which we participate.

Financial Our business activities require financial capital, which we strive to allocate efficiently to optimize value and drive sustainable growth.

The capital is provided by our equity and debt holders, as well as by the cash flow generated by our operations.

Our company’s market capitalization as of December 31, 2021, was approximately USD 148 billion, and PMI’s debt was USD 27.8 billion.

At that time, PMI’s long term credit was rated A by Standard Poor’s and Fitch and A2 by Moody’s.

Seek net positive impact as we accelerate the end of smoking and evolve into a broader lifestyle, consumer wellness, and healthcare company.

What we do Transition away from a cigarette company into a world leading smoke free business while simultaneously exploring adjacent avenues of growth.

Ownership and licensing of trademarks and intellectual property: Intellectual property allows PMI to differentiate its offerings from the competition, and is key to communicating product information to the consumer, including meeting consumer needs, such as the quality, taste, image, and value of the product.

The manufacturing of PMI products involves different stages, from the sourcing of tobacco leaf and other materials, as well as smoke free electronic devices, to the production process for cigarettes and smoke free consumables.

We harness our purpose and strategy to create value for our stakeholders through the deliberate allocation of our human, intellectual, natural, manufactured, social, and financial capital.

Human Reached a total of 21.7 million users of PMI smoke free products, of whom an estimated 15.3 million have stopped smoking and switched.

Natural Reduced total value chain CO2e emissions (scope 1 2 3) by 18% and emissions from direct operations (scope 1 2) by 33% versus 2019 baseline.

Reduced prevalence of child labor among contracted.

Maintained 100% of tobacco purchased at no risk of farmers supplying tobacco to PMI from 3.5% in 2020 to 1.8% in 2021, of which 99% of identified cases have been resolved.

Fostered a living income amongst contracted farmers supplying tobacco to PMI (achieving 67%, up from 48% in 2020) and a minimum wage for tobacco farmworkers (achieving 95%, up from 65% in 2020).

Completed five in depth human rights impact assessments since 2018, and ongoing monitoring and implementation of action plans.

Introduced an aspiration to expand PMI’s lifelong learning program across the organization, initially deployed in our Operations function.

Improved representation of women in management positions to 39.7% (up from 37.7% in 2020), and set a baseline to measure inclusion among PMI employees.

Intellectual Launched major new innovation in heat not burn, IQOS.

Reached 1,770 patents granted in PI5 jurisdictions relating to smoke free products.

Published 452 scientific publications since 2008 to share our methods and findings.

Completed 203 toxicological assessment studies, 24 clinical assessment studies, and 44 perception and behavior studies on smoke free products since 2015 deforestation of primary and protected forests.

Optimized 437,915 cubic meters of water in our tobacco supply chain.

Achieved virtually zero waste to landfill from our manufacturing sites globally.

Manufactured Expanded smoke free product portfolio, commercializing 10 different smoke free heat not burn and e vapor devices and over 900 smoke free consumable stock keeping units to meet the needs and preferences of various consumers.

Extended presence, with 71 markets where PMI smoke free products are available for purchase, among which 43% are in low and middle income markets.

Social Purchased 98% of tobacco through direct contracts by PMI and our tobacco suppliers, enabling implementation and monitoring of PMI’s Good Agricultural Practices.

Increased the proportion of critical supplier spend sourced sustainably to 83% in 2021.

Expanded employee resource groups, in partnership with external subject matter experts, for employees to connect based on shared characteristics or life experiences.

Financial Derived 29.1 percent of our annual adjusted net revenues from smoke free products, out of total adjusted net revenues of USD 31.7 billion.

Reported USD 2.7 billion in corporate income taxes.

USD 76.8 billion in total excise tax paid by consumers on.

USD 5.00 annualized dividend based on a quarterly dividend of USD 1.25 share, declared September 15, 2021 14th consecutive year with a dividend increase since becoming a public company in 2008.

Although PMI’s transformation journey started with a vision centered on the critical mission of phasing out cigarettes, this is not its sole and ultimate end goal.

PMI is now actively working to expand its purpose and evolve into a broader lifestyle, consumer wellness and healthcare company, extending its value proposition and innovative capability to commercialize products that go beyond tobacco and nicotine.

Note: Presentation of information in this visual is informed by the Integrated Reporting Framework of the Value Reporting Foundation.

We dedicated much of 2021 to strengthening our governance and better integrating sustainability into our corporate strategy.

Our new sustainability materiality assessment helped us identify, prioritize, calibrate, and define the ESG topics to focus on.

The results allowed us to revamp our ESG framework, categorize topics according to their environmental, social, or governance nature, and introduce two pillars: our products and our business operations.

Besides having a framework that clearly organizes ESG issues, we introduced a new format that helps us convey our approach to sustainability.

More concretely, this new format showcases how these ESG topics are organized and become inputs to a strategy that aims to be impact driven.

Addressing the impacts of our products remains at the core of our strategy.

We, of course, start by focusing on their health impacts.

Beyond that, we have established a clear distinction between the environmental and social impacts that derive from our products (what we produce) and the impacts that derive from our business operations (how we produce).

In addition, we have made corporate governance an all encompassing component of our strategy, recognizing its importance in embedding sustainability into corporate strategy.

PMI employees are the heart, soul, and primary driver of change within our company.

They are the ones building a culture that embraces sustainability and a community conscious of its impacts.

Framing these different impacts and their origins in this way crystallizes both our inputs and desired outcomes, bringing clarity to our organization in terms of how best to allocate resources and integrate sustainability into our ways of working.

We hope it will also help external stakeholders understand our approach to sustainability from an impact perspective.

This approach is composed of eight impact driven strategies and intrinsically connected to our 2025 Roadmap, which communicates our ambitious vision through a set of 11 headline goals.

As sustainability matures and gains importance inside and outside our company, the question of how to measure ESG performance is something many continue to grapple with.

We have long expressed our support for more rigor in sustainability related reporting and disclosures and not just for companies, but also for ESG ratings and related products.

There is a need for greater transparency, more robust methodologies, and better clarity on definitions and assumptions.

We certainly welcome recent developments leading to more consistency in standards under strong governance frameworks.

Accordingly, 2021 was a year when we also focused on developing a clear and accepted process for establishing concrete definitions, documentation, and controls for sustainability with the aim of standardizing how we measure ESG performance.

Taken together, these standards make up our ESG KPI Protocol, which brings structure to the process of defining success, concrete measurements of progress, and clear governance and accountability structures, and will be published later in 2022.

Reporting is, by nature, a backward looking exercise.

That said, we understand that the value of embedding sustainability into corporate strategy lies in thinking long term and being able to disclose forward looking ambitions, transition plans, and progress.

Coupling comparable, meaningful, and reliable data with clear goals, long term plans, and forecasted impacts is central to stakeholders’ and investors’ ability to incorporate ESG into their decision making.

Another topic of debate relates to the optimum way to maximize the alignment of incentives with sustainability related results to meet the evolving expectations of investors and other stakeholders.

We are proud to have answered this demand by introducing a Sustainability Index that lets us integrate ESG performance into long term executive compensation in an easily understandable, strategic, coherent, comprehensive, and credible manner.

We believe that relying on a bespoke index, as opposed to relative external indices, will allow PMI to align its resource allocation and efforts more consistently and strategically with its most material ESG topics.

PMI’s Sustainability Index consists of 19 KPIs, which measure progress toward the 11 goals in our 2025 Roadmap.

We aim to continuously improve our performance and drive material and measurable progress all communicated through open and clear reporting and disclosure.

Having an overarching global sustainability strategy is as important as ensuring it is cascaded down to our markets PMI employees are the heart, soul, and primary driver of change within our company.

They are the ones building a culture that embraces sustainability and a community conscious of its impacts.

Together we ensure that success is achieved while respecting environmental and social boundaries.

We recognize the essential need to continue building legitimacy and trust with our stakeholders, who are fundamental to our company’s purpose and can accelerate the pace at which we achieve it.

Our 2021 Integrated Report aims to address their demands for more transparent, comparable, and reliable information on our ESG risks and performance.

As we continue to transform, learn, and discover better ways to develop solutions that have meaningful impact, we hope our transparency and willingness to engage will spark dialogue with those who can help accelerate the pace of change.

I invite you to reach out and share your feedback, to question, to challenge, and above all, to engage with us as we remain focused on making our company better, focused on sustainability, and committed to our purpose.

PMI’s governance structure underlies our daily activities to ensure that we conduct ourselves and our business in compliance with the highest ethical standards and with integrity.

The primary responsibility of the Board of Directors is to support the long term success of our company.

The Board is responsible for establishing broad corporate policies, setting strategic direction, and overseeing PMI’s Company Management the individuals responsible for PMI’s day to day operations, as defined below.

The Board has established various standing committees to assist with the performance of its responsibilities.

It adopted corporate governance guidelines, which along with the company’s charter, bylaws, charters of Board committees, code of ethics, code of business conduct and ethics for directors, and related person transactions policy provide the framework for the governance of the company.

PMI’s annual Proxy Statement contains detailed information on our Board and committee structure, the independence and diversity of its members, and the responsibilities and meeting frequency of each committee.

PMI’s Company Management (also referred to as our Senior Management Team ) encompasses our Chief Executive Officer, his direct reports leading our different business functions and regions, the Vice President Treasury Corporate Finance, the Vice President Controller, and the Deputy Chief Financial Officer Head of Finance Transformation.

Our Company Management, which totals 24 employees including four women as of March 11, 2022, includes the twelve employees who are executive officers under Section 16 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934.

A biography of each member of our Company Management team can be found on PMI.com.

Support our ability to attract, develop, and retain world class leaders in a controversial industry.

Align the interests of executives and shareholders.

Reward performance against pre established objectives.

Support long term business growth, superior financial results, sustainability efforts, societal alignment, and integrity of conduct.

Promote internal fairness and a disciplined assessment of performance.

Align executive incentives with our risk management objectives.

These objectives provide the framework for the various components of compensation and benefits, which together form an aggregate package intended to be appropriately competitive.

Our executive compensation program reflects our commitment to put sustainability at the core of our corporate strategy.

The three components of total direct compensation for our executive officers are base salary, annual performance based incentive compensation awards, and long term variable equity awards.

We continue to incorporate key measures pertaining to our transformation into both our annual and three year management incentives.

In 2021, annual incentive awards were assessed on six growth measures, including a 20 percent weight for our heat not burn shipment volume and a 15 percent weight on strategic priorities and enablers.

Those are heavily focused on our transformation to smoke free products, and include the drive for material and measurable progress in priority sustainability corridors, alongside transparent and clear sustainability reporting and disclosure.

For more information, please refer to PMI’s Proxy Statement 2022.

We use Performance Share Units (PSUs) as the three year incentive in our executive compensation program.

As set out in PMI’s Proxy Statement 2022, for the 2022 2024 PSUs granted in February 2022, the Compensation Committee established performance metrics at what it believes are appropriately ambitious levels that reflect the Board approved three year plan.

The Board retained the previously used metrics of Total Shareholder Return (TSR), weighted 40 percent, and currency neutral adjusted compound annual diluted earnings per share (EPS) growth, weighted 30 percent.

Product Sustainability, defined as an aggregation of key performance indicators pertaining to social and environmental impacts generated by the company’s products measuring progress on its efforts to maximize the benefits of smoke free products, purposefully phase out cigarettes, seek net positive impact in wellness and healthcare, and reduce post consumer waste and.

Operational Sustainability, defined as an aggregation of key performance indicators pertaining to social and environmental impacts generated by the company’s business activities measuring progress on its efforts to tackle climate change, preserve nature, improve the quality of life of people in its supply chain, and foster an empowered and inclusive workplace.

In line with the Company’s sustainability materiality assessment and their relative priority level in the context of the company’s corporate strategy, Product Sustainability is weighted at 20 percent and Operational Sustainability is weighted at 10 percent, together amounting to 30 percent of the total PSU award.

In February 2022, PMI’s Board of Directors decided to better reflect PMI’s commitment to sustainability, which is the core of its corporate strategy, by including the Sustainability Index as one of our performance metrics under equity awards.

Following the index’s structure, its KPIs are aggregated into two main drivers: Product Sustainability and Operational Sustainability.

Integrating sustainability into our company relies on a formal structure with clear accountabilities at different levels of the organization.

While the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee (NCGC) oversees the company’s ESG and sustainability strategies and performance and advises the Board on sustainability matters, several other committees are tasked with oversight responsibility for different sustainability topics.

For instance, the Audit Committee oversees, among other matters, the risk management of climate change, manufacturing and supply chain disruption, and the privacy and cybersecurity risk assessment, while the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee is responsible for executive compensation matters and will track and assess the company’s performance on the PMI Sustainability Index.

The NCGC and full Board of Directors are each updated at least once per year by the Chief Sustainability Officer (CSO) on sustainability related matters, including progress in priority areas and an overview of key initiatives.

In 2021, PMI’s Board of Directors reviewed the results of PMI’s sustainability materiality assessment and refreshed sustainability strategy, the establishment of PMI’s Sustainability Index, and updated PMI’s Statement of Purpose.

Anchoring our sustainability priorities with executive responsibilities and accountabilities helps embed our strategy into our daily operations.

Members of our Company Management are responsible for driving progress and delivering on our sustainability targets within their respective functions.

As described above, the Compensation and Leadership Development Committee has tied a significant portion of our Company Management’s compensation to the Sustainability Index.

Composed of members of the Company Management, PMI’s Sustainability Committee meets at least four times per year.

In 2021, meetings of the Sustainability Committee focused on reviewing the results of the sustainability materiality assessment and establishment of refreshed strategy, the development of PMI’s Sustainability Index and ESG KPI Protocol, PMI’s performance in ESG ratings and rankings, and received updates on various sustainability initiatives.

Reviews and validates sustainability materiality analysis, strategy, commitments, goals, and annual reporting.

Ensures alignment and coordination of efforts across the different functions in the company, provides recommendations for program portfolio, and monitors performance.

Coordinate development and deployment of specific cross functional programs.

Defines corporate sustainability materiality and strategy, coordinates program implementation by working closely with all business functions and with markets, and manages reporting on performance.

Drive execution of sustainability programs, including development of policies, procedures, and road maps, establishment of performance metrics and targets, and monitoring and reporting on progress within the organization.

Play a critical role in delivering progress on sustainability.

Fully integrating ESG drivers into business strategy can significantly enhance both sustainability agendas and financial performance.

Accordingly, our CSO reports to PMI’s Chief Financial Officer (CFO), a member of the Company Management who heads the Sustainability, Finance, and Strategy functions three essential components working hand in hand to drive strong and coherent value creation and deliver long term success.

Our CSO leads the integration of sustainability across our business.

She updates the Sustainability Committee on a quarterly basis and hosts the Sustainability Group composed of functional leaders quarterly.

The CSO heads PMI’s Sustainability Team, which leads PMI’s sustainability materiality analysis, defines strategy, manages reporting on performance, and coordinates strategy implementation across the different business functions and markets.

Program specific working groups meet periodically to cross functionally coordinate the strategy, targets, and performance of specific sustainability programs.

Further, at the market level, dedicated sustainability coordinators help ensure that sustainability priorities are cascaded and programs are localized.

Deep understanding of the topic, context, materiality, external expectations, and interdependencies with other issues.

Governance structures and policies to formally guide our actions and ambitions.

Performance indicators to measure progress and evaluate our efforts, attached to targets to drive improvement and provide clarity on our desired outcomes.

Concrete activities to achieve progress against targets.

Transparent reporting on progress, which encourages dialogue by allowing stakeholders to scrutinize our actions.

We continuously update and strengthen our programs as knowledge improves, progress is made, or the relative importance of specific topics changes.

We designed our risk management and internal control practices to address all significant and or emerging strategic, external, inherent process, and project deployment risks that could undermine our ability to achieve our strategic business objectives and create value over time.

ESG related risks and opportunities are considered within our enterprise risk management practices.

We identify and prioritize key risk areas based on four dimensions: the impact of a risk on PMI were it to occur, its likelihood, its velocity, and its interconnectivity with other risks.

PMI assigns ownership of each prioritized key risk area to a member of our Company Management, with oversight from the Board of Directors or a particular Board committee.

With support and insights provided by the risk management and Corporate Audit functions, our Company Management reports regularly on these risks to the appropriate Board committees and to the entire Board of Directors throughout the year.

As part of its risk management practices, the company has established a Corporate Risk Governance Committee (CRGC) made up of senior executive officers, including the Chief Financial Officer, Senior Vice President General Counsel, Chief Digital Information Officer, Vice President PMI Controller, Global Head of Risk Controls, Chief Information Security Officer, Vice President and Chief Ethics Compliance Officer, and Vice President, Corporate Audit.

In addition, the Chief Executive Officer and Vice President Corporate Secretary are informed of the risk management observations and insights shared with the CRGC.

The CRGC and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors receive updates related to the company’s risk management and internal controls practices at least once per quarter.

Risk management is facilitated through periodic alignment of first line business, second line risk management, and third line Corporate Audit functions.

Beyond the primary business functions, our risk management framework involves Risk Controls, Ethics Compliance, Information Security, Data Privacy, and Corporate Audit.

As the overarching risk management function, Risk Controls defines, develops, maintains, and executes risk management policies and methodologies, including the Enterprise Risk Management framework.

In 2021, a Quality Compliance function was formed to apply the existing risk management framework in the areas of research practices, product quality and stewardship, and regulatory compliance.

Corporate Audit, an independent function, provides senior management and the Audit Committee with objective assurance and advisory services designed to assess the adequacy and effectiveness of the company’s internal control systems and use of resources.

Taking a holistic approach, these functions collaborate to continuously identify, assess, and respond to evolving or emerging strategic, external, inherent process, and project deployment risks.

At the request of the CRGC, the Risk Controls function defines the company’s approach to risk management and coordinates a periodic enterprise risk assessment, which brings together the business, risk management, and Corporate Audit functions.

ESG related risks and opportunities are considered within our enterprise risk assessment, which also leverages the company’s sustainability materiality assessment process.

More specifically, the priority ESG topics identified by the latest sustainability materiality assessment determine which ESG risks and opportunities are considered in the enterprise risk assessment.

In complement to our periodic enterprise risk assessments and regular sustainability materiality analyses, we have various risk evaluation mechanisms in place to support the development of tailored strategies and responses for our priority ESG issues along our value chain.

Focused on environmental and social issues, some of these assessments include human rights risks saliency mapping, periodic climate risk and opportunities assessments, product life cycle assessments, and deforestation and water risk assessments.

Among other risk monitoring activities (e.g., reviews, advisories, assessments), our technical procedures and internal controls over financial reporting comply with the Sarbanes Oxley (SOX) Act.

Risk Controls and our external auditors provide independent opinions on the design and operating effectiveness.

Our business, risk management, and Corporate Audit functions execute assurance gathering activities beyond the SOX scope, addressing inherent process risks by leveraging the defined library of Global Standard Processes, Risks, and Controls.

Following our risk response to the outbreak and spread of COVID 19 in 2020 and 2021, we have structurally embedded certain risk management activities (for instance, the mobilization of local risk functions in the rapid testing and validation of centrally issued guidance in response to risk) in our overall approach to risk management.

Finally, we disclose the company’s risk factors in our 10 K and 10 Q submissions to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

As ESG objectives have become a cornerstone of our corporate strategy, we will continue to strengthen the integration of ESG related risks into our risk management and internal control practices.

Pre transformation (in 2015), our combustible product volume totaled 881 billion units, or 99.9 percent of our shipment volume ratio, and, since then, in only seven years, it has declined by more than 26 percent.

Over the same period, our smoke free shipment increased to 95 billion units, representing 12.8 percent of our shipment volume in 2021.

Intentionally work toward phasing out cigarettes by ensuring that smoke free products represent at least 30 percent of our shipment volumes and more than half of our net revenues by 2025 while continuing to reduce our combustible shipment volume.

For many decades, public health strategies to reduce tobacco related morbidity and mortality focused primarily on preventing smoking initiation and encouraging smokers to quit.

Novel, scientifically substantiated smoke free products now provide regulators the opportunity to supplement and significantly strengthen the existing public health approach by encouraging adult smokers who do not quit to switch to scientifically substantiated better alternatives to continued smoking.

We can make an important contribution to accelerating the end of smoking.

To achieve this objective, we are dedicating the vast majority of our resources to commercializing our smoke free products.

Everyone within our organization regardless of business function plays a crucial role in delivering on this purpose.

We recognize that PMI alone cannot achieve a smoke free future.

Such systemic change requires a collaborative multistakeholder approach.

In particular, we actively advocate for others in the industry to follow our lead by transforming their businesses, phasing out cigarettes, and reporting transparently on progress.

Our priority is to address the health impacts associated with smoking by offering smoke free, science based alternatives that have been proven to be a far better choice than cigarettes for those adults who would otherwise continue to smoke.

However, we do not believe it is enough to simply offer more choice to consumers.

Rather, we are seeking to help adult smokers switch to the better alternatives now available and put cigarettes behind them.

And we are seeking to work with policymakers to ensure these products replace cigarettes as quickly as possible.

We have set the ambition to generate at least 50 percent of our adjusted net revenues from smoke free products by 2025 just 10 years after our first full IQOS launches.

To accelerate our transformation, we are dedicating the vast majority of our resources to the commercialization of our smoke free products and we have streamlined our cigarette portfolio to offer fewer brands and variants.

Specifically, smoke free products represented 73 percent of our commercial expenditure in 2021 (2020: 76 percent).

Moreover, our combustibles product shipment volume decreased by 26.3 percent versus 2015.

Our Business Transformation Metrics provide a more comprehensive overview of our progress and our efforts to shift resources to best deliver on our company’s purpose (see here).

To progress on our smoke free journey, it is however essential that we maintain our competitive position in the cigarette market during the transition period.

It allows us to focus our commercial efforts toward raising awareness of and informing adult smokers about smoke free products and the benefits of switching versus continued smoking.

It also generates the financial resources needed to continue investing in scientific research, and product development, and to the manufacture and commercialization of smoke free products.

In this regard, the extensive commercial and distribution infrastructure in place for our traditional tobacco business provides an effective platform for launching smoke free products at scale.

While seeking to remain competitive in the cigarette segment for as long as needed, we carefully consider the commercial activities required to do so.

We base our decisions on consumer insights, compliance with regulatory requirements, and adherence to our Marketing Codes.

We are guided by our conviction that people who do not smoke should not start, those who do smoke should quit, and those adults who won’t quit tobacco and nicotine altogether should switch to less harmful alternatives to cigarettes.

Regulation of all nicotine containing products (including both combustible and smoke free) is essential.

We advocate for a comprehensive and risk proportionate regulatory framework that acknowledges that not all tobacco and nicotine products are the same.

Regulation and taxation should subject the most harmful products those that combust tobacco to the most restrictive measures and should encourage those adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to switch to less harmful alternatives.

Several factors outside our control government action, in particular influence how quickly we can see an end to cigarettes.

To speed up the process, regulators and public health authorities can ensure that adult smokers have access to accurate information about smoke free products.

They can introduce product standards to ensure that only scientifically substantiated smoke free products are commercialized.

And, through risk proportionate regulation and taxation, they can provide the right incentives to encourage adults who smoke to switch from cigarettes to less harmful, scientifically substantiated alternatives and incentivize manufacturers to direct their investments and R D toward these better products.

The acceptability of smoke free products for adult smokers must always be balanced against the objective of minimizing use by unintended audiences such as never smokers, former smokers, and youth.

Policy and regulation can accelerate or hinder progress toward a smoke free future.

Our ability to maximize access is subject to (the right kind of) regulatory frameworks enabling systems change and allowing these new products to replace cigarettes as rapidly as possible (see our Stakeholder engagement section).

Currently, some countries do not permit the sale of smoke free products.

We nevertheless continue to engage with stakeholders in these markets to advocate for regulatory frameworks that support tobacco harm reduction.

We do not believe that banning smoke free products is a rational policy, especially considering that these countries permit the sale of the most harmful forms of tobacco and nicotine consumption: cigarettes and other combustible tobacco products.

Banning smoke free alternatives runs counter to the aim of ending cigarette use.

PMI is committed to delivering a smoke free future.

Once smoke free products represent a viable segment of the nicotine marketplace with the potential to move most adult smokers away from combustible tobacco use, governments can implement additional industry wide measures to phase out cigarettes altogether.

We believe that a clear roadmap agreed by political, regulatory, and public health stakeholders, supported by both civil society and businesses, offers the best prospect for further accelerating the end of smoking.

Increased investment in prevention, quitting campaigns, and cessation services, with a particular focus on vulnerable populations.

Measures to address adult smokers’ confusion about the role of combustion and nicotine in the development of smoking related disease.

Regulatory and fiscal differentiation between combustible products and non combusted forms of tobacco and nicotine, coupled with robust safeguards against unintended use.

Post market monitoring and surveillance to assess public health outcomes and the impact of policy interventions.

Phase out policies to help permanently end smoked tobacco sales.

Post phase out support for adult smokers who still continue smoking.

To that end, we are transforming our operations and value chain to develop and commercialize science based better alternatives to smoking.

Cigarette smoking is the most dangerous form of nicotine consumption.

And those adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke should switch to the better alternatives to cigarettes now available.

Our priority is to address the health impacts associated with smoking by offering scientifically substantiated options that have been demonstrated to be a far better choice than continued smoking.

We then chose to go beyond that by giving these products the purpose of replacing cigarettes, helping achieve the end of smoking.

Our purpose is to make our legacy product, cigarettes, obsolete.

The public health benefit of smoke free products depends not only on their potential to reduce the risk of smoking related disease compared with continued smoking but also on adult smokers using these products instead of cigarettes.

This is critical to achieve the expected public health benefit.

For that, broadening access is key, and we are committed to improving consumer awareness, while also making smoke free products more acceptable, available, and affordable to adults who smoke.

The future of nicotine is undisputedly in smoke free products, which are experiencing rapid growth.

Through our early and sustained investment in R D and consequent leadership in technology and innovation, we have built a powerful position and competitive advantage.

By focusing our commercial expenditure on encouraging adult smokers who otherwise would not quit, to switch fully to better alternatives, we aim to reach as many adult smokers as possible in as many markets as possible this includes the around 130 million PMI cigarette smokers, as well as the hundreds of millions of adult smokers who buy competitor brands.

The business case is clear: Our smoke free product consumables drive higher net revenues per unit than cigarettes, with accretive product contribution per unit already helping to generate attractive returns on our significant upfront and ongoing investments in developing the category.

We are also gaining share of the total tobacco market, thereby increasing our current and future revenue base.

We are committed to marketing and selling our products responsibly.

Concerns that our products, marketing, or sales could discourage smoking cessation, encourage initiation of nicotine use, or hold particular appeal to minors would undermine our credibility, harm our reputation, and potentially trigger adverse regulation, hampering our ability to achieve a smoke free future as fast as possible.

Note: In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke free industry.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

Addressing the impact of our combustible products on consumers’ health is at the core of our strategy and company purpose.

Purposefully phase out cigarettes (read more here) 4.

In 2021, we established a category management structure to accelerate delivery of a smoke free future.

Under this structure, strategic responsibility for our smoke free and combustibles businesses, respectively, rest with two members of our Company Management: our President, Smoke Free Products Category Chief Consumer Officer and our President, Combustibles Category Global Combustibles Marketing.

Our President, Smoke Free Products Category Chief Consumer Officer oversees smoke free products, driving their growth trajectory, fostering consumer centricity, and leveraging the strengths of our markets and regions.

In complement, a team led by our Chief Product Officer continuously develops and enhances PMI’s smoke free products, drawing on consumer feedback and technological innovations.

Our Operations function led by our Senior Vice President, Operations works to ensure our manufacturing capabilities meet the demand for smoke free products.

The smoke free and combustibles category presidents oversee the deployment of our marketing and sales activities and adherence to our Marketing Codes.

The Codes are subject to a robust governance process established in 2021.

The newly formed Marketing Review Council guides the implementation of these Codes across the organization.

To make our progress measurable and verifiable, we developed a set of bespoke key performance indicators (KPIs), which we call our Business Transformation Metrics.

These metrics, which we report on periodically, allow our stakeholders to assess both the pace and scale of our transformation.

Over the years, based on stakeholder feedback, we have expanded the number of metrics to increase transparency and clarity about our progress.

Our Business Transformation Metrics also showcase how we are allocating resources away from our traditional cigarette business, aiming to base our success on a future in which we no longer make or sell cigarettes.

Through more than a decade of substantial investment in R D, we have developed products that provide the satisfying experience of consuming nicotine without burning tobacco.

We implemented a rigorous scientific assessment program that aims to align with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA’ s) 2012 draft guidance on modified risk tobacco products (learn more about how we conduct our R D here and on PMIscience.com).

Our program, in line with epidemiological and toxicological principles, aims to compare the health outcomes of switching to smoke free products versus continued smoking.

In addition to aerosol chemistry and nonclinical and clinical studies, our assessment program incorporates consumer behavior studies.

These allow us to monitor and evaluate the use of our smoke free products by intended audiences and not by youth, former smokers who have quit nicotine and tobacco altogether, or those who have never smoked.

In addition, following market launch, we continuously monitor the safety profile of our smoke free products to ensure that any new or different health risks associated with their use can be identified in a timely fashion, should they occur, and are managed appropriately.

We have put a rigorous global safety surveillance process in place to monitor and respond to potential safety signals.

Based on the data collected, we provide annual safety update reports, which include notifications received directly from consumers, and we share them with several regulators, including the FDA.

Developing and expanding our human, intellectual, and social capital is key to our transformation.

Our two main R D centers, located in Switzerland and Singapore, employ hundreds of scientists, engineers, and other experts working to develop, improve, and assess smoke free products.

This work is headed by our President Vectura Fertin Pharma and Chief Life Sciences Officer, Chief Product Officer, and President, Smoke Free Products Category Chief Consumer Officer, who are members of PMI’s Company Management.

PMI is developing and scientifically assessing products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm than continued smoking.

Now, to achieve a smoke free future faster and put cigarettes behind us, we need to ensure that adult smokers have access to these better products.

Adult smokers are aware of the benefits of switching to smoke free products compared with continued use of combustible tobacco products.

The products are accepted by adult smokers as a viable alternative to cigarettes.

The products are conveniently available for sale to adult smokers.

Smoke free products are affordable to adult smokers.

In this context, a regulatory framework allowing the products to be sold and adult smokers to know that these products exist and are available is essential.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

Even as we work to make them obsolete, cigarettes continue to represent the majority of our net revenues and are likely to do so until 2025 (see our 2025 Roadmap).

Accordingly, when we establish policies and practices that guide the responsible commercialization of our products, these include the totality of products being sold by PMI both smoke free and combustible products.

Implementing appropriate supply and demand measures can help maximize the public health benefits smoke free products bring at a population level.

Raising awareness while minimizing the risk of unintended consequences is vital.

This includes ensuring these products are marketed and sold responsibly to adult consumers of nicotine containing products.

Fundamental to achieving this objective is conducting marketing and sales activities that provide clear and meaningful information about our products, including the risks associated with their use.

PMI products are only for adults who smoke or use other nicotine containing consumer products.

We warn consumers about the health effects of our products.

We communicate about our products to enable adult consumers to make informed choices.

We market our products truthfully and transparently, with claims that are accurate and not misleading.

We design, develop, and commercialize our products in ways that are consistent with our smoke free purpose.

Scientific research and product innovation can advance tobacco harm reduction and benefit adult smokers, thereby positively impacting public health.

To this end, we will continue to invest in science and in the development and acquisition of products and technologies.

We dedicate almost all of our adjusted R D expenditure (99 percent in 2021) to smoke free products, including wellness and healthcare products.

These expenditures include costs related to clinical studies, the development of machinery, prototypes, and product acceptability testing, and innovation in materials and design to create better and more sustainable products.

The remaining 1 percent is associated with our combustible tobacco products, largely allocated to meeting regulatory compliance requirements and sustainability considerations, including the development and introduction of more sustainable filter materials (read more here).

Since 2008, PMI has invested over USD 9 billion in research, product development, production capacity, scientific substantiation, and studies on adult smoker understanding.

Our smoke free product portfolio includes heat not burn and e vapor products, as well as oral nicotine products.

They are developed and manufactured according to high standards of quality and consistency.

As of year end 2021, our R D work and its associated innovations have resulted in 1,770 patents granted for smoke free technologies by the five largest intellectual property offices in the world (IP5).

Our most thoroughly assessed smoke free product is the IQOS tobacco heating system (see the next page).

We apply rigorous science to substantiate its harm reduction potential compared with cigarette smoking, including systems toxicology, preclinical and clinical assessments, and perception and behavior assessments.

The results of our studies are publicly available, published in peer reviewed scientific publications, and have been submitted to numerous regulatory authorities, including the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA).

In July 2020, the FDA authorized the marketing of the 2.4 version of PMI’s IQOS tobacco heating system as a modified risk tobacco product (MRTP) with reduced exposure information.

This followed the agency’s April 2019 authorization of the marketing of the IQOS tobacco heating system as appropriate for the protection of public health pursuant to the premarket tobacco product application (PMTA) pathway.

For our e vapor products, we have performed preclinical assessment and are executing clinical and perception and behavior studies.

The totality of the scientific evidence makes us confident that switching completely from cigarettes to smoke free products is likely to present less risk of harm than continuing to smoke.

Post market studies are necessary to continue building this confidence and, over time, quantify the reduction in morbidity and mortality through epidemiology.

During the assessment of smoke free products, several lines of evidence come into play and complement one another: Evidence from controlled scientific experiments answers precise, predefined questions, while evidence collected from the real world helps researchers understand the uptake, use, and health effects of a product in real life settings.

To date, real world evidence indicates that introducing heated tobacco products can have a beneficial impact on a population as a whole.

The launch of heated tobacco products in Japan coincides not only with a reduction in cigarette sales but also with a decrease in hospitalization rates due to chronic obstructive pulmonary disease exacerbation and ischemic heart disease.2 We will continue to gather and evaluate real world data in particular, epidemiological data from long term follow up studies that include information on other variables that might impact the risk of developing smoking related diseases as well as lifestyle and other environmental factors (e.g., diet, pollution).

The cumulative evidence on our smoke free products to date, including both experimental and real life data, points firmly in the direction of harm reduction.

Note: The FDA does not endorse or approve tobacco products.

Specific factors associated with changing hospitalization rates over time have not been fully analyzed.

Subject to inherent limitations of ecological analysis.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

A smoke free product’s risk reduction potential relies on the quality of the initial product design and on strict manufacturing controls to ensure that the product delivers a consistent aerosol.

No combustion in our IQOS tobacco heating system: The primary cause of smoking related disease is the long term exposure to the high levels of harmful chemicals generated by burning tobacco.

By avoiding combustion, we can significantly reduce or eliminate the formation of harmful and potentially harmful constituents (HPHCs).

Reduction in emissions of harmful and potentially harmful constituents: We compared the chemical composition of the aerosol produced by IQOS with the smoke from a reference cigarette designed for scientific research purposes and found that the levels of HPHCs in the aerosol are reduced on average by 90 to 95 percent compared with those found in the reference cigarette’s smoke.

In addition, extensive chemical characterization of the IQOS aerosol showed that there are approximately 10 times fewer constituents in IQOS aerosol than in the reference cigarette smoke.

No negative impact on overall indoor air quality: We also conducted chemistry and quality studies, which demonstrated that the use of IQOS does not negatively impact indoor air quality.

Reduced toxicity: We conducted toxicological studies for IQOS, both in vitro and in vivo, to determine whether the reduced formation of HPHCs in the aerosol leads to reduced toxicity.

Results from the in vitro studies show that the IQOS aerosol is significantly less cytotoxic and genotoxic than the smoke from cigarettes.

The in vivo studies found that, compared with cigarette smoke, the reduced exposure to toxicants results in significantly reduced lung inflammation and respiratory toxicity.

Reduced risk of cardiovascular disease, chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD), and lung cancer in laboratory models: We conducted several systems toxicology studies to assess the disease relevant biological mechanisms affected by exposure to toxicants, using human derived in vitro cell cultures and organotypic tissue cultures.

These showed that, compared with the reference cigarette smoke, the IQOS aerosol has a significantly reduced impact on key mechanisms involved in the development of respiratory and cardiovascular diseases.

We also completed an in vivo study to assess the potential of the IQOS aerosol to reduce the risk of lung inflammation, emphysema, and lung cancer compared with cigarette smoke.

The results of this study show that, in contrast to cigarette smoke, the aerosol of IQOS does not increase the incidence and number of lung tumors.

It also confirmed a significantly reduced effect of IQOS aerosol on lung inflammation and emphysema.

Nicotine uptake: When a smoker is switching to IQOS, the nicotine uptake and urge to smoke scores are comparable to continued smoking.

This suggests that switchers can find IQOS acceptable and satisfying as an alternative to smoking.

Reduced exposure to harmful chemicals: Our clinical studies on IQOS completed to date have involved thousands of participants and up to 12 months of exposure.

They have found that smokers who switched completely to IQOS during the studies were exposed to significantly lower levels of harmful chemicals compared with those who continued to smoke.

Further, they showed that the levels of 15 biomarkers of exposure in participants switching completely to IQOS were comparable to the levels of those who quit tobacco and nicotine for the duration of the study.

Positive impact on smokers’ health: In a six month clinical study of healthy volunteers, we measured eight health indicators that are known to change favorably following smoking cessation.

We observed that after participants had switched from smoking to IQOS for six months, each of these indicators improved in the direction expected upon smoking cessation, five of them with statistical significance.

We completed a six month extension study to understand what the same markers look like 12 months after switching.

Toxicological assessments are used to determine whether the reduced formation of HPHCs leads to reduced toxicity and reduced risk of smoking related diseases in laboratory models.

Clinical assessments help determine the extent to which adult smokers would find the product an acceptable alternative to cigarettes.

They assess whether a reduction in the formation of HPHCs measured in the laboratory leads to a reduction in HPHC exposure when an adult smoker switches to the product and investigate whether switching from cigarettes to a smoke free product has a beneficial effect on a smoker’s health profile by reducing the risk of smoking related diseases compared with continued smoking.

Perception and behavior studies help us evaluate risk perceptions and patterns of use of smoke free products among various adult consumer groups.

For smoke free products to have an overall positive impact on public health, it is important that adult smokers use them, that those intending to quit tobacco and nicotine altogether are not dissuaded by these products, and that nonsmokers do not use them.

Good product understanding and low intent to use among nonsmokers: The results of our premarket studies show that the adult consumer groups tested have a very good understanding that IQOS presents less risk of harm than cigarettes but is not risk free and that it is riskier than nicotine cessation.

Additionally, when assessed in the context of specific communication materials, more than 90 percent of participants in consumer studies understood that IQOS is not intended for nonsmokers, and more than 80 percent comprehended that quitting the use of tobacco and nicotine altogether is the best way to reduce the risk of tobacco related diseases.

Post market monitoring and use patterns: We constantly monitor reports to identify safety concerns and health related adverse events potentially associated with the use of our smoke free products.

Further, we conduct post market studies to understand how IQOS is used and by whom, helping us measure the extent to which adult smokers switch to the product.

By conducting repeated studies in 53 countries among adult IQOS users, involving in total about 70,000 participants, we have been able to measure IQOS use patterns among adult users over time.

Overall, the data from these studies confirm that IQOS is reaching the intended audience of adult smokers (with a significant proportion of individuals who purchase the product switching fully to it and stopping smoking) and is of very limited interest to adults who have never used nicotine products or who had already stopped using tobacco.

Finally, our post market studies confirm that consumers understand that IQOS presents less risk than cigarettes but is not risk free and presents more risk than tobacco and nicotine cessation.

We continue to assess our smoke free products after they are on the market.

Long term assessment will confirm whether these products reduce the risk of smoking related disease.

Long term effects of product use: Long term epidemiological data are needed to accurately quantify the overall disease risk reduction effect associated with switching from cigarette smoking to the use of smoke free products, as well as to evaluate the excess disease risk associated with the use of these products compared with not using tobacco and nicotine.

Generating reliable epidemiological evidence requires that smoke free products be available on the market for many years.

Further, the products must be used for a sufficiently long period by a sufficient portion of adult smokers who have switched to them.

This renders epidemiological studies impracticable in a premarket setting or in the early phase of market introduction.

Real world evidence: We initiated time trend studies in 2020 to complement our other research.

These studies use existing data to estimate the prevalence and incidence of disease.

They explore factors associated with health outcomes at the population level.

Independent evidence already links the launch of IQOS to an accelerated decline in cigarette sales in Japan, the first country in which IQOS was launched nationwide, in 2015.

We assessed time series of Japanese hospital data and health insurance claims for two smoking related diseases (chronic obstructive pulmonary disease and ischemic heart disease) to detect a potential impact of the introduction of IQOS at the population level.

We obtained hospitalization rates for selected smoking related endpoints: COPD, COPD exacerbations, and ischemic heart disease.

This data came from two databases: Medical Data Vision and Japan Medical Data Center.

We compared rates of hospitalization for these endpoints before and after the introduction of heated tobacco products (HTPs) in Japan.

We found that observed hospitalization rates dropped below predicted rates shortly after launch.

There are many limitations to this type of research, and these results by themselves do not indicate a causal relationship.

We are therefore assessing the possibility of running the same type of assessment in other countries where HTP uptake is sufficient and real world datasets are available.

In addition, independent studies that measure disease risk using epidemiology are starting to emerge (see the example from South Korea using data from the National Health Insurance Service on the next page).

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

We welcome and encourage independent research on our products, methods, and results.

Over the past several years, a growing number of organizations and institutions have initiated studies of our smoke free products or the methods and results surrounding them.

Several government agencies have already reviewed the available evidence or conducted research of their own (see overview on PMI.com).

In addition to studies on aerosol chemistry and toxicology, the first independent clinical and post market studies have begun to emerge.

One example of encouraging real world evidence supporting the harm reduction potential of smoke free products comes from South Korea.

By using data from their National Health Insurance Service researchers were able to showcase that, compared with continued smoking, switching to smoke free products was associated with 23 percent lower risk of developing cardiovascular disease among both recent switchers and long term switching.1 Long term quitters, or those who had quit all products for more than five years, were associated with 37 percent lower risk.

The list of independent studies (close to 280 in total) published around PMI’s smoke free products or our methods and results as of March 16, 2022 is available on PMIscience.com.

However, some approach the data differently (e.g., using fresh air as the comparator instead of cigarette smoke), have methodological differences (e.g., enrolled populations, studies that do not follow OECD guidelines), or overstate conclusions.

The public health benefit of smoke free products depends not only on their potential to reduce the individual risk of smoking related disease but also on their actual use by adult smokers as alternatives to cigarettes and other combusted tobacco products.

For smokers to switch to them, these alternatives must be known and accessible.

To the extent permitted, we deploy relentless efforts to improve and increase consumer awareness, acceptability, availability, and affordability of our smoke free products.

Acting on these four access drivers will best position us to achieve two critical ambitions by 2025: for our smoke free products to be available for sale in 100 markets and for at least 40 million adults to have switched to them and stopped smoking.

We want our smoke free products to serve every adult smoker who does not quit smoking, and we plan for at least half of those markets to be in low and middle income markets, bolstered by new innovative solutions for consumers with lower purchasing power.

As of the end of 2021, 21.7 million adults were using our smoke free products, of whom we estimate that 15.3 million had switched to these products and stopped smoking, and PMI smoke free products were available for sale in 71 markets.

Combined Associations of Changes in Noncombustible Nicotine or Tobacco Product (NNTP) and Combustible Cigarette (CC) Use Habits With Subsequent Short Term Cardiovascular Disease Risk Among South Korean Men.

Observation period 2018 Dec 2019 Source: Data available on https: doi.org 10.1161 Note: The study has several limitations, including that the follow up is too short to make any conclusive remarks based solely on this study.

Minimizing tobacco related harm at the population level depends not only on the degree of risk reduction of the smoke free products, but also on their adoption by adults who would otherwise continue to smoke.

This case study looks at the impact of the introduction of heated tobacco products on cigarette sales and smoking prevalence in two countries with the highest market share of heated tobacco products in the world, namely Japan and Lithuania.

We want those adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to understand the risks and benefits of our smoke free products compared with continued cigarette use.

They also need to understand that quitting tobacco and nicotine altogether is the best option and that smoke free products are not risk free and contain nicotine, which is addictive.

We apply strict principles regarding with whom, how, and where we communicate about the existence and risks and benefits of our smoke free products.

These principles are crystallized in our Marketing Codes.

We seek to provide accurate and non misleading information so that those adults who would otherwise continue to smoke are motivated to switch.

Our premarket and post market studies guide our consumer facing activities and communication, including the internal assessment of product claims and consumer messages.

A cross functional team of scientists, market researchers, lawyers, communication experts, and marketers review product claims and consumer messages about our product features and benefits, ensuring that all statements are accurate, clear, and non misleading.

The lack of information about and awareness of smoke free products presents a big hurdle to achieving tobacco harm reduction.

It is also potentially the easiest to overcome: Public health policymakers, regulatory bodies, the scientific community, and civil society have a big impact on smokers’ decisions.

It is therefore imperative that these entities do their part in informing adult smokers who otherwise would not quit about the risks and benefits of switching to smoke free products.

Informing the world about the smoke free category Unlike combusted tobacco products, smoke free alternatives are a new product category and are still relatively unfamiliar to most people.

In 2019, we launched Unsmoke a global corporate campaign deployed across various online and offline communications channels to address widespread misconceptions about the smoke free category and the concepts that underpin it (e.g., combustion, the role of nicotine, and the potential of these products for public health).

Unsmoke Your World (UYW): Calls for positive change by reinforcing that quitting tobacco and nicotine altogether is the best choice and informing the adult general public that better, smoke free alternatives exist for those adult smokers who would otherwise continue smoking.

It also encourages the public to get involved and calls for regulation that would allow adult smokers access to and information about better alternatives.

Unsmoke Your Mind (UYM): Speaks to the regulatory and scientific community and other stakeholders with an interest in tobacco harm reduction policy.

UYM challenges misconceptions around the smoke free category and calls for an open and transparent conversation to support risk proportionate regulation that differentiates smoke free products from cigarettes.

It also urges policymakers to put science and evidence at the center of decision making.

In 2021, we improved our market research methodology by expanding beyond specific geographic focus areas (e.g., key cities) to full national coverage of our surveys, making a year on year comparison impossible.

Applying the previous methodology and considering the same 54 markets covered in 2020, however, the proportion has increased from 36 percent in 2020 to 40 percent in 2021.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021      s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

Communicating and engaging with adult consumers Although smoke free products have been commercialized in many countries and for many years, a considerable proportion of adult smokers are still unaware that they exist and thus continue to smoke cigarettes.

Further, the lack of understanding of the category and the potential benefits of switching to smoke free products (compared to continued smoking) leaves many smokers unmotivated to switch.

There also continues to be a profound lack of understanding that, when it comes to cigarette smoking, it is combustion, rather than nicotine, that is the primary cause of harm and disease (read more here about nicotine science).

To raise awareness, resolve biases, and clear up misconceptions, we engage with adult smokers to ensure they understand the facts underlying scientifically substantiated smoke free products and why they can be a better choice than continuing to smoke.

We also make sure smokers are aware that these better alternatives are not risk free and in most cases contain nicotine, which is addictive.

This comprehensive approach has been shown to improve consumer awareness and understanding of our products and the science and data behind them year on year.

User experience and utilization of smoke free devices As smoke free products may not be as intuitive as cigarette smoking, we need to inform consumers of their proper use.

We do so while applying strict rules on how we communicate and engage with our adult consumers (read more here).

Further, to help adult smokers transition to smoke free products, we are shifting to a more consumer centric model.

Establishing direct routes to consumers including our stores and e commerce channels allows us to explain the products, their features, and their risks and benefits compared with continued smoking.

Leveraging the power of our brands to drive positive behavior change We engage with adult smokers in a variety of ways, including, where permitted, by leveraging our cigarette packaging.

JustScan (formerly ScanPack) is a mobile digital platform that allows adult smokers to access online content by scanning a QR code or using a weblink (typically featured on the cigarette pack insert).

For communication on combustible products, the platform uses third party tested facial age estimation technology to limit targeted communication to adult smokers.

In markets where smoke free products are available, we leverage JustScan to drive awareness and support conversion to these products by providing adult smokers with access to content related to our smoke free products.

For example, in November and December 2021, our affiliate in Japan deployed JustScan to increase awareness of IQOS ILUMA, reaching close to 150,000 adult smokers.

Globally in 2021, we used JustScan to successfully engage with close to two million adult smokers in 50 markets (2020: 850,000 adult smokers in 30 markets).

Our marketing efforts are governed by our Marketing Codes, which include provisions designed to ensure all our activities are directed only to adult current smokers and nicotine users and are not particularly appealing to minors (read more here).

Our commercial activities must strike the right balance between encouraging adult smokers to switch to smoke free products and minimizing the risk of unintended consequences such as youth access, initiation, and use by nonsmokers.

The results of our perception and behavior assessment studies conducted to date as part of the scientific assessment of our IQOS product show that the adult consumer groups surveyed have a very good understanding that IQOS presents less risk than cigarettes but is not risk free and is riskier than tobacco and nicotine cessation.

Additionally, when assessed in the context of specific communication materials, more than 90 percent of participants in consumer studies understood that IQOS is not intended for nonsmokers, and more than 80 percent comprehended that quitting the use of all tobacco is the best way to reduce the risk of tobacco related disease.

Further, we conducted 12 studies of our heat not burn (IQOS) and e vapor (IQOS VEEV) products in six markets in 2020 21, including interviews with more than 23,000 adults who were not consumers of tobacco or nicotine products.

The results of those studies show very low intention to use our smoke free products among adult former users of tobacco or nicotine products (0.6 percent) and adults who had never used tobacco or nicotine products (0.3 percent).

We do not conduct studies involving individuals under the legal age to purchase tobacco products.

However, results of our studies among the youngest legal age adults who were not consumers of tobacco or nicotine products those aged 18 (or higher, depending on the legal age in the country) to 24 show a very low intent to use our smoke free products (0.3 percent).

We also conduct post market studies to understand how our smoke free products are used and by whom once available for purchase in a market.

These are necessary to confirm the results of our premarket perception and behavior assessment studies and to measure the extent to which adult smokers switch to our smoke free products.

They also help us monitor whether never and former smokers use them.

A cumulative total of more than 19,000 legal age adults in three markets (Germany, Italy, and Japan) have participated in our cross sectional population based studies.

The data from these post market studies confirm that IQOS is reaching the intended audience (adult consumers of nicotine products) and is of very limited interest to adults who had never smoked or had already quit using tobacco and nicotine.

More specifically, the results show that more than 99 percent of IQOS users in Germany, Italy, and Japan were already using tobacco or nicotine products at the time they began to use IQOS.

In the U.S., our FDA MRTP exposure modification orders require that we submit a post market surveillance and studies plan, which had to be approved by the agency.

Overall, data from our studies, as well as independent studies,2 confirm that IQOS is reaching the intended audience adults who already smoke or consume tobacco or nicotine products and is of very limited interest to youth and to adults who have never before used nicotine products or had already stopped using them.

Heat not burn tobacco, electronic cigarettes, and combustible cigarette use among Japanese adolescents: a nationwide population survey 2017.

Orth B Merkel C. Smoking among teenagers and young adults in Germany: Findings from the Alcohol Survey 2018 and trends (in German).

Delgrande Jordan M, Schneider E, Eichenberger Y, et al.

La consommation de substances psychoactives des 11 15 ans en Suisse Situation en 2018 et volutions depuis 1986.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021        s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

Adult smokers will only switch completely to smoke free alternatives if they prefer these products over cigarettes.

Several factors play a role in driving consumer acceptance of smoke free products: user experience (e.g., sensorial experience, product convenience, availability of product variants), their potential to present less risk of harm than continued smoking, and their nicotine profile.

We consider the full conversion rate a critical indicator of whether our smoke free products meet consumer expectations.

This rate is the percentage of adults who switch to our smoke free products and stop smoking cigarettes versus total adult users.

In 2021, the global average full conversion rate for our main smoke free product, IQOS, was 72 percent.

During the switching journey, most users undergo an adaptation process during which dual use (concurrent use of cigarettes or another nicotine product) may occur.

Only by switching completely and abandoning cigarettes can consumers realize the full health benefits of smoke free products.

Our goal is to support consumers in making this transition as quickly as possible.

Consumers who switch from cigarettes may also use different smoke free products according to personal preferences and use occasions.

Offering a broad range of acceptable smoke free alternatives is thus critical.

Expanding our smoke free portfolio We understand that consumer tastes and preferences vary, and so a broader portfolio is likely needed to phase out cigarettes entirely.

We therefore continue to invest in improving our current products, developing new ones, and acquiring products and technologies that meet our scientific standards and can help us achieve our purpose.

Read about the 30 years of innovation behind our leading heated tobacco product here.

The role of flavors in smoke free product acceptability Smokers often find the difference in taste between smoke free products and their preferred cigarette brand to be an obstacle to adoption or full conversion.

In this context, flavors play an important role in helping adults who don’t quit tobacco and nicotine use altogether to move away from cigarettes and accelerate their full conversion to better products.

To cater to a variety of tastes and maximize the probability of adult smokers considering switching instead of continuing to smoke, we make our smoke free consumables available in a wide range of taste variants (more than 40 for our IQOS HTUs as of year end 2021).

We have a central governance process in place for new flavored heated tobacco products, e vapor products, and combustible products to assess the risk of unintended use prior to commercialization.

The assessment framework takes into account, among other things, the flavor dimension of the product, how the product will be labeled and marketed, and the regulatory and commercial environment.

In 2021, we were commercializing 10 different heated tobacco and e vapor devices and more than 900 smoke free consumable stock keeping units.

Moreover, we also now have a small presence in nicotine pouches, with 23 stock keeping units commercialized under the Shiro brand, which were available for sale in 15 markets as of year end 2021.

Our success in smoke free products is driven by continuous innovation.

In 2021, we launched IQOS ILUMA the next generation of IQOS devices, which use internal induction heating and TEREA heated tobacco unit (HTU) consumables in Japan and Switzerland.

We expect this innovative and intuitive device to support easier switching and higher conversion rates.

IQOS ILUMA has received an overwhelmingly positive consumer response thus far, with strong demand reflected in initial 2021 device sales notably in excess of past IQOS launches.

In 2021, PMI started commercializing a heated tobacco product with a method of heating the tobacco that is different from the previous generation of products in its portfolio.

IQOS ILUMA uses the innovative bladeless SMARTCORE INDUCTION SYSTEMTM.

The induction activates the heating element inside the specially designed tobacco stick.

The tobacco is heated with improved draw and taste consistency from stick to stick, without the need for consumers to clean the device.

IQOS ILUMA allows for two consecutive uses without recharging the holder.

Read more about our heated tobacco technologies here.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

The role of nicotine in smoke free product acceptability Nicotine plays an important role in helping adults who would otherwise continue to smoke to transition from cigarettes to better alternatives.

By having a nicotine profile that resembles that of a cigarette, smoke free products aim to offer a satisfying experience to adult smokers who are trying to switch to them.

Supporting adult smokers in their conversion to smoke free products Purchasing and trying a smoke free product is only one step along the conversion journey of adult smokers who seek to switch to a less harmful alternative to cigarettes.

It is essential that we have the right infrastructure in place to support adult smokers along every step of this journey.

We are continuously strengthening the ecosystem through which we support consumers in making this better choice.

As of year end 2021, we had 36 consumer call centers, where adult users can contact us if they have questions about the product or its use, as well as thousands of own or indirect retail touchpoints worldwide.

These retail outlets offer personalized support to adult consumers, ranging from explaining how the product should be used and how to clean it to offering more details about heated tobacco technology and its benefits.

They also give adult smokers and nicotine users the option of trying the product before purchase.

In addition, there are premium resellers select stores that adult smokers regularly visit to purchase tobacco products in which we provide, to the extent permitted by law, information about our smoke free products and an opportunity to have a session with trained staff to learn about the products, their benefits, and how to use them.

Digital capabilities also help us serve adult consumers more efficiently, and we have intensified our focus in this direction over the past several years.

For instance, in countries where this is permitted, adult smokers who express an interest in our smoke free products are offered an online session with a remote IQOS coach.

Whether we can make our smoke free products available to adult smokers depends on several factors, including some beyond our control, that dictate our ability to scale and legally commercialize our products in certain territories.

Making our smoke free products available on the marketplace In addition to external factors, internal constraints affect the rate at which we can roll out smoke free products globally.

Advocating for risk proportionate regulation Combustible tobacco and smoke free product marketing and advertising are subject to extensive restrictions worldwide, including outright bans in some countries.

This regulatory environment makes it difficult or almost impossible in some countries to make adults who smoke aware of available alternatives to cigarettes and inform them of how and why they should use such alternatives instead.

Encouragingly, we have witnessed growing government support in recent years for science backed smoke free products.

An increasing number of governments now complement traditional tobacco control measures (i.e., those intended to discourage initiation and encourage cessation) with a harm reduction approach (i.e., providing adults who would otherwise continue to smoke with information about and access to scientifically substantiated smoke free alternatives).

Visit PMI.com for an overview of significant regulatory developments.

We regard stakeholder engagement as fundamental to the creation of shared and sustainable value (read more here).

For PMI, responsible advocacy is about engaging with individuals and organizations in a way that respects the law, adheres to professional standards and ethical principles, and is consistent with the company’s vision and internal policies.

This means acting in a fair, honest, and respectful manner when advocating our positions concerning issues on which we have a legitimate interest or concern.

Open and transparent dialogue with national and local governments and regulators allows us to understand their priorities and concerns and share our views, objectives, and scientific findings.

We engage with governments, regulators, and legislators to support the development of legislation and regulations that will enable adult smokers to access smoke free alternatives while minimizing access and use by unintended users, including minors and nonsmokers.

PMI is present in around 180 markets, but the size and capacity of our local organizations vary.

Not every market has the resources and capability to launch smoke free products immediately.

We evaluate the commercial viability of launching smoke free products in each market to prioritize internal resources adequately.

The ability to manufacture our smoke free products at scale requires significant investment in our production capacity.

In particular, the manufacturing of smoke free product consumables requires that we build new factories or convert existing cigarette factories and increase our capital expenditure for example, to purchase new machinery.

In 2021, eight of our 38 factories were dedicated, either partially or fully, to the manufacture of our smoke free products.

Since the start of the COVID 19 pandemic, many companies across a wide range of industries have been impacted by a global shortage of semiconductors, which are used in a broad variety of consumer products, including our smoke free electronic devices.

Persistent shortages of and growing demand for this critical component have affected the availability and assortment of our smoke free devices in certain markets, impacting our ability to operate at full commercial capacity.

During the year, we monitored this situation closely and took steps to limit the impact on our customers and trade partners and on consumer availability.

While the growth in IQOS users slowed in the third quarter of 2021, we undertook extensive mitigating actions and saw increased sequential IQOS user growth in the fourth quarter despite continued device supply constraints.

We have adjusted our device assortments, restrained commercial programs, and are managing our inventories in an effort to ensure, first, that current consumers are able to continue on their journey away from cigarettes and do not revert to smoking, and second, that adult smokers can access our most advanced and innovative alternatives to continued smoking.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

As of year end 2021, our smoke free products were available for sale in 71 markets, either in key cities or nationwide (2020: 64).1 We aspire to expand our footprint to make them available in at least 100 markets by 2025.

During the year, we launched our heat not burn IQOS product in six additional markets (Aruba, Egypt, Kyrgyzstan, Morocco, Tunisia, and Uzbekistan), bringing to 68 the total number of markets in which the product was commercialized as of the end of 2021.

We also rolled out the commercialization of our e vapor product in five new markets (Canada, Croatia, Finland, Italy, and Ukraine).

By the end of the year, IQOS VEEV was available in a total of seven markets.

The adverse determination by the U.S. International Trade Commission (ITC), which prohibits the import of IQOS devices and HTU consumables into the U.S., was clearly an unwelcome development, albeit one that is currently immaterial to PMI.

While this decision will cause near term disruption, we have contingency plans underway and hope to be able to resume U.S. supply as soon as possible.

We continue to see a large opportunity for IQOS in the U.S. over time.

Based on our current geographic footprint, we estimate that around 180 million adult smokers (i.e., 71 percent of the total number of adult smokers in the markets where we have launched) have physical access to purchase our smoke free devices and consumables (2020: 150 million adult smokers, or 64 percent of the total number of adult smokers in the markets where we had launched at year end 2020).

Direct retail channels such as brand retail locations (e.g., IQOS stores) and e commerce websites (where permitted).

Indirect retail channels such as tobacconists, convenience stores, gas stations, consumer electronics stores or vape stores, and online channels.

As of the end of 2021, there were more than 1,700 exclusive brand direct retail touchpoints (including 274 permanent PMI owned IQOS boutiques and stores worldwide).

We also ran e commerce sites for IQOS in 55 markets, allowing consumers to purchase the product online and have it delivered to their homes.

Consumables sellers provide consumers with a convenient option for everyday purchases of smoke free consumables (e.g., the heated tobacco units for IQOS) and increase awareness of smoke free products in general and our product portfolio in particular.

Device sellers allow consumers to purchase smoke free devices conveniently and to access services such as device replacement.

IQOS partners offer consumers a wide range of services, including product trial.

As of the end of 2021, there were around 3,600 IQOS partners and more than 800,000 points of sale at which IQOS HTUs were sold.

We will only achieve a smoke free future if all those adult smokers who do not quit tobacco and nicotine altogether can afford to switch to better alternatives.

We have set a 2025 ambition for at least 50 percent of the markets where we commercialize our smoke free products to be low and middle income markets, bolstered by new innovative products for consumers with lower purchasing power.

As of the end of 2021, our smoke free products were available in 30 low and middle income markets (2020: 26).

While it is vital to increase the availability of our science based smoke free alternatives across countries, we must also ensure our products are affordable to all adult smokers within each market so that they consider switching instead of continuing to smoke.

This means accounting for the purchasing power of adult smokers and deploying inclusive solutions to meet the needs of different segments of the population and geographies.

Accordingly, we must account for the economics of innovative smoke free products, which can be significantly different from those of a centuries old product such as cigarettes.

Devices Unlike cigarettes, some of our smoke free consumables require the use of devices.

Adult smokers who want to switch to our heat not burn or e vapor products, for instance, must first buy a specific electronic device.

These high quality devices rely on innovative technologies and require significant production costs to ensure they function consistently within the precise specifications of our scientific evidence package.

Initial lending of the device or payment over time.

Enhanced battery and firmware performance and increased longevity of devices, which lowers the average annual cost for the user while also improving the ecological footprint of our devices.

A broadened portfolio offering different price points.

For instance, in 2021, we continued to commercialize the licensed lil SOLID device, for use with Fiit consumables, at a price below the lowest priced IQOS device in select markets.

Also, we may lower the price of existing device versions following the launch of new versions.

The retail price of these devices ranges from around USD 16 to USD 153, depending on model and country, with the global average price for the lowest priced heat not burn device (including IQOS and lil) being USD 24.

Remarketing of used products collected from consumers and refreshed or repaired according to stringent standards (read more here).

IQOS partners (indirect retail brand experience touchpoints) consist of a dedicated IQOS space within another retailer’s premises where brand experiences and services are delivered to adult consumers by the retailer staff.

In this format both devices and consumables are generally commercialized.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

Consumables Our portfolio includes nicotine containing consumables to be used with our electronic devices.

These include the HTUs used with our heat not burn products and the liquid nicotine used with our e vapor products.

We also produce nicotine containing consumables (e.g., nicotine pouches) that do not require the use of an electronic device.

The recommended price of these consumables (whether as a complement to a device or as stand alone product) plays an important role in determining affordability and consequently expanding access.

The recommended price of our consumables depends on R D, production, compliance and commercialization costs, as well as the excise taxation regime in the countries where they are sold.

Currently, the production costs of the heated tobacco units used with IQOS devices are, on average, somewhat higher than those of cigarettes.

HTUs undergo a proprietary manufacturing process that is vastly different from the manufacture of cigarettes, and they require an increased level of quality assurance in factories.

The manufacture of HTUs also incurs other costs that do not apply to cigarettes, such as the costs of scientifically substantiating the reduced risk profile of these products, and ongoing post market studies.

Importantly, they entail much higher commercialization costs compared with cigarettes due to the need to properly introduce consumers to these new products and explain their functionalities.

These costs include, for example, our customer care call centers and follow up to ensure users do not fall back into smoking during their conversion journeys.

Beyond production and commercialization costs, a key factor driving tobacco and nicotine product retail prices is the excise tax.

Excise taxes on cigarettes are generally higher than those on smoke free products.

Within the smoke free category, electronic cigarettes tend to be taxed at a lower rate than heated tobacco products.

Differential taxation is an appropriate fiscal policy given the fundamentally different risk profiles of combustible tobacco products versus smoke free alternatives.

Applied appropriately, this approach can incentivize adult smokers to switch away from cigarettes and other combustible tobacco products and encourage manufacturers to channel their investments and R D away from cigarettes and toward smoke free alternatives.

The combined effect of manufacturer costs and tax differences is such that the price to the consumer of IQOS HTUs is typically below that of premium cigarettes or can even be at the low end of cigarette pricing.

As of the end of 2021, we estimate that our HTUs are on average priced the same as or lower than an adult smoker’s current cigarette brand for 58 percent of smokers in the geographies where we commercialize IQOS.

To address potential affordability barriers, we are also expanding consumers’ choice of HTUs by offering brands at multiple price points in many markets.

As of year end 2021, we offered a price point below our main HTU brand in 21 markets.

Governance of the Marketing Codes The Codes are intended to guide the design, marketing, and sale of our products.

They include the core principles, practices, and governance processes we follow in developing, designing, marketing, and selling our products and in engaging with adult consumers of our products.

Sometimes our Codes impose more stringent provisions than required under local laws in such cases, we follow our Codes.

If the opposite occurs and local laws set a stricter standard than our Codes, we, of course, follow the law.

The Codes are subject to a robust governance process established in 2021 under the responsibility of the newly formed Marketing Review Council, composed of members of our Company Management.

The council’s role includes guiding implementation of the Codes across the organization.

Deployment Review Group Each of our affiliates has a local cross functional team (a Deployment Review Group or DRG) in place that provides a robust process for reviewing and approving new products, packaging, consumer facing programs, campaigns, and initiatives before they are deployed.

We expect every market to fully implement the Codes and are implementing a self assessment process to confirm they do.

Findings and actions resulting from these self assessments will be shared with regional and functional senior management before being reported to our President, Smoke Free Products Category Chief Consumer Officer and our President, Combustibles Category Global Combustibles Marketing.

Consumer centric product design, development, marketing, sales, communications, and engagement drive our commercial success and propel our smoke free mission.

In this context, responsible sales and marketing practices are critical priorities for PMI.

We aim to design our marketing communications and materials to appeal to adult smokers and adult users of nicotine products, and we follow strict principles to minimize the risk of unintended consequences, such as youth access to our products.

This is an ongoing effort and we strive to improve continuously.

Consistent with our category based organization, our marketing and sales principles and practices are codified in two separate Marketing Codes: one for combusted tobacco products (an enhanced version of the previous Marketing Code that had been in place for years) and one for smoke free (or noncombusted ) alternatives.

We rolled out these Codes internally early in 2021, building on our previous Marketing Code centered on combusted tobacco products and the Good Conversion Practices we had established to govern the marketing and sale of our smoke free products.

During the year, we worked to embed the norms of these Codes within our organization and trained employees and relevant third parties.

We closely guided our markets during the roll out period and encouraged them to provide feedback and seek clarification as needed.

We have now published our two Codes on our website and welcome stakeholder feedback on our responsible commercialization practices.

Our Marketing Codes are accompanied by a set of internal guidelines that provide more detailed information on implementation.

These guidelines cover, among other things, how to develop appropriate consumer messaging, set up effective youth access prevention programs, communicate digitally with consumers, and conduct market research for smoke free products.

In addition to other controls we have in place, our bespoke mystery shopping program (MSP) helps us monitor and measure adherence to our requirements on youth access prevention as set out in our Marketing Codes across different touchpoints.

MSP leverages trained mystery shoppers commissioned by an independent third party.

The shoppers are at least 19 years old, and all of them are smokers.

They are tasked with acting interested in PMI smoke free products and with going through various service interactions, such as making a purchase at an IQOS store, placing an online product order, or interacting with an IQOS coach.

While doing so, they assess and record not only their consumer experience and the quality of service delivered, but also whether appropriate control measures were exercised to determine and verify (a) their age and (b) whether they are smokers or users of nicotine products.

We receive detailed and regular reports on the mystery shoppers’ feedback, allowing us to identify cases in which adherence to our requirements is not being met.

We piloted this program in seven markets in 2017, focusing on PMI’s IQOS boutiques.

In the ensuing years, we significantly increased the scale of our efforts.

By the end of 2021, the MSP had been implemented across our IQOS stores, contact centers, and e commerce sites (depending on the retail and support channels available) in 60 markets where our smoke free products are commercialized.

Where COVID 19 conditions allowed it, mystery shoppers performed around 2,500 visits in 2021 to over 640 IQOS stores, visiting on different days and at different times of the day.

In over 96 percent of those cases, they reported that their age had been properly checked prior to starting the conversation about the product unless their appearance made clear that the mystery shopper was above the minimum legal age (or at least 18 years old in markets without a minimum legal age).

Although the pandemic constrained our abilities to monitor on the ground, the program was still implemented online.

The MSP is an additional and valued due diligence tool that helps ensure we reach our desired audience adult smokers and users of nicotine products while minimizing the risk of unintended consequences such as access to and use of our smoke free products by youth.

It provides a powerful way to ensure our age verification requirements are implemented properly on the ground across selected consumer facing channels.

And it is not only about measurement: The wealth of data collected from the program is turned into targeted actions to continuously guard against youth accessing our products.

Employee and third party training Our responsible commercialization efforts rely on the adherence and dedication of our employees and the third parties with whom we work.

All PMI employees involved in PMI’s commercialization activities must be trained on the Codes and follow them.

Third parties involved in PMI’s commercialization activities must also be trained on the relevant parts of the Codes and follow them.

We deployed new training in 2021 in parallel with the release of our Marketing Codes and their accompanying implementation guidelines to ensure employees and third parties understand our principles and practices and embed them in their work.

In addition to global compliance e learning, our affiliates rolled out instructor led classroom and online training sessions for employees and third parties involved in the commercialization of PMI products to ensure wide reach and proper awareness and comprehension of the Codes’ expectations.

In 2021, more than 70,000 people participated in at least one Marketing Codes related training session (including on youth access prevention requirements).

Of this total, around 23,000 were PMI employees and around 47,000 were third party workers, including agencies, promotional staff, call center agents, and shop assistants, among others.

To ensure continuous reinforcement and proper implementation of the Codes’ requirements, we plan to train all relevant employees and third parties on the Marketing Codes at least every two years.

Further, we expect to conduct annual training on youth access prevention requirements among all affiliates’ salespersons engaged in brand retail or in our contact centers.

Monitoring and remediation Three functions (Ethics Compliance, Risk Controls, and Corporate Audit) support and monitor compliance with the Marketing Codes and their implementation guidelines through training, communications, controls, investigations, and audits.

Our Ethics Compliance function investigates potential incidents of noncompliance with laws and PMI’s Marketing Codes.

In 2021, there were 13 violations of our Marketing Codes by PMI employees (2020: 29).

As a consequence of these violations, we took disciplinary actions, of which 15 percent consisted of employment termination, 8 percent in suspension, 15 percent in written warning, and 62 percent in verbal warning or counselling.

Further, the risk of marketing and selling to youth is covered in our annual enterprise risk assessment and in our risk based audit program.

Reviews by our Corporate Audit department in 2021 found that only a few affiliates experienced issues related to responsible marketing compliance, and these issues were mainly procedural.

During the year, Corporate Audit conducted 19 audits covering 24 markets.

Processes and controls were reviewed in each of these markets, and members of the Corporate Audit team visited a limited number of points of sale (COVID 19 restrictions did not permit field visits to some) to assess the steps taken to implement our Marketing Codes.

No significant issues related to youth access were identified in the locations visited, except for one case where the agreed implementation steps were not executed as planned, mainly due to COVID 19 related restrictions.

The affiliate implemented all four identified management action plans by October 2021 in line with the requirements of the Marketing Codes.

In markets selling smoke free products, we also conduct a mystery shopping program.

As part of this program, we determine whether the requirements on youth access prevention set out in our Marketing Codes are being implemented across our e commerce websites, brand retail sites, and contact centers.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s t c u d o r p e e r f  e k o m s f o s t fi e n e b e h t e z i m x a i.

Along with applicable laws, we apply strict rules governing how we present our products to adult consumers.

Labeling We warn consumers about the health effects of our products.

All advertising and consumer packaging for combusted tobacco products and smoke free alternatives must contain clear and visible health warnings, even in markets where not required by law.

Our smoke free consumables packaging indicates clearly that the product is for adults, is not risk free, and contains nicotine, which is addictive.

No product placement With regard to both our combusted and smoke free products, we do not pay for product or brand placement in entertainment programs, films, radio, video games, or any other program intended for or disseminated to the general public.

Moreover, our advertising, marketing, and sales materials must be placed where they are likely to reach adult smokers and not in places or channels frequented primarily by minors (i.e., they can only be placed in media channels whose audience is reasonably estimated to be at least 75 percent above legal age).

Social media We do not use social media for marketing, advertising, or any other promotional communications related to our combustible products, whether branded or not.

The same rule applies to our contracted parties, including event organizers, third party agencies, and brand ambassadors.

Unlike with combustible tobacco products, we maintain consumer facing branded social media accounts for our smoke free products in certain markets.

We do so only in countries where reliable audience data show that the audience of the relevant social media platform is at least 75 percent adult.

In addition, we use all available native age gates.

In 2019, it was brought to our attention that some social media posts, while in line with applicable laws, did not comply with our internal digital influencer guidelines.

Consequently, our Senior Management Team decided to suspend the use of social media influencers for the purposes of online marketing.

Since then, our company has worked hard on strengthening and building more robust systems and processes, including by exploring the use of previously unavailable age control technology, to ensure our online engagement is reaching the right kind of audience.

Further, and to limit the reach of our marketing communications, we do not encourage adult consumers to share commercial content related to our smoke free products on their personal social media accounts.

In 2022, we will continue to evaluate the best way to continue responsibly increasing awareness, while preventing unintended consequences.

As a leading manufacturer of tobacco and nicotine products, we have a critical role to play in guarding against youth access to our products.

Accordingly, we have developed an enhanced suite of measures designed to ensure a holistic approach to guard against youth access to our products.

We deploy measures to ensure consumers are age verified across all access channels when being provided with access to our products, including both PMI owned and operated boutiques and e commerce platforms, and third party retailers and online marketplaces.

While the level of control we have over these channels varies, it is critically important that we make every effort to guard against youth access to our products regardless of venue.

Our YAP tools include templates for contract clauses requiring that retailers ensure strict compliance with minimum age laws or, in the absence of such laws, that they refuse sales of nicotine containing products to anyone below 18 years old.

The tools also include educational modules and knowledge checks for both combusted and smoke free products, made available via the digital communication platform we use with our retail partners across more than 85 markets.

Other tools we provide include point of sale signage, communication templates, and talking points to guide in person conversations with trade partners.

By the end of the year, markets representing 91 percent of our total shipment volume were implementing these YAP programs in our indirect retail channels.

Age verification in our owned channels (B2C) In owned channels (such as our IQOS stores and e commerce sites), our Marketing Codes, youth access prevention (YAP) guidelines, and training materials and tools require that consumers’ age is verified before they can access our products ensuring they are of legal age (or at least 18 years old in markets without a minimum legal age).

A youth access prevention (YAP) program is a combination of guidelines and tools to help our affiliates work more effectively with their trade partners to guard against sales of our combusted and smoke free products to underage purchasers.

In addition, we strongly support regulation that ensures that only adults can buy tobacco and nicotine containing products, as well as the strict enforcement of minimum age laws and penalties for those who sell or provide these products to minors.

The global youth access prevention requirements in our Marketing Codes apply to all our commercial activities, even when not required by local laws.

These stringent standards reduce the likelihood that our products and related consumer communications will be of particular appeal to youth.

These requirements shape the content of our creative materials, ensuring, for instance, that they do not contain images of models who are, or appear to be, under age 25 or images of youth oriented celebrities.

We have also implemented a central governance process under which new flavored heated tobacco products, e vapor products, and combusted products are evaluated.

Under this framework, flavored product propositions are assessed premarket to minimize the risk that their introduction in the marketplace generates unintended consequences.

While flavors are essential to encourage adult smokers to switch, and their use should be preserved, certain flavors could be particularly appealing to unintended audiences and should not be used.

In all circumstances, every tobacco and nicotine product should be regulated, including the way they are marketed, to ensure they do not particularly appeal to unintended audiences, including youth.

Engaging with our trade partners (B2B) We do not own or control the vast majority of retail outlets in which people buy our products: Around 99 percent of our sales occur outside our owned channels.

To ensure retailers operate according to our standards, we set robust requirements for our trade partners.

We work with them to ensure they understand why they should not sell tobacco or nicotine products to youth.

To ensure compliance, we monitor the implementation of youth access prevention (YAP) programs in our indirect retail channels and are committed to maintaining high coverage of our shipment volumes (minimum 90 percent).

In 2021, we evolved our minimum requirements for an effective YAP program in our indirect retail channels, which have been integrated into our Marketing Codes.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     s s t t c c u u d d o o r r p p e e e e r r f f   e e k k o o m m s s f f o o s s t t fi fi e e n n e e b b e e h h t t e e z z i i m m x x a a i i.

Key learnings from New Zealand highlighted that it is critical to ensure a simple and easy to use mechanism for consumers to be age verified, as well as to activate their devices.

Moreover, we learned that on the consumer conversion journey, an overly complex age verification process would represent a barrier in their decision to abandon cigarette smoking and switch to a smoke free alternative.

We deployed a second pilot with VEEV in two cities on the island of Corsica, in France in 2021.

These pilots confirmed our learnings from New Zealand and the need to further optimize these novel technologies, processes, consumer journey, and user experience.

During 2022, we plan to launch additional pilots which will include testing of different user experiences, a suite of online age verification mechanisms, and various methods to perform device activation.

Fundamental to the viability of these efforts will be to ensure that the underlying infrastructure is scalable.

Secure and user friendly age verification technology is a novel advance in the smoke free product category and requires strong partnerships with information technology service providers, as well as with the owners of various software applications.

Our teams continue to engage with the leading hardware and software players in these industries, to ensure that the most robust and best in class technology is available for PMI’s smoke free products.

Based on the New Zealand and Corsica pilot learnings, its benefits and challenges, during 2022 we will continue to develop and test a range of age verification technologies, with a focus on online age verification.

We will utilize these current and future learnings to guide our ambitions and assess our targets, remaining steadfast in our commitment to prevent access to these products by unintended audiences.

We monitor compliance with our Marketing Codes and guidelines through mystery shopper programs.

An independent third party uses mystery shoppers to assess the consumer experience delivery, the quality of service offered, and compliance to our requirements (read more here).

IQOS stores At our physical brand retail outlets, any consumer who wishes to purchase our products is age verified by a trained salesperson.

The verification must be conducted in person and, if there is any doubt that the person is an adult, by checking an official identity document.

E commerce We implement age verification prior to selling our products online.

This requires, for example, that we can leverage databases from reliable and credible sources (such as government organizations, telephone network operators, or banks) or scan an uploaded copy of a person’s identity document.

Where the necessary technology is not yet available, or where a person cannot be age verified using either of these methods, alternative age verification processes are applied including face to face age verification on delivery by couriers or at collection pick up points.

Enhanced electronic age verification technology Beyond our existing youth access prevention programs, we continue to develop technology to minimize unintended use and prevent youth from initiating or using our smoke free devices.

An example of this is our proprietary age verification technology embedded in our VEEV products.

To test its efficacy, we began a pilot in 2020, testing this technology in New Zealand, which continued during the first half of 2021.

This specific form of age verification technology required the consumer to prove their age with reliable online data, in order to be able to unlock, and thereby activate the device prior to first use.

If the device was not linked to an age verified consumer profile, the device would then remain blocked and unusable.

On the contrary, once unlocked, the device would be activated and the adult consumer would have the ability to lock and unlock it at their convenience to prevent unintended use.

More than a decade ago, PMI set itself the goal to re focus its business and develop products that can reduce the risk of smoking related diseases compared with cigarette smoking while in parallel phasing out cigarettes.

Science and technology are at the core and key enablers for this ambition.

So far, we could demonstrate that our heated tobacco and e cigarette products significantly reduce the formation and exposure to harmful chemicals as well as the risk of smoking related diseases in animal models.

Moving forward, and building on the past decade of experience, capability build up and scientific work, we have started to execute a significant program of biomarker, clinical outcome and real world evidence studies to demonstrate the individual clinical and public health benefit of our smoke free products.

We have a robust infrastructure for monitoring compliance with our Marketing Codes, and we are committed to implementing our youth access prevention efforts globally and ensuring adequate monitoring of their enforcement.

We will also continue to deploy YAP tools in our indirect retail channels.

Currently, these programs cover more than 90 percent of our shipment volume, and we will continue to engage with various stakeholders on this topic, including retailers and governments, to find more effective solutions.

We achieved remarkable progress in 2021 and have ambitious plans for 2022, including expanding and improving our product portfolio with a broader range of taste, price, and technology choices.

We will continue to make our heat not burn and e vapor products available in additional markets.

Building on its success in Japan and Switzerland in 2021, we look forward to launching the latest generation of our heat not burn product, IQOS ILUMA, across additional markets over the coming years.

Moreover, with the acquisition of AG Snus and its Shiro nicotine pouch and Kapten snus brands in May 2021 we have grown PMI’s capabilities and expect additional product and market launches in 2022.

A clear consideration to improving access of adult smokers to smoke free products is affordability, particularly in low and middle income markets.

We plan to introduce a new heat not burn device to expand the access for consumers in the medium and below segments in emerging markets towards the end of 2022.

This will be a simple, convenient, and affordable proposition that can cater to local taste preferences without compromising on harm reduction.

We believe this product can also help address the lower price segment in developed countries.

We will continue to design and deploy a suite of effective tools to ensure that our smoke free products reach only the intended audience: adults who smoke or use other nicotine products.

We are striving to become a company that has a net positive impact on society.

Therefore, we are expanding our offerings to include products that will address critical unmet consumer and patient needs within the health and wellness space, moving from a value proposition centered on doing less harm toward one where we contribute to society in positive ways.

Researching and developing smoke free alternatives that are scientifically substantiated to be less harmful than cigarettes was the first step in our journey to address our biggest negative externality: the impact of cigarette smoking on health.

In the process, we have expanded our social, human, intellectual, and manufactured capital in ways that allow us to go a step further and develop products that seek to be better than less harmful.

The aim now is to use this capital to develop significant growth opportunities in wellness and healthcare.

We are now able to expand our purpose (read our Statement of Purpose).

The critical next step in PMI’s transformation is leveraging our expertise and capabilities to expand into products beyond tobacco and nicotine as part of a natural evolution into a broader wellness and healthcare business.

Our strategy is built on two key growth areas: (1) wellness products, where we are developing and looking to commercialize scientifically substantiated consumer health products and solutions with the aim to improve people’s lives and (2) healthcare products, where we have already committed resources to a development pipeline of over the counter (OTC) and prescription products.

PMI’s innovation in wellness and healthcare is part of a larger transformation that puts science, technology, and sustainability at the heart of our company’s future, delivering products and solutions that aim to improve people’s lives and deliver a net positive impact on society.

Building on our company’s investment and expertise in aerosol chemistry and physics, device technology, clinical research, and best in class preclinical safety and inhalation models, we are developing innovative and differentiated products for unmet patient and consumer needs.

Work is collectively overseen and delivered by Life Sciences, together with other teams such as Strategy, Finance, and Sustainability.

Following PMI’s 2021 acquisition of leading innovative companies Vectura, Fertin, and OtiTopic, we are joining forces with these organizations’ experts in consumer health and pharmaceutical to accelerate progress and propel our capabilities in wellness and healthcare.

Read in this case study how we see our company’s value creation model evolving as the newly acquired companies strengthen PMI’s human and intellectual capital.

Although we are at the beginning of this journey, the aspiration to generate at least USD 1 billion in annual net revenues from wellness and healthcare products by 2025 showcases both our strong commitment to furthering the transformation of our company and our deep belief in the opportunity these adjacent avenues of growth can bring in the long term, leveraging our ability to monetize the skills and assets we have accrued and developed in the process of our transformation.

To achieve this objective, we will rely on and expand upon our existing core capabilities, seek partnerships with entrepreneurs and companies that have the proper experience and credibility in relevant fields, and keep a strong focus on specific benefit and disease areas.

To demonstrate the seriousness of our endeavor and the strategic relevance of this aim, we introduced a new topic, Innovation in wellness and healthcare, to our 2021 sustainability materiality assessment process, following the introduction of this new aspiration, which complements our Business Transformation Metrics and 2025 Roadmap.

For example, in the inhaled therapeutics space, there are significant unmet patient needs for fast and effective treatments in cardiovascular (e.g., myocardial infarction), neurology (e.g., migraine and chronic pain), and allergies that can be served via innovative solutions.

One of those solutions could be inhalable acetylsalicylic acid (commonly known as aspirin) for the prevention and treatment of myocardial infarction.

We also see promising opportunities for chronic pain management treatment with medical cannabis.

For consumer and OTC wellness products, areas such as sleep, energy, focus, and calm have shown to be of high interest and are areas of high unmet need.

For example, we are evaluating promising applications for cannabidiol (CBD) in some of these areas, notably through oral delivery, as safe CBD dosage levels are being defined by regulators, informed by clinical studies.

Another area of interest is smoking cessation products, known as nicotine replacement therapies.

We see an opportunity to provide more effective solutions via consumer, OTC, and prescription pathways over time.

During 2021, 99 percent of our adjusted R D expenditure was allocated to our smoke free business and to innovation and pipeline development in the wellness and healthcare business.

More concretely, 92 percent funded PMI’s internal scientific research and development related to tobacco harm reduction, while 7 percent was invested in innovation and pipeline development and expanding R D capabilities to serve the wellness and healthcare business.

Over the past decade, we have developed the ability to combine scientific excellence with commercial rigor to continue elevating our business transformation.

Our expertise in inhalation science and scientific assessment in that space can be effectively repurposed to help address pressing needs in the wellness and healthcare sector.

Building upon these scientific capabilities, our R D investments seek to support our company’s scientific and business strategy for the new wellness and healthcare business, focusing on inhaled drug delivery, botanicals, and consumer health.

We dedicated our May 2021 Scientific Update to examining the capabilities our research on smoke free products has given us and discussing how we can apply those capabilities to develop new research initiatives and products.

Over the years, many researchers in the field of harm reduction have asked us why we are not using our knowledge in aerosolization and inhalable devices beyond the tobacco harm reduction space.

This was the right question to ask, and building upon the research expertise and knowledge we’ve gained from developing and assessing smoke free products, we are in a really good position to work on, for example, inhaled therapeutics.

This method of delivering medicines is not as well developed or as widely used as taking oral delivery forms such as a pill or a liquid.

But delivery through the lung can become important for society because it has advantages over the traditional medication delivery methods and can address some of today’s unmet medical needs.

Medicines delivered via the respiratory tract allow a much more rapid onset of the drug effect and potentially reduce side effects due to the lower dose that might be needed for example, compared with taking a pill.

It’s similar for botanicals: We know how to work with plant substrates, and we know how to aerosolize and assess botanical products.

In short, we are leveraging the areas where we have strong research and technology expertise to strengthen our business while making a difference for society.

To complement our in house science and innovation capabilities, we made solid progress during 2021 on our Innovation in wellness and healthcare strategy with the acquisitions of three innovative and forward looking companies that we are excited to join forces with and that will form the backbone of our purpose and new wellness and healthcare business.

In August, we announced the acquisition of inhaled drug specialist OtiTopic, a U.S. respiratory drug development company with a late stage inhalable acetylsalicylic acid (ASA) candidate for the prevention and treatment of acute myocardial infarction.

ASPRIHALE is a patented, dry powder inhalation ASA, delivered through a unique self administered aerosol.

It is designed for patients at risk of heart attacks.

In clinical trials, ASPRIHALE catalyzed peak plasma concentration and pharmacodynamic (PD) effect in two minutes due to its inhalation approach, compared with the 28 minutes coated chewable aspirin took.

This speed is unprecedented and can have significant implications for reducing the risk of morbidity and mortality.

Cardiologists agreed that the rapid drug exposure and PD effects would be beneficial, especially during the time before the patient arrives at the hospital.

In the U.S. alone, someone has a heart attack every 40 seconds.

With its inhalable version of ASA, OtiTopic has developed an asset that promises to have a much faster onset of effect compared with oral ASA.

PMI looks forward to completing the planned ASPRIHALE registration program and bringing this important treatment to market to address a significant unmet medical need in a clinical condition where every second counts.

In September, we announced the closing of the acquisition of Fertin Pharma, a leading developer and manufacturer of innovative pharmaceutical and well being products based on oral and intraoral delivery systems.

With Fertin Pharma’s substantial know how and oral delivery platforms, we plan to develop scientifically substantiated consumer health products, including over the counter solutions and supplements for better living in areas such as sleep, energy, calm, and focus.

By serving as a critical pillar of the new wellness and healthcare business, as part of PMI’s transformation, Fertin will be uniquely positioned to continue to innovate and grow delivering on our vision of enabling people to live healthier lives.

Our shared commitment to science and consumer centric innovation forms a strong basis for a very successful future together.

Fertin will also continue to grow and serve external customers as a leading contract development and manufacturing company (CDMO) in the oral formulation space.

Furthermore, we acquired Vectura, a leading specialist inhalation CDMO that provides innovative inhaled drug development solutions to help clients bring inhalable medicines to patients.

The market for inhaled therapeutics is growing rapidly outside the traditional spaces where inhalable medicines have been used over the years, focusing on specialty disease areas with high unmet medical need and hence with significant potential to expand into new application areas beyond the current market offering.

Within the context of our new wellness and healthcare business, Vectura is well positioned to address this market growth while becoming the backbone of the inhaled therapeutics arm.

PMI has made a clear commitment to advance Vectura’s existing strategy, expand it geographically, and extend the company into the development of proprietary inhaled therapeutic products, alongside its existing CDMO business.

This will benefit Vectura’s differentiated technologies and development expertise for the delivery of complex inhaled therapeutics and will enable us to bring our initial pipeline of inhaled therapeutic products to market.

Important to note is that we will be focusing on innovating in the method of delivery of existing approved and permitted molecules rather than on traditional new compound research, while always having the demands of physicians, payers, patients, and consumers in mind.

In 2021, the Quebec City based biopharmaceutical company Medicago in which PMI has a minority shareholding applied for Canadian approval for its COVID 19 vaccine candidate.

Medicago is a leader in proprietary plant based technology that uses virus like particles (VLPs) to develop protein based vaccines instead of relying on animal products or live viruses.

Virus like particles are used to create plant based vaccines, which mimic viruses, enabling the body’s immune system to recognize them and create an immune response.

But they lack the core genetic material of a virus, so they are not infectious and cannot replicate.

Medicago’s technology only requires the genetic sequence of a viral strain, not the live virus itself.

So, the company can mass produce a therapy to attack a pandemic infection like COVID 19 soon after health officials identify it.

By comparison, traditional vaccine development in chicken eggs takes six to nine months.

Using a plant based approach is relatively new but has advanced rapidly in the past decade.

For its COVID 19 vaccine, Covifenz, Medicago is using a virus like particle grown in Nicotiana benthamiana, a close relative of the tobacco plant.

This world first, plant derived COVID 19 vaccine was approved by Health Canada in late February 2022 and will be available in the country for adults aged 18 to 64.

Due to the close alignment of its own R D and the potential synergies with this pharma company, PMI acquired a stake in Medicago in 2013, and currently holds approximately 23 percent of the company’s shares, as part of a wider push into wellness and healthcare products.

We announced plans in October 2021 to dedicate a further USD 200 million to minority investments in early and growth stage companies through PM Equity Partner (PMEP), our corporate venture capital arm.

This allocation follows a 2016 commitment of USD 150 million, which PMEP has since fully invested, and is intended to support PMI’s smoke free and beyond nicotine ambitions.

Life science innovations, such as inhaled therapeutics and computational research methodologies.

Portfolio companies, including Biognosys (next generation proteomics) and Biofourmis (AI healthcare), reinforce the active role of PMEP in this space.

In addition, PMEP scouts substantiated self care wellness companies in areas such as sleep, energy, calm, and focus.

Industrial technologies such as robotics and automation, the internet of things, and technology based process optimization.

Product technologies, particularly those that relate to inhalation and aerosolization, chemical formulation, and biometric authentication.

Consumer engagement technologies, such as user identification and age authentication, innovative customer care, and experience management.

For instance, the portfolio company BOW Group is actively involved in driving PMI’s consumer engagement with its products and technologies.

PMEP is focusing its investment activities to support PMI’s strategy in life science and wellness, industrial technologies, product technologies, impact investing, and consumer engagement technologies.

Through early and growth stage investments, PMI will leverage its strengths to help invested companies translate innovation into commercial success.

Our vision for the wellness and healthcare business is to develop best in class consumer health and inhaled prescription products that will improve people’s lives and address some of today’s significant unmet needs.

With the acquisition of Vectura, Fertin, and OtiTopic, we have brought the technology platforms and talent on board that combined with our scientific knowledge in preclinical safety, clinical, and regulatory have laid the foundation for PMI to evolve into a broader wellness and healthcare company.

Vectura and OtiTopic will form the backbone of our ambition in the inhaled therapeutics and inhaled consumer health space, where we have developed an initial pipeline of products that aim to bring revenue as of 2024.

Fertin, with its differentiated, modern oral formulations, will become the driving force behind our ambitions in the self care wellness space.

In addition, we have brought on board senior leaders and other talent from the pharmaceutical and consumer health industry who will help us turn our ambition into reality.

Our scientific and technological leadership has enabled us to reinvent our company in our pursuit of a smoke free future.

We will continue our journey, aiming to generate at least USD 1 billion in annual net revenues from products in wellness and healthcare by 2025, by leveraging and integrating recent acquisitions that give us the capacity to keep developing in areas that have net positive impact.

These acquisitions further highlight that our long term plan is equal parts solid strategy, strong financials, and best in class sustainability performance.

Through our venture capital arm, we also plan to invest in and closely follow up on early and growth stage companies focused on life science innovation, industrial technologies, product technologies, and consumer engagement technologies that can help us propel progress on our purpose.

Beyond our primary focus of replacing cigarettes with less harmful alternatives for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke thereby reducing the negative impacts of our products on the health of our consumers we understand the need to address the environmental impact of our products by embedding principles of circularity and eco design, implementing effective post consumer waste management solutions, addressing litter, and promoting responsible disposal of products at their end of life.

At PMI, we believe we can and should play a role in reducing waste from our products and addressing the issue of littering by helping develop and scale up innovative solutions.

Reducing and appropriately managing post consumer waste means we can extract, convert, and use fewer raw materials from a planet with limited natural resources.

Moreover, committing to the safe and responsible disposal of this waste is the right thing to do, as we share society’s concerns regarding the impacts of litter such as pollution and harm to wildlife.

We recognize our role in working to preserve natural environments.

Beyond ecological considerations, inadequate post consumer waste management and litter carries societal and financial impacts ranging from cleanup costs to perceptions of untidiness and reduced safety in areas with high litter prevalence.

Appropriately addressing post consumer waste helps us enhance our brand equity and company reputation and meet consumer expectations.

It also allows us to mitigate implications for our bottom line, as producers increasingly are asked to participate in cleanup costs, for instance.

Finally, it motivates us to innovate in a way that can drive competitive advantage by devising more circular value chains.

These value chains are linked not only to less waste and less litter but also to better use of materials and higher operational efficiency all of which are good for our triple bottom line.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

Our strategies and related initiatives are guided by a set of policies and principles, including our Environmental Commitment, Anti Littering Policy, and Sustainable Design Framework, complemented by specific internal guidelines.

In 2021, to accelerate the delivery of a smoke free future, PMI established a new category management structure for its smoke free and combustible cigarettes businesses.

Our President, Smoke Free Products Category Chief Consumer Officer and our President, Combustibles Category Global Combustibles Marketing are responsible for driving our agenda on post consumer waste management for their respective categories.

Additional efforts are steered cross functionally.

With regard to our smoke free products, we set up a dedicated cross functional governance board in 2021 which oversees strategies and progress related to our device life extension and consumables end of life programs.

Our intention is to preserve resources, reduce waste, and prevent inappropriate disposal, including littering.

We do this by designing our products with the principles of circularity and waste reduction in mind, accounting for the products’ environmental impact at the early stages of development, and offering consumers solutions to play their part and dispose of end of life products appropriately.

Cigarettes: We aim to reduce cigarette butt littering by encouraging behavior change through impactful awareness raising campaigns and by empowering consumers to dispose of cigarette butts appropriately.

We also intend to tackle the issue at the source, continuously working to replace the plastic in filters with better, more sustainable alternatives.

Smoke free consumables: As we grow our smoke free business, we seek to ensure that the consumables used with our electronic devices are disposed of responsibly at their end of life and that users have access to take back and recycling schemes that have an environmental benefit, are economically viable, and are valued by consumers.

Further, we strive to design new generations of consumables with waste reduction and recyclability in mind.

Smoke free electronic devices: To reduce the depletion of finite resources, we aim to integrate sustainability into our product design, drive circularity by improving recyclability, and increase opportunities to refresh and repair used devices.

Packaging: We strive to minimize packaging materials and improve their circularity by increasing their recyclability and promoting the use of materials made from renewable resources.

As a global manufacturer, we source plastic materials and plastic containing items for products such as our consumables (e.g., our heated tobacco units and cigarettes), devices, and packaging.

Globally in 2021, we purchased around 136,000 tons of plastic.

The largest share was bioplastics used in the filters of cigarettes and heated tobacco units.

Note: Plastic footprint is calculated excluding KT G commercialized by PMI, e vapor products, and nicotine pouches.

In 2021, we adjusted our methodology to calculate our plastic footprint and incorporated additional primary data.

One of our main end goals is to tackle the plastic pollution caused by the littering of our products.

During 2021, as announced in our 2019 Integrated Report, we focused on better understanding our global plastic litter footprint.

To measure this, we combined data for our company’s overall plastics footprint with data collected from consumer behavior in different countries and for different products.

More concretely, for relevant plastic containing products that we market (including consumables and packaging), we assessed littering rates through consumer surveys in our main markets.

We then calculated the resulting amount of plastic being littered by product based on full year sales data multiplied by plastic content and by littering rate.

In addition, following a 2020 pilot in Portugal, we fine tuned our model to broaden its application and measure the prevalence of plastic litter resulting from our cigarettes and heated tobacco units found on the ground.

For this initiative, we teamed with Litterati, the leading anti littering organization, who collected litter data in more than 50 cities in 40 countries and photographed litter items in various urban environments.

Data analyst CARTO then extrapolated the georeferenced data collected locally to provide us with global figures.

A deeper analysis of the litter prevalence data revealed insights useful in improving our anti littering campaigns.

For example, our study uncovered that cigarette butt litter is more prevalent in commercial, business, and commuting zones and lower in residential areas.

Food, drink, and leisure establishments, bus and train stops, and areas illuminated at night all showed higher litter prevalence.

Customizing awareness campaigns to users in these areas, therefore, can be more effective.

Working in collaboration with these partners allowed us to generate detailed litter prevalence maps for cities and countries worldwide that will inform future campaigns.

Reporting and performance e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

The combination of these two exercises calculating our global plastic litter footprint and the prevalence of plastic litter resulting from our consumables proved to be a valuable learning experience, which honed our understanding of both the complexity of the issue and the need for concrete metrics to measure progress and guide our actions moving forward, in a way that can prove useful and impactful.

While our original intent was to leverage this methodology annually to monitor progress towards decreasing the amount of plastic littered, the exercise revealed limitations to this approach.

Limitations include the lack of reliable and standardized consumer behavior studies as well as the exacerbated reliance on assumptions and extrapolations which made the methodology unreliable, very expensive, and not very impactful.

We also realize there is a need to establish tailored and context based targets, accompanied by detailed strategies and initiatives that can best encourage behavior change, prevent littering, and support cleanup activities, while defining concrete and clear ways to both define success and be able to measure progress towards achieving it.

Moreover, working toward removing plastic litter highlighted the opportunity business can have in offering opportunities for innovation to resolve systemic issues, like the one that relates to plastic litter.

There is a pressing need for our R D to support ongoing efforts that holistically resolve the issue of plastic pollution, starting from its source.

This means finding ways in which we can reduce the amount of plastic used across our devices, consumables, and packaging through better design and the use of more sustainable materials.

Around one million tons of cigarette filters are produced annually across the tobacco industry.1 Although most are disposed of properly post consumption, too many are casually littered into the environment.

Design for circularity: Invest in R D toward filters made of more sustainable, plastic free alternatives that allow faster biodegrading, resolving the issue of plastic litter altogether.

Encourage behavioral change: Inspire change in consumer habits through impactful anti littering awareness programs and initiatives to empower consumers to dispose of cigarette butts properly.

These initiatives include communications campaigns and cleanup activities to raise awareness, partnerships, portable disposal solutions, and improvement of public equipment solutions.

Reduce litter on the ground through efficient and cost effective collection schemes.

In the EU, cigarette manufacturers will be required to contribute to the costs of collecting and cleaning up cigarette butt litter.

The Single Use Plastics (SUP) Directive requires that producers participate in industry wide Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) schemes.

EPR is an established governance scheme for circular waste management it is now being used for the first time in the EU to address the problem of littering.

We support the concept of an industry wide EPR, provided such schemes are managed in a cost efficient, proportionate, and transparent way that addresses the objectives of reducing litter and changing consumer behavior.

With behavioral change being one of the key elements of our strategy, we understand the need to develop and implement actions that respond to local realities and the socioeconomic and cultural specificities of the various places where we operate.

With this in mind, we included a new ambition and corresponding KPI in our revamped 2025 Roadmap and Sustainability Index: for markets collectively covering more than 80 percent of our combustible product shipment volumes to deploy meaningful programs tackling cigarette butt littering by the end of 2025.

From an environmental perspective, the ideal and most sustainable scenario would be for our products to generate zero litter post consumption.

We continue to work toward this goal, seeking design options that avoid, or at least significantly reduce, the polluting impact of litter.

Our intention is to develop filters with a significantly lower environmental footprint.

We are aware that materials changes alone will not solve the littering problem, but they may help mitigate the environmental impacts of residual littering by those consumers who do not engage in behavioral change driven by anti littering programs.

For many years, we have been actively investing in R D to explore and assess the viability of alternative cigarette filter materials that have a lower environmental impact than cellulose acetate (CA), an already renewable and partially biodegradable material.

We evaluate alternative filter materials via extensive analytical testing, machinability trials, biodegradation evaluations, and prototype testing among consumers to understand their acceptability.

The main constituent of cigarette filters is cellulose acetate (CA), a bioplastic made from wood based cellulose.

Contrary to common belief, CA does biodegrade over several months or years (depending on the surrounding conditions) and does not accumulate in the environment over time.

In contrast, conventional plastics made from petrochemicals take hundreds of years to degrade, often breaking down to form microplastics.

Comparable filtration efficiency and performance consistent with CA filters.

Acceptable taste characteristics and experience for consumers.

Similar or reduced material carbon footprint compared with CA filters.

Substantial improvement in marine, aquatic, and soil biodegradation compared with CA filters or a significant reduction in the plastic content of the filter.

Over the past years, some tested materials have met one or more of the above criteria but we are yet to find an alternative to CA that satisfies all five.

We will continue to explore options as new materials and processes become available, and science and innovation evolves.

In 2022, we plan to continue our exploration and use consumer research to better understand and validate consumer acceptance of alternative non plastic filters in some of our key markets.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021  e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

While many consumers dispose of their waste properly, too much waste ends up in the environment.

We seek to help change behaviors to prevent cigarette butt littering and encourage proper waste disposal.

To that end, we run global and local awareness and anti littering campaigns.

Tackling the issues of cigarette butt littering locally Smoking habits, environmental awareness, and disposal practices vary by country, so combating cigarette butt littering requires tailored approaches.

Accordingly, our affiliates follow a global methodology while also focusing on impactful, context based strategies appropriate for their respective markets.

These local anti littering campaigns are run by our affiliates, with central support and guidance.

Our efforts to raise awareness focus both on specific littering hot spots such as high traffic urban areas, squares, and parks identified as priorities by local authorities and on reaching significant numbers of consumers to drive societal change.

Insights gathered from our litter prevalence assessment in 2021 will help further guide our work, allowing us to strategically focus on those areas with the highest incidence of littering.

Cleanup campaigns are predominantly designed to raise public awareness of the littering problem in the communities in which they occur rather than resolving the problem of littering or replacing more cost efficient public cleaning services.

For instance, in Canada, through a collaboration with the Great Outdoors Fund in 2021, we supported 20 local organizations with cleanup initiatives involving more than 600,000 volunteers who collectively donated over 10 million hours of their time to gather 1,700 tons of litter.

We also partner with civil society organizations on cigarette butt collection projects as part of our wider awareness raising efforts and with a view to developing viable recycling solutions for cigarette butts.

For example, our affiliate in Mexico developed a comprehensive communication campaign that engages adult smokers and other citizens in helping to solve the problem of waste management.

The initiative has created a nationwide network of volunteer ambassadors who bring communities together to collect cigarette butts, with more than 400 collection points nationwide.

The team has also partnered with Ecofilter, an organization that has developed an innovative biotechnological treatment that regenerates cellulose acetate into cellulose pulp.

Raising awareness globally As in previous years, we had the opportunity in 2021 to join the annual World Cleanup Day (where COVID 19 conditions allowed it).

Our affiliates’ participation in this global action the world’s largest litter cleanup event is part of our public sensitization efforts and signals our broader commitment to tackle the issue of cigarette butt littering.

While the pandemic limited many of the events we had planned, around 3,150 volunteers across 53 countries (including PMI employees and their friends and family members) actively contributed to picking up around 17 tons of litter.

We added a global challenge element to the activity through a partnership with Litterati, whereby participants could download a mobile app allowing them to log, tally, and share how much litter they collected.

We also further developed Our World Is Not an Ashtray, a web based corporate platform to educate, inspire, and engage the public on the issue of littering.

Through this campaign, we share facts and figures, testimonials, and calls to action.

A few of our affiliates also use this platform as a basis for local awareness raising initiatives.

In 2021, we also continued the deployment of our Marlboro limited edition Leave No Trace pack, which communicates anti littering messages to adult smokers in 11 markets (2020: nine).

During the year, more than 30 million packs were sold at more than 482,000 points of sale, and we estimate they reached more than 2.3 million adult smokers.

We seek to minimize the environmental impact of the consumables used in our smoke free category.

These include the heated tobacco units (HTUs) used with our heat not burn products (including the HEETS brand used with IQOS 3 DUO and previous generations, the TEREA sticks used with the new IQOS ILUMA, and the Fiit sticks used with lil devices), as well as the VEEV pods used with our e vapor device.

With each product launch, we will evaluate the need for a consumables take back program based on environmental impact, consumer need, and market feasibility.

Long term, we aim to reduce our post consumer waste by design and explore low carbon, recyclable, and biodegradable alternatives to the materials currently used in our smoke free consumables.

In the interim, we are focused on establishing services to help our adult consumers reduce the end of life impact of our products.

The consumption and post consumption behaviors related to our smoke free products differ drastically from cigarette consumption.

Unlike cigarettes, HTUs do not need to be stubbed out after use, and they contain no smelly smoke residues, which makes them easier to keep until proper disposal and therefore less likely to be littered.

In 2020, we ran a survey in Lithuania to complement past studies in Greece, Italy, and Japan to measure the proportion of HTUs versus cigarette butts found on the ground.

In partnership with third party experts at Cortexia, we then compared that figure with the market share of HTUs versus all tobacco products.

Across the three major cities in Lithuania, the percentage of used HTUs among tobacco products littered was between 2.4 and 4.5 times lower than their sales market share.

This finding suggests that a heated tobacco unit is on average three times less likely to be littered than a cigarette butt.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021  e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

To further mitigate the risk of littering, we have set an ambition as part of our revamped 2025 Roadmap to implement context based, impactful anti littering programs to collect and manage post consumer waste from our smoke free consumables in markets representing at least 80 percent of our smoke free shipment volume by the end of 2025.

We will report our progress annually against this new KPI.

The programs align with global requirements to ensure consistency and comparability over time but are adapted to deployment realities in each market.

In 2021, we piloted such programs in nine markets including those featured on the right allowing us to gather valuable insights for a global rollout.

As these pilots unfold, we will continue to monitor their progress and share learnings globally.

The insights and improvement opportunities will fuel the rollout of consumables take back and recycling programs globally by 2025.

In March 2021, our affiliate in Mexico launched its take back program for HTUs, with special collection bags made available to adult users at IQOS stores.

The heated tobacco units are then processed by our partner Ecofilter using an innovative biotechnological treatment that regenerates cellulose acetate into cellulose pulp.

By year end, more than one in 10 adult users was returning their used consumables to the stores.

The partnership between Ecofilter and Philip Morris Mexico is a clear example of how our commitment to sustainability and to a smoke free future are one and the same.

With collaboration among stakeholders, vision, leadership, and resources, in addition to science and technology, a lot can be achieved, and we will deliver a smoke free future.

Our affiliate in Canada launched its smoke free recycling program at the end of 2021, partnering with TerraCycle and inviting consumers to return their used heated tobacco units, VEEV devices, and any branded vape pod (including VEEV) at more than 120 convenient locations.

For the launch of VEEV in Finland in 2021, we took into account the consumer expectation of convenient recycling solutions for pods.

Collection points have been established in 470 locations around the country.

We also provide reusable collection pouches to consumers for greater convenience.

In Guatemala, we provide cornstarch resealable bags in which consumers can place their used HTUs and return them to collection points across the country.

Meanwhile, in Costa Rica, consumables have been collected since December 2021 and used for ongoing research by the Chemical Regency of the University of Costa Rica.

Various alternatives for recycling are currently under evaluation, including the production of biochar, a soil improvement solution.

Consumers have responded very well to the opportunity to reduce their footprint and contribute to protecting the environment.

We are convinced that we must face great challenges together in this ambitious journey for a more sustainable future.

In Switzerland, at the end of 2021, we launched a pilot take back and recycling program for heated tobacco units.

Adult users of our smoke free products can now collect HTUs in special bags and return them to our IQOS branded stores in person or via mail.

We then send the collected HTUs to our recycling partner, TerraCycle.

We are very excited to pilot this innovative program for heated tobacco units in Switzerland, where sustainability plays an important role in day to day life.

The HEETS and TEREA take back program is only a first step toward reducing the waste generated by our products and is an expression of both our care and of our commitment to our consumers.

Sustainability is at the heart of PMI’s transformation, and we look forward to growing and evolving the program.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021  e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

At the heart of the SMARTCORE INDUCTION SYSTEMTM is a metal heating element, coated with stainless steel and placed at the core of the TEREA tobacco sticks.

The heating element has been specifically designed to heat TEREA tobacco sticks from within and release the taste of tobacco consistently throughout the entire experience.

This technology allowed us to remove the heating blade from the ILUMA device, which simplified the insertion and extraction experience, improved the consistency of each stick performance, and eliminated the need to clean the device.

The combination of consistent and satisfying taste experience with the ease of use and lack of need to clean the device creates a compelling value proposition to further accelerate conversion of adult smokers, advancing tobacco harm reduction.

As we continuously work to enhance the environmental profile of our products and support our littering reduction targets, the absolute weight of plastic content in TEREA sticks was reduced by approximately 45 percent compared with HEETS. To further support our littering reduction ambition, the consumables end of life program, designed to promote responsible post consumer waste management, is included in the TEREA launch and roll out plans, giving adult consumers a user friendly way to collect and return their used consumables to us for responsible disposal or recycling.

Note: IQOS ILUMA is designed to be used only with TEREA SMARTCORE STICKS.

IQOS ILUMA and TEREA SMARTCORE STICKS must not be used with previous generations of IQOS, as this may damage the device.

As TEREA SMARTCORE STICKS contain a sharp metal part that can cause serious injury if swallowed, they must be kept out of reach of children and pets, and must not be ingested or disassembled.

By integrating sustainability considerations into our product design from development to end of use we can reduce environmental impacts as well as associated costs.

At PMI, we are committed to understanding and managing environmental impacts across our entire value chain, including the life cycles of our products.

Improving the sustainability profile of our smoke free products is particularly important as we continue to deliver technologically advanced products for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke or use other nicotine products.

These products are at the heart of our transition to a smoke free future.

Provide access to device collection and recovery to all IQOS users.

Continue to reduce the carbon footprint of our smoke free products in line with our science based targets.

Achieve eco certification for all PMI smoke free electronic devices introduced on the market as of the end of 2025.

Pursue improvements in areas such as durability, design for repair, and recycling.

Meeting these goals relies on a systematic approach that considers sustainability from the start of the product development process.

Our work is guided by our Sustainable Design Framework, which accounts for impacts related to materials selection and sourcing, components production and product manufacturing, distribution, use, and product end of life.

The guidelines are embedded into our innovation stage gate processes, and we continually reinforce our requirements and principles at each design stage gate.

To manage the end of life of our electronic devices, our centralized CIRCLE hubs inspect, process, and separate materials for recycling.

We continue to grow the capacity of these hubs, also implementing repair and refresh capabilities, and to expand their coverage by onboarding new markets.

In certain instances (e.g., in the case of challenges related to cross border transportation of electronic waste), we will complement our centralized approach with local solutions.

We expect to leverage the learnings from our CIRCLE hubs to guide and centrally govern such local solutions, ensuring they are aligned with our standards and support progress toward our global recycling targets.

Each product generation we launch incorporates improvements in quality, ease of use, durability, or performance.

Durability by design In 2021, we started the commercialization of the latest generation of our heat not burn devices, under the IQOS ILUMA brand.

These bladeless devices offer a cleaner way to heat tobacco from the core, without burning it, to provide a more consistent experience, no tobacco residue, and no need to clean the device.

This supports our objective to design products with a prolonged life cycle and to mitigate potential returns due to consumer complaints.

Further, it allowed us to minimize product accessories thus reducing the amount of resources and materials used, as cleaning sticks and other tools are no longer needed.

Reducing our product carbon footprint In general, our smoke free products have a higher carbon footprint than combustible cigarettes.

This is primarily due to the inclusion of an electronic device, which involves new components and requires electricity to charge.

Additionally, the process used to manufacture consumables such as HTUs is more energy intensive than for cigarettes due to the production of cast leaf tobacco.

We are working to reduce the carbon footprint of new versions of our smoke free products compared with previous ones through improved manufacturing processes, extending the usable life of our electronic devices, and decreasing the total carbon footprint through smart materials selection and sustainable design practices.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021   e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

We use life cycle analysis (LCA) to assess the carbon footprint of our products, from tobacco sourcing to device end of life impacts.

This analysis applies to IQOS devices, heated tobacco units, and packaging.

In 2020, we finalized the results for our new heat not burn product, IQOS ILUMA, which we launched in two markets in 2021.

IQOS ILUMA represents a new generation of products and therefore sets a new baseline for carbon footprint.

It comes with new induction technology and quality improvements that address consumer pain points and aims to prolong the product life cycle, hence reducing its environmental impact over time despite a slightly higher carbon footprint than previous device generations that were based on blade technology.

We strongly believe that IQOS ILUMA will be a key driver to support our smoke free future objectives.

We aim to drive continuous improvement in future product generations.

To this end, we have designed assessment guidelines to further embed sustainability (including carbon related) considerations in the early stages of the development process.

We will start applying those guidelines as part of our roadmap toward eco design certification.

Eco design certification Product eco design certification can drive performance by raising the standards to pursue and provide comprehensive information to consumers, enabling them to make more sustainable product choices when switching from cigarettes to smoke free products.

In 2021, we conducted an in depth assessment of certification schemes and established a roadmap to meet our ambition of having all smoke free electronic devices launched as of the end of 2025 eco design certified.

We also established a dedicated committee composed of senior leaders from our Product team.

Smoke free products and heated tobacco products, in particular are a relatively new product category.

As such, they typically are not covered by existing eco design certification standards.

Accordingly, we are implementing a two pronged approach.

Ultimately, we seek to develop and implement new category standards as necessary to achieve our certification goal.

In the shorter term, we are working to identify other ways to publicly disclose the sustainability performance of our products through structured disclosure programs.

A prerequisite to achieving our product eco design certification ambition is to continue cascading our criteria for sustainable design and integrating eco design certification requirements into our materials selection and development processes.

We strive for our products to last and increasingly aim to refresh and repair them so they stay in use as long as possible.

Achieving this starts with imposing high standards of quality and reliability (read more here) and extends to proper care, steps to refresh, repair, and refurbish devices, and recycling.

In other words, we are evolving from a collection for recycling model to a collection for recovery one.

This means we need to develop criteria to facilitate the product triage needed to expand our refresh and repair capabilities.

In this context, we have identified the following key dimensions to be addressed: (1) collection and triage of devices, distinguishing between those to be recycled and those to be refreshed or repaired (2) refresh and repair capabilities that meet quality requirements and (3) re marketing of products.

The first two pillars are highly interdependent, as the criteria and procedures for device triage are linked to the extent of our refresh and repair capabilities.

As these capabilities will strengthen over time, the triage model will also evolve, allowing a greater proportion of devices to be refreshed or repaired.

Preserve through proper device care The first pillar of our work is device life extension through better care.

We strive to help users of smoke free electronic products look after their devices so they serve them longer and to encourage them to return the devices to us after use so we can give them new life via a refresh, repair, or recycling.

We seek to minimize consumer pain points with simple tips pertaining to regular device cleaning at home or professional cleaning in our boutiques, software updates, and proper charging.

These simple actions help reduce the number of devices ending up as waste.

Building on this work, we are leveraging processes and tools in our sales channels (e.g., our stores, e commerce websites, and IQOS coaches) to prolong the life of our devices and avoid e waste through appropriate device care.

These efforts include avoiding unnecessary product replacements through proper device diagnosis and streamlined procedures for returns, warranties, and loyalty programs.

In 2021, we maintained or expanded several service based solutions aimed at extending product lifetimes through device optimization and maintenance.

This graphic is an internal assessment based on data compiled from three different LCAs and assumes 20 heated tobacco units per day.

Scope includes materials, manufacturing, and end of life, but excludes logistics.

Enhance circularity: device recycling For those broken or end of service products that cannot be given a second life, our reverse logistics program helps to recycle materials back into the economy.

Our CIRCLE program provides centralized hubs that inspect, process, and separate materials from our electronic devices for recycling.

Our CIRCLE hubs in Hungary and Japan continued to drive excellence in e waste management in 2021.

The recycling rate of our products in these two hubs combined stood at 86 percent for the year (78 percent recycling and 8 percent incineration with energy recovery).

We also continued expanding CIRCLE hub coverage, bringing the total to 14 markets covered by our CIRCLE program at the end of 2021.

This allowed us to achieve 63 percent market volume coverage globally (up from 48 percent in 2020) and progress toward our target of 100 percent by 2025.

Considering regulatory restrictions related to e waste transportation, we cannot fully leverage our recycling standards at the centralized hubs.

Hence, we will further assess potential CIRCLE capabilities that may be implemented locally yet governed by central standards.

In 2022, we plan to define a set of consistent criteria to account for local solutions under our CIRCLE program.

Nonetheless, our key objective remains to drive centralization of our efforts, as we believe this approach can bring several benefits, including economies of scale, regional investment, illicit trade prevention, and quality enhancements (accelerating design and manufacturing improvements).

We remain committed to maintaining a recycling rate of above 80 percent for our smoke free devices in our CIRCLE hubs while gradually expanding coverage.

As new hubs and products are introduced, we will continue to improve our recycling capabilities.

As we progress with device recycling, we are exploring possibilities to close the loop by reusing materials to produce new accessories for our products.

For instance, we have designed a collection of IQOS 3 accessories made out of IQOS devices recycled in our CIRCLE hubs.

The collection consists of four SKUs and will be launched in three markets as a pilot.

We expect this initiative to further encourage consumers to play an active role in reducing post consumer waste.

For instance, we released a global campaign and made a mobile application available for IQOS users in 18 markets that provides tips on how to use and clean the devices, as well as basic troubleshooting instructions.

We also installed firmware upgrade retail solutions in all markets in which our smoke free products are sold to make device maintenance more convenient and support product life cycle extension.

Overall, the combination of device quality improvements and consumer facing efforts contributed to reducing our device return rate by around one third in the past two years.

Promote device second life: refresh and repair We strive to establish commercially viable programs that offer a second life to devices and cycle them back into the economy.

We are in the early stages of moving from a collection for recycling model to a collection for recovery model, which will help us attain meaningful circularity.

We took steps in 2021 to prepare and scale up capabilities at our CIRCLE hubs to enable the processing of devices for a second life.

To guide us in this journey, we have set an ambitious target to refresh or repair at least one million smoke free electronic devices by 2025 (cumulative since 2021).

Key prerequisites of a successful second life strategy include the ability to collect and sort devices, distinguishing between those to be recycled and those to be recovered, and to repair devices according to quality and safety standards.

Considering that we launched IQOS in the Czech and Slovak markets back in 2017, naturally some of our customers possess devices that have reached the end of their technological life cycle.

We would like to motivate them not to throw the electronic equipment in mixed waste, but rather to return it to us so that we can take care of it on their behalf.

In 2021, to build a foundation for our device second life program, we conducted pilots to test the IQOS refreshed value proposition in several markets across Europe and Asia.

In five of these markets (Austria, Germany, Japan, Switzerland, and U.K.), we collected and refreshed devices returned by consumers at the end of the device trial period (our lending program allows adult smokers to test the product for a maximum of 30 days).

Product refreshes do not involve replacing internal components but, rather, swapping in new external components when damaged, deep cleaning, and repackaging.

We worked with our partners at our CIRCLE hubs in Hungary and Japan to apply triage criteria.

We determined whether each component merited recovery or recycling, primarily focusing on the IQOS chargers and holders.

We also considered user documents, packaging boxes, and charging cables.

We refreshed around 62,000 devices during this pilot phase and resold them in eight markets (the five pilot countries plus Malaysia, New Zealand, and Portugal), either as a pilot or as part of the standard product assortment.

Overall, the results of the pilots, along with consumers’ direct feedback and research insights, confirmed the validity and potential of the second life concept and encouraged us to continue our journey toward circularity.

The refreshed products were sold at lower price points than new ones and demonstrated high consumer satisfaction.

Also in 2021, we piloted an extended collection of used devices from consumers in two markets: the Czech Republic and Slovakia.

Our take back program has been designed to accept returns of any used devices consumers no longer want.

We deployed dedicated collection boxes across our IQOS retail network, covering 56 shops in the Czech Republic and 19 in Slovakia.

We then sent the returned electronic devices to the CIRCLE hub in Hungary for recycling.

The initiative has been met with a very positive reaction from consumers.

One of our next priorities will be to expand the collection of used devices via other consumer programs and increase their processing for a second life.

We plan to further expand the program’s geographic coverage and will continue to increase our refresh and repair capabilities.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021  e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

Our approach to packaging contributes significantly to our efforts to preserve and protect the planet’s resources.

We use packaging for all our products, including cigarettes and smoke free electronic devices, consumables, and accessories.

We aim to develop solutions that minimize packaging materials and improve their circularity without compromising protection and convenience.

We are driving our approach through ambitious commitments.

Improve circularity: To prevent the depletion of finite resources, we seek to increase the recyclability of our packaging and to reduce the use of materials made from non renewable sources, in particular aluminum and non recyclable plastics.

Fundamental to our efforts is integrating circularity considerations into the sourcing of renewable materials, minimizing packaging, and reducing end of life implications.

In the design stage, for instance, we prioritize the use of recyclable mono materials and the reduction of the void inside the packaging to optimize transportation, both of which reduce the product’s carbon footprint.

To ensure circularity, the packaging should be easily recycled by consumers.

This requires that a recycling infrastructure be available for the materials selected in markets across the globe.

Our teams in the Consumer, Product, and Procurement departments work together to promote the various elements of circular packaging design.

Our first ambition is to decrease the volume of materials used in our packaging.

We focus first on board, the primary material used in our packaging.

In 2021, we estimate that over 70 percent of the volume of board and paper we sourced for our packaging came from suppliers with Chain of Custody (CoC) certified according to the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC), Programme for the Endorsement of Forest Certification (PEFC), or Sustainable Forest Initiative (SFI) standards.

Working with our major suppliers, we continued to roll out the replacement of the packaging board used in our HTU and cigarette packaging with a 10 percent lighter alternative.

By the end of 2021, we completed some of the projects within our board weight reduction program, enabling us to save an estimated 8,500 tons of board without compromising pack quality.

Meanwhile, we achieved significant progress in the packaging used for our smoke free devices and accessories.

In 2021, we launched a new IQOS ILUMA packaging without any plastic shrink film or plastic window, leading to a 9 ton reduction in plastics used.

Packaging materials efficiency was also improved, with new packaging formats being 40 percent lighter and 20 percent smaller, representing 43 tons of fiber based packaging reduction while keeping equivalent product protection.

Those improvements have significantly reduced packaging carbon emissions for IQOS ILUMA.

We also worked to facilitate the proper disposal of packaging by consumers.

For instance, we have stopped using magnets in our device boxes and are taking steps to replace plastic laminated board to achieve complete recyclability of our devices and accessories packaging in the paper stream.

Overall, between 2018 and 2021, we reduced our total packaging materials weight by 8 percent and are on track to meet our 15 percent reduction target by 2025.

For all markets where such a change is possible according to local regulatory compliance.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021    e t s a w r e m u s n o c  t s o p e c u d e.

Acting on our commitment to eliminate non recyclable materials and increase renewable material use to 95 percent by 2025, we set up a program to replace aluminum inner liners with paper versions.

We also are consumer testing alternatives to plastic packaging.

Eliminating aluminum Our combustible cigarettes and HTUs are encased in an inner liner inside the pack.

More than 85 percent of the inner liners in our packaging are recyclable in the paper stream (2020: 74 percent), and we are committed to eliminating the use of non recyclable aluminum foil in all markets in which that is permitted by the end of 2022.

In a few markets, we will have to continue using non recyclable aluminum inner liners to comply with local regulatory requirements.

To mitigate the environmental and social impact, we seek to source certified aluminum from our tier 1 suppliers.

In 2021, 89 percent of the aluminum used in our packaging was Aluminum Stewardship Initiative (ASI) certified, either under the Performance Standard or the Chain of Custody.

Substituting non recyclable plastic packaging Currently, the plastic wrap around our packs of consumables and secondary cardboard packaging is recyclable but is not made from renewable sources.

We are exploring the use of renewable alternatives to plastic.

We have received positive feedback from consumer panels and plan to pilot a new packaging solution in one or more selected markets in 2022.

Leveraging the learnings of the pilot programs we launched in 2021, we will expand our responsible post consumer waste management programs for smoke free consumables to the global level.

We will continue to combat littering and work to develop products that further integrate eco design principles, driving significant waste reduction and addressing the issue at the source.

We will also take steps to commercialize second life devices on a larger scale.

First, we plan to expand the collection of used devices and further test first level triage processes (e.g., at our IQOS stores) while improving the recovery process and our repair and refresh capabilities.

As these capabilities will strengthen over time and new product generations will be more repairable by design, we expect an increasing number of devices to be sorted for recovery and second life.

We will continue to systematically implement our sustainable design principles throughout our product development.

Research will continue to identify technologies and materials that could enhance the overall sustainability of our smoke free product portfolio.

As we continue to refine our products, we expect iterations at the design stage to leverage our eco design principles and further support our second life program ambitions.

Meanwhile, we will continue to rollout our CIRCLE program across the markets in which we commercialize our smoke free products, amplifying our reach while maintaining high recycling rates.

As we move along in our eco design certification ambition, we are engaging with eco labeling organizations to support product category definitions for electronics and translate the insights into our product development process.

In 2022, we will continue deploying and expanding cigarette butt anti littering programs across the countries in which we operate, in coordination with key stakeholders and partners.

We will intensify our efforts to research and apply effective solutions to increase awareness of the littering issue among adult smokers, and we will continue to use our brands as carriers of those messages when possible.

Meanwhile, we remain committed to investing in R D to find solutions that can successfully help us remove plastic from our combustible products, by exploring and assessing alternative filtering materials that can completely replace cellulose acetate.

Our employees are drivers of innovation and the ambassadors of our purpose.

We aspire to provide meaningful and fair employment, opportunities to grow, and a workplace that champions well being and inclusion.

Equitable and fair conditions of employment are crucial for societal harmony and well being and are central to a sustainable and prosperous future for all.

Effective talent attraction, development, and retention ensure employees can pursue professional opportunities and contribute meaningfully to society.

By protecting and promoting equality, diversity, equity, and fair treatment human rights that are essential to unlocking social and economic development we seek to instill in our workers a sense of belonging and maintain an inclusive workplace culture.

Moreover, by ensuring that all people who work with us enjoy a safe and healthy work environment and by attending to their physical and mental well being, we can positively impact their lives beyond their time spent at work.

Our long term business success relies on human capital in the form of the dedication, talent, and passion of our employees.

It is essential for us to provide a fair and inclusive workplace that upholds good working conditions and labor rights, protects the health and safety of employees, promotes their well being, and offers opportunities to grow and improve their employability.

Investing in our people and providing meaningful employment helps us to recruit and retain talented individuals, achieve high productivity and efficient operations in a context of rapid change, and deliver on our company’s purpose.

Furthermore, we regard diversity as one of our greatest assets.

We strongly believe that a more diverse and inclusive culture better attracts talent and improves decision making, innovation, customer orientation, and employee satisfaction.

Our ambition is to be an employer of choice, fostering an inclusive culture wherever we operate in the world.

This means ensuring that our employees experience fair working conditions, opportunities to develop skills and boost their employability, and a workplace that protects and promotes their health, safety, and well being.

Our Guidebook for Success and its accompanying set of internal Principles and Practices guide the work of our teams globally.

These commitments and policies are complemented by various internal guidelines, standards, and toolkits.

These include our Workplace Integrity policy, which aligns with our Commitment to Human Rights and relevant standards of the International Labour Organization (ILO), and our Health, Safety, and Security policy, as well as our general commitment to promote and protect human rights in accordance with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs).

Dedicated teams within our People Culture function headed by our Senior Vice President, People Culture, a member of our Company Management lead efforts on labor relations, talent attraction and retention, learning and development, performance management, and compensation.

Our Chief Diversity Officer oversees the development and deployment of strategies to foster diversity, improve inclusion, and promote well being in the workplace.

Our Senior Vice President, Operations oversees the company’s strategy and performance on health and safety across our manufacturing sites, fleet, and offices.

We develop and deploy specific programs accompanied by tailored commitments and targets that allow us to track progress and adjust our actions as needed.

We use training and communications to help employees understand the standards and processes relevant to their roles and how to apply them in their daily work.

We use multiple formats and languages to optimize our reach across the organization.

Employees can speak up about employment related concerns, ask questions, and recommend improvements to their supervisors, P C teams, our Ethics Compliance function, or through our helpline.

We strive to maintain an environment that is inclusive, safe, and professional.

We promote diversity, equality, and equity in our organization, ensuring that all employment related decisions are merit based.

We do not tolerate harassment, discrimination, abuse or misuse of company assets or resources, violence, or the misuse of alcohol or drugs.

We do not engage in or condone child labor, forced labor, or other labor abuses.

We encourage effective engagement and dialogue with employees and their representatives.

All employees, irrespective of role, location, type of employment, or length of service, have the right to work under fair and just conditions.

Treating people with respect and dignity is central to the fundamental principles that guide our business conduct and unite us as a company.

Labor rights are an integral part of human rights.

We are determined to uphold high diligence in recognizing employee rights, fostering stable and collaborative labor relations practices, and observing high standards of employment.

Constructive engagement with employee representatives serves as a bedrock of effective labor relations.

We ensure our employees are informed of their rights by their local People Culture teams, our Guidebook for Success, and related principles and practices including our Workplace Integrity policy and collective labor agreements.

We are committed to respecting the rights of employees to form or join trade unions and other employee representative organizations of their choice.

Collective labor agreements govern many of our employees’ terms and conditions at work and may include arrangements pertaining to working hours, occupational health and safety, holidays, wages, and procedures for dispute resolution.

In 2021, we had 77 collective labor agreements in 34 countries, covering 61 percent of our employees (2020: 79, 34, 62 percent).

As a global company, we consider it our duty to ensure that our entire workforce, regardless of local or national standards, is treated fairly, respectfully, and in line with our standards.

We operate in multiple countries with widely varying legal employment standards.

In those countries where the right to freedom of association is restricted, we strive to work with employees’ consultative committees and other suitable mechanisms of representation.

We value dialogue with employee representatives (e.g., trade unions and works councils) and regularly engage with them and learn from best practices.

This dialogue occurs at local, regional (e.g., European Works Council), and global (e.g., the IUF International Union of Food, Agricultural, Hotel, Restaurant, Catering, Tourism, Tobacco and Allied Workers’ Associations) levels.

In 2021, we continued the organizational restructuring of our Operations Center in Switzerland to bolster our company’s transformation.

Following 2019 and 2020 developments, four additional central functions, as well as Duty Free, underwent a full reorganization including a consultation process.

Over the past two years, 354 Swiss based employees have been dismissed due to restructuring while more than 150 employees have been redeployed internally.

Moreover, 282 employees decided to opt for the voluntary program offered in the context of the Swiss reorganization.

Organizational restructuring is a delicate phase in a company’s life, as it affects people, processes, systems, technologies, business areas, and functions.

When facing restructuring initiatives in such a challenging, complex, and ever changing environment, putting people first is our priority.

In October 2021, following an extensive assessment, a decision was made to cease production at one of our cigarette factories in Russia, PM Kuban factory, as of February 2022.

Regrettably, 244 employees (out of more than 3,200 people employed in our Russian affiliate) were impacted we were able to reemploy 98 of them at our other Russian production facility in Izhora and other affiliates.

All impacted employees received financial assistance, support from employment experts, and training opportunities.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     We plan to conduct a living wage assessment at least every two years and initiate actions as necessary to ensure we continue to meet our global living wage commitment to our employees.

Equal pay for equal work At PMI, we understand equal pay for equal work as the baseline standard for gender equality, and we have committed to regularly assess and certify that our pay practices match our good intentions.

In 2019, we became the first company to earn global certification from the nonprofit EQUAL SALARY Foundation following an intensive quantitative and qualitative review of our pay and related practices.

This independent certification verifies that PMI pays men and women equally for equal work everywhere the company operates.

The original certification was valid until April 2022 and we are proud to confirm the re certification, valid until March 2025.

As part of the process, we conducted a quantitative compensation assessment in 2021 that confirmed that men and women are paid equally for equal work.

Moreover, auditors from PricewaterhouseCoopers validated additional qualitative aspects regarding equality such as the commitment of top management to gender equality and equal pay, the objectivity of our P C pay policies and practices, transparent communication, and employee perceptions on these matters.

Equal pay for equal work is a first step in recognizing the value of women’s work and their contributions to society.

With this foundation in place, we are now working to close our broader gender pay gap (the average pay for women versus the average pay for men), including by achieving a better gender balance at senior levels of the company (learn more here).

We are committed to upholding and promoting a fair and just workplace, rewarding employees based on their performance.

Rewarding employees Our employee centered approach to benefits aims to foster a high performance culture.

Our employees are individuals with varying motivations, values, skills, experience, and aspirations each of which can change over time and this shapes our reward offerings.

Our suite of compensation, recognition, and benefits programs, platforms, and policies differs by location, taking into account local regulations, agreements, needs, and preferences.

However, there are some global elements, such as our Employee Assistance Program, and most programs incorporate bonus plans, life insurance, long term sickness plans, retirement related arrangements, and paid leave programs.

We regularly review our offerings to ensure they continue to meet the evolving needs of our workforce.

For instance, PMI’s Smart Work policy which we began rolling out in 2021 offers greater flexibility and hybrid work options.

Upholding a living wage We are committed to ensuring that all employees across the geographies in which we operate earn at least a living wage.

Paying at or above living wage benefits employees, families, communities, and our business.

It fosters talent attraction, retention, and productivity while securing our social license to operate.

A living wage, distinct from a minimum wage, provides an employee with the means to enjoy a decent standard of living, including the ability to buy goods and services and accumulate savings.

A living wage takes local living standards into account.

We have worked with Business for Social Responsibility (BSR), a leading sustainability consultancy, since 2018 to assess living wages globally.

In 2021, we undertook a global survey and analysis, which confirmed that we continue to pay at or above the living wage level for our employees everywhere we do business.

This assessment covered all our employees worldwide.

Human capital encompasses, among other things, employee knowledge, skills, know how, good health, well being, training and education.

Attracting, retaining, and developing employees is increasingly important in a time of demographic shifts, disruptions in the world of work, and business transformation.

We provide employees opportunities to learn, develop, and contribute towards our ambitious purpose while at the same time adapting to employees’ evolving needs and expectations.

PMI’s vision of a smoke free future helps to attract and retain talent.

The opportunity to contribute to achieving the company’s purpose is compelling to many, as is the chance to make a positive societal impact.

Recruiting and retaining talent Our overall employee turnover rate increased from 9.7 percent in 2020 to 12.0 percent in 2021.

After a year marked by the COVID 19 outbreak in 2020, the increase in 2021 reflects our continued business transformation, as well as broader shifts in workforce trends and preferences.

In 2021, we hired close to 8,400 employees worldwide and filled almost one out of five open positions with internal candidates.

Our internal careers market provides current employees with transparency and easy access to opportunities.

It helps us to mobilize our diverse talents across the organization and support the career growth and satisfaction of our employees.

Achieving a high retention rate starts with effective onboarding processes for new employees.

In 2021, we continued to improve these processes and our employee induction program, which includes training related to the business, how we create value, our products, and our approach to sustainable development.

We leverage a holistic approach to employee listening to capture the needs and expectations of our workforce during different moments in their career, such as onboarding, a change of position, or a promotion.

In 2021, we updated our methodology to expand scope and cover employees on long term leave (over 30 calendar days) we have restated historical data accordingly.

For instance, in 2021, we developed a playbook to guide managers throughout their journey, from hiring to managing growth and development, supporting their teams, resolving issues, and recognizing superior performance.

Equipping supervisors with such knowledge and tools is essential to providing meaningful employee experiences, fostering engagement, and boosting PMI’s attractiveness as an employer.

As PMI evolves and progresses towards its purpose, understanding and sourcing critical, strategic, future fit skills is essential.

Strategic workforce planning enables us to proactively manage and deploy talent, address potential risks, and capitalize on opportunities to better manage talents in the longer term.

In 2021, we took steps to enhance our shorter term operational workforce planning.

We piloted an internal online platform that allows employees to join projects based on their skills, interests, and availability.

We want to help employees grow by applying their skills or learning new ones in contexts different from their day to day jobs.

The platform was made available to around 1,200 employees in our Commercial function across 35 markets in 2021.

Performance and career development Performance and career development reviews support the personal growth of employees and contribute to skills management and the development of human capital within PMI.

Following pilots in 2020, we expanded our new performance management program in 2021 to cover all managerial positions worldwide (representing more than 11,000 people), as well as around 2,000 additional employees in non managerial positions.

This new program is aligned with our quickly evolving environment and ways of working particularly as we increasingly work in project based, cross functional, multidisciplinary, and virtual teams.

The approach is built on three fundamental priorities: clear objectives for all employees derived from the company strategy, continuous feedback from multiple sources, and the incorporation of the how element in line with PMI’s leadership model.

This new approach provides a more holistic picture of the value and impact each employee brings.

Employees in non managerial positions, who were not covered with the new performance management approach in 2021, continued to undergo a performance management approach that leverages the PMI leadership model and sets out a clear methodology for objective setting.

In addition to the new performance management program, we improved our talent review process in 2021 to ensure employees’ careers and development are discussed in a structured, objective, and fair manner.

We seek to provide employees access to opportunities to develop their skills and careers.

Our global approach to learning takes into account what employees need and when they need it.

Our learning culture aims to foster a skilled and confident workforce by giving people the tools they need to perform to the best of their abilities within their current roles and to develop their potential to be successful in future roles.

Digital learning In 2021, with many office based employees continuing to work remotely, whether full or part time, we focused on strengthening our digital learning capabilities and offerings.

Based on a total of 55,276 employees maintained in PMI’s central HR system.

Our training is delivered through our global e learning platform, FUSE.

By the end of 2021, around 75 percent of our workforce had access to and were actively engaged on the platform.

Digital training programs available on FUSE range from foundational knowledge of our products, science, and transformation to effective leadership, well being management, and IT and digital capability development.

Our Global Learning Network, made up of close to 800 employee volunteers representing a broad range of countries, functions, and seniority levels, plays a vital role in informing the design and delivery of our learning products.

Working closely with these team members allows us to stay learner focused in our approach and truly understand what our employees need and value.

Targeted programs We also create targeted programs to help employees acquire and develop the skills that will allow us to meet our strategic targets.

Every PMI employee owns their development, and we know that not everyone learns in the same way or at the same pace.

Consequently, our portfolio of learning products is flexible, incorporating online self paced resources, virtual classrooms, and in person sessions.

Consumer centricity: PMI’s first global learning game, Bee Wow, is a custom, data driven training solution focused on building consumer centric behaviors, knowledge, and skills.

Since its global launch in October 2021, more than 1,500 employees have completed the game, gaining knowledge and confidence in the training subjects and implementing this learning into their day to day work.

The program continues to achieve results and receive external recognition, including a silver medal for Best Use of Games or Simulations at the 2021 Brandon Hall Group Excellence Awards in Learning.

Both employee and managerial feedback demonstrate that the training tool is effective, efficient, and well received.

Leadership development: At PMI, every employee is considered a leader, and it is vital that we provide the necessary support to enable everyone to grow, develop, and contribute to the success of the company.

We have invested in leadership development offerings over the past several years and have put in place solutions covering critical areas such as leading change, first level management skills, and resilience.

Women empowerment: The first program, developed with our Inclusion Diversity team, was for high potential female employees.

This initiative recognized that women often operate within systems built on masculine norms systems that are still adapting to be fully inclusive.

With a focus on personal growth and development, the initiative was designed to provide participants strategies and tactics with which to navigate common barriers, create a sense of community and belonging, and focus on what is truly important to them in their lives and careers.

More than 50 senior female leaders participated in the six month program, which incorporated virtual classrooms, one to one sessions with an external coach, and group activities.

Leadership succession: The second program was designed to help us build a succession pipeline for our Company Management.

Participants in the nine month program first established individual development plans.

Through trainings by external partners such as INSEAD and Duke Corporate Education, as well as individual and group coaching, the program helped participants bolster the critical business and leadership capabilities they will need to be ready to step into a senior management role when the right position is identified for them.

In addition to the core elements offered by our external partners, participants were able to select from a number of elective elements targeting their areas of expertise and interest.

Improving equity: providing access to opportunities that boost employability PMI is changing, and so is the world of work.

New technologies are disrupting the business environment, driving a need for new skills and capabilities.

Continuous upskilling and reskilling is essential to ensure employees thrive and, as a result, improve the company’s performance.

We seek to empower our employees to take ownership of their career development by focusing on equity, granting access, and democratizing training by offering a range of voluntary learning opportunities.

For example, our digital language learning program is available to all employees worldwide.

As of the end of 2021, 3,561 employees were actively learning or perfecting a new language, and the company experienced a significant uplift in language proficiency.

Meanwhile, our Operations function continued to expand its voluntary lifelong learning program.

Designed to improve equity, be inclusive, and enable growth, the program empowers employees to choose the skills they want to learn to shape their careers in the direction of their choice.

There are no prerequisites for signing up for a course, and PMI offers bridge courses so employees at all levels can enter the program where they fit and progress toward higher levels and certifications.

The online certification programs vary in length and difficulty, ranging from a few hours up to 18 months, with some counting toward a master’s or other advanced degree at a designated partner university.

In 2021, we rolled out access to all employees in our Operations function (totaling around 21,000 people), as well as to specific additional functions and geographies.

By year end, the program counted around 3,000 active learners across 50 countries, who logged an estimated 38,000 training hours during 2021 and obtained 1,680 academic certifications.

More broadly, in 2021, we started identifying and mapping potential training and education areas in which to invest to meet the emerging demands of our company and the job market.

We will fine tune and expand this preliminary work in 2022, laying the groundwork for a more holistic approach to lifelong learning.

This will guide our progress toward our newly introduced aspiration to provide 70 percent of our employees with structured lifelong learning offers by 2025.

Listening to our employees is an essential part of our strategy and key to achieve our purpose.

We conduct an extended company wide employee survey annually, which we complement with regular pulse checks throughout the year.

The results of our annual survey in 2021 to which 44,089 employees responded showed an overall improvement compared with 2020.

With an employee Net Promoter Score (eNPS) of 35, we achieved for the second consecutive year our target of maintaining a minimum eNPS of 30, and we are 10 points above the global benchmark provided by our external partner Karian and Box.

The results underscore that employees feel highly confident in the success of PMI’s transformation and inspired by the company’s purpose.

Compared with 2020, the survey data showed strong improvement in collaboration between markets and functions, and in line managers asking for feedback.

Areas on which we need to focus further are employee reward and recognition, as well as career opportunities.

Moreover, while on a positive trend, our employee well being rating collected as part of a separate survey shed light on the need to promote and protect our employees’ mental health and well being (read more here).

We examine our engagement scores through a range of filters, including function, location, tenure, age, gender, grade, and working arrangements during COVID 19.

This segmentation helps us to shape action plans more precisely.

When we analyze results by gender, for instance, we see the engagement results improved compared with the previous year for both women (31 to 32 points) and men (33 to 36 points), but the gap between the genders has increased.

As with previous surveys, we will use the 2021 results to deliver concrete improvements across the company, which we will disclose in our next report.

To thrive over the long term, we have embarked on a journey toward manufacturing of the future.

Our North Star: an agile, smart factory with an end to end operations ecosystem, advanced digital technology, upskilled teams, and best in class safety, quality, and sustainability performances.

We have set this vision and defined steps across all our manufacturing sites to guide our progress.

People capability development provides the foundation for this journey.

We want to support our factory workers in shifting from reactive tasks to proactive interventions by increasing their skill levels and supporting them with effective technology.

Along the way, we are deploying extensive learning opportunities (with both internal and external certifications) to help ensure our people are future fit and highly employable.

Although we anticipate that this journey typically will take six or seven years to achieve, the pace is specific to each manufacturing site and guided by the pillars of our Open program, our lean methodology aimed at eliminating losses and building the necessary capabilities to deliver sustainable results.

Keeping people safe is a moral and business imperative.

We are committed to providing a safe and healthy workplace that promotes a culture of empowerment.

We have embedded clear methodologies, procedures, and robust controls in our factories, offices, and fleet aimed at ensuring that our employees and others on site stay safe.

The health and safety of employees and contractors is covered by our management systems, which are based on recognized guidelines and standards, including ISO 45001, and assessed and audited internally and externally.

These systems enable us to monitor health and safety performance across all our manufacturing facilities, offices, and in our fleet.

We routinely update our standards and train our staff to ensure teams understand and align with the requirements.

We have long prioritized safety to protect our employees, contracted employees, and contractors in our premises.

In response to the continued COVID 19 pandemic, we maintained, reinforced, or adjusted various protective measures across our sites and activities throughout 2021.

As the pandemic evolved throughout the year in different geographies, our recovery plan focused on mitigating and managing risk.

We took a conservative and precautionary stance, with clear criteria to help our business units in different parts of the world identify when to take steps toward a gradual return to the workplace, as well as when to reimplement restrictive measures, as warranted.

PMI has a long standing commitment to support the communities where our employees live and work and where we source tobacco.

This support is provided in the form of monetary contributions and in kind donations (see the list of our 2021 social contributions here), as well as volunteer work by our employees.

Beyond supporting local communities, volunteering can motivate and enrich the lives of our employees, help them develop new skills, and enhance their perception of PMI as a great place to work.

At the end of 2020, we established global guidelines to further encourage those who would like to contribute their time, energy, and efforts to improving life in their communities.

Every PMI employee is eligible to take two days per year of paid leave for volunteering activities.

Moreover, the company commits to match with up to five additional paid leave days any additional volunteer work employees choose to do on their own time.

This is in addition to the existing customary practice of giving employees paid leave for participating in initiatives organized by the company during traditional work hours.

In 2021, amid the COVID 19 pandemic, we piloted the guidelines without broadly promoting them, and only a limited number of employees took part in the program.

In 2022, we plan to significantly increase awareness of the program among employees to empower them and assimilate volunteer work as a regular practice.

Our efforts to promote volunteer work are complemented by our employee driven philanthropy Projects with a Heart.

It is a global grassroots movement established and run by employees and endorsed by PMI.

The internal platform connects would be volunteers with people in need.

Health and safety in our factories is coordinated centrally by our Global Manufacturing team.

At site level, each facility has a dedicated team that ensures standards are met on the ground.

External certification helps us continuously improve and drive efficiency.

In 2021, all our factories producing the equivalent of more than three billion cigarettes annually achieved certification to ISO 45001.

The global multisite certification process included third party audits of a sample of our sites, which determined that best practices are embedded across all our factories.

We conduct risk assessments to identify hazards and implement necessary controls.

Our corporate targets on incidents help us evaluate the effectiveness of our safety policies and programs.

In 2021, in our manufacturing facilities, our LTIR for employees and contracted employees was 0.05 (2020: 0.07), and our total recordable incident rate (TRIR) was 0.10 (2020: 0.13).

Including contractors in the scope, our TRIR was also 0.10, down from 0.14 in 2020.

No employee, contracted employee, or contractor fatality occurred in our factories in 2021.

All incidents in our manufacturing operations are subject to in depth root cause analysis, and we apply the same thorough approach to all incidents involving contractors in our manufacturing facilities.

Our health and safety performance monitoring covers PMI employees, contracted workers who are under the direct supervision of PMI but employed by a temporary employment agency (we had around 7,000 contracted employees on average per month in 2021), and contractors when on PMI premises.

Contractors are workers who are employed by or work on behalf of a third party company contracted by PMI but who remain under the direct supervision of their employer.

Typically, such workers are involved in specific projects (e.g., machine installation or construction), facility management (e.g., building maintenance), logistics (e.g., transportation or administration), or services (e.g., canteens or medical centers on PMI premises).

In 2021, across our factories, offices, warehouses, and fleet, our integrated total recordable incidents rate (iTRIR) was 0.09 (2020: 0.12), which breaks down into 0.09 (2020: 0.11) for employees and contracted employees and 0.10 (2020: 0.16) for contractors.

We are proud of the progress made to date and remain committed to maintaining an iTRIR below 0.30 in a sustainable manner.

During the year, our lost time incident rate (LTIR) for employees, contracted employees, and contractors was 0.05 (2020: 0.08).

More specifically, it was 0.06 (2020: 0.07) for employees and contracted employees and 0.05 (2020: 0.12) for contractors.

We do not set targets on lost time incidents as we wish to handle every incident with the same level of importance, quality of analysis, and mitigating action regardless of whether the incidents result in lost time.

In 2021, we reviewed our global requirements for fleet safety and issued a global policy governing the management of our fleet vehicles, along with operational guidelines.

The goal of our fleet safety management program is to achieve zero preventable accidents and to protect employees and other road users, the company’s assets and reputation, and the environment.

The challenges we face in delivering safe working conditions relate to road conditions, law enforcement, and driving culture.

Distracted driving (e.g., using a mobile phone or eating while driving) is the leading cause of vehicle collisions (research shows that people who drive while using their phones are far more likely to be involved in a crash, and this risk multiplies for people who text while driving).

To improve driving behavior, we leverage awareness raising and connected fleet technologies.

By the end of 2021, 47 percent of our working tool cars were equipped with telematics, which provide the driver and the company with data on driving behaviors and proactively helps improve road safety, reduce fatalities and injuries, and decrease carbon emissions (read more here).

We aim to have all our working tool vehicles equipped with tools and new ways of working in the medium term.

We use behavioral observation systems (BOS) in our factories to instill a culture in which everyone involves themselves in openness, care, observation, and behavior reinforcement.

We advance this culture through communication with employees and safety alerts or notice boards.

Every person’s contribution counts a fact we recognize through awards and other means of acknowledgment.

Through BOS, we are further embedding safety into the organization’s DNA in a planned, structured, and standardized way.

Embedding a safety culture We conduct annual assessments and employee surveys to evaluate our sites’ safety culture level and identify opportunities for improvement.

Every year, we invite all employees in our manufacturing sites to participate in a survey and provide feedback on a wide range of cultural and behavioral issues related to the workplace environment and health and safety.

The results serve as a direct effectiveness check of measures put in place as a result of our regular culture assessments.

These assessments are performed at our manufacturing sites each year by a group of factory representatives from all levels of their local organizations.

Our ambition in our factories is to create an interdependent sustainability culture in which responsibility for health and safety and the workplace environment is owned by highly skilled individuals and autonomous teams and in which sustainability is demonstrated and perceived as a core company value.

The combined survey and assessment results provide our factories a detailed overview of their progress toward that goal.

Fleet We seek to protect our employees by providing safe vehicles and driver safety awareness programs to achieve zero preventable fleet safety accidents.

Our target is to reduce high severity collisions, with an ongoing goal of eliminating fatal accidents completely.

A dedicated team led by our Director, Security and Market Safety in coordination with local fleet safety committees manages security and market safety.

This team develops and deploys programs and training courses, fosters engagement at the country level, and uses monitoring systems and performance indicators to evaluate progress.

PMI’s fleet safety management system is based on recognized standards such as ISO 14001 and ISO 39001 and covers risk assessment, driver training, vehicle safety, and driver behavior.

While restrictions due to the COVID 19 pandemic prevented us from conducting standard training sessions behind the wheel in 2021, we launched a global fleet safety e learning program tailored to each driver’s core competency score and driving style.

By year end, 30 percent of company drivers had commenced the program, which includes eco driving modules, and we intend to reach a participation rate of over 85 percent in 2022.

We expect all drivers at PMI to undergo the training within a three year cycle.

Together, our standards, programs, and technology are leading to significant improvements in road safety.

Between 2019 and 2021, road related collisions resulting in employee injuries or significant vehicle damage decreased by 50 percent.

In 2021, globally, the number of collisions per million kilometers driven amounted to 0.44 (2020: 0.53).

We remain committed to maintaining a collision rate below 0.55.

Our TRIR in our fleet also shows a positive trend, having decreased globally from 0.09 in 2020 to 0.08 in 2021.

Although we continue to reduce collisions, it is to our deep regret that we endured road traffic fatalities in 2021, involving one PMI employee and two members of the public.

The accidents occurred in two countries in Asia and involved challenging circumstances related to basic motorbike defensive driving techniques, such as traffic anticipation, maintenance of safe speeds for the road conditions, and proper use of personal protective equipment such as helmets.

Lessons learned from the investigations include the necessity for motorbike specific defensive driving training, along with the continued deployment of our robust fleet safety management program.

While always valuable, varied perspectives, experiences, and problem solving skills are especially critical in times of change.

We regard our employees’ diversity as one of our greatest assets.

We therefore seek to cultivate an inclusive environment where diversity can thrive and all employees feel respected, supported, and engaged.

This is the only way diversity can be sustained and our employees can be able to perform at their best, contributing fully to our company’s purpose.

At PMI, we aim to celebrate all types of diversity, both demographic (e.g., race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, gender identity, age group, as well as visible or invisible disability) and experiential (how people think, work, communicate, and live).

Advancing gender equality and empowering women Increasing female representation A gender gap is a talent gap.

Building a gender balanced organization, therefore, remains one of our top priorities.

Globally, 42.2 percent of our employees were women in 2021, and 39.7 percent of our managerial roles were held by women.

We are confident that we will achieve our target of 40 percent of management positions held by women by the end of 2022.

Beyond that, our ambition is to maintain a minimum of 40 percent female representation globally and have a maximum of 60 percent of any gender identity in management positions in most of our business functions and regions by 2025.

During 2021, all business units set specific gender aspirational targets and focused their agendas on gender balanced external recruiting and internal promotions.

Our managerial new hires’ gender ratio for the year was 44.7 percent for women (an increase of 6 points versus 2020), and the proportion of promotions to management positions that went to women was 47.6 percent (2020: 45.0 percent).

To optimize our business, we believe it is critical that we improve the gender balance in decision making roles.

We are committed to having at least 32 percent of senior roles held by women by 2023 and 35 percent by 2025.

In 2021, women represented 31.1 percent of senior positions (2020: 29.6 percent).

Advancing gender equality and improving equity to foster inclusion requires us to better understand and tackle structural barriers pertaining to these issues.

In 2021, we piloted Catalyst’s MARC initiative (Men Advocating Real Change) in two functions, and we will make this learning experience available globally in 2022.

We are committed to inspiring men to become aware of unconscious bias, understand male privilege, and leverage their power and position to advocate for tangible change that can advance equity and equality.

As part of this process, we have begun communicating about the importance of allyship in the workplace through our internal social media channels, with the aim of sparking a global conversation.

We also focus our efforts on specific business functions.

For example, we initiated a program to identify the causes of low female representation at different levels of the sales organization and tailor initiatives to address them.

Our Chief Diversity Officer puts special attention on hearing the voices of frontline female employees worldwide to understand whether PMI’s strategy reaches all women in the organization.

In 2021, Philip Morris (Pakistan) Limited (PMPKL) launched MakeYourComeback, a platform for women who have taken a break from paid work and wish to relaunch their careers.

Through this program, PMPKL amassed more than 400 applications from women, 10 of whom were hired for various projects based on their capabilities and experience.

An extensive virtual onboarding program was put in place, including assigned buddies to help the new hires understand the culture and feel integrated into the PMI community.

We are gathering learnings from this experience to determine whether we will replicate the approach in other countries.

Closing the gender pay gap Our global EQUAL SALARY certification verifies that PMI pays men and women equally for equal work (read more here).

Alongside equal pay, we are committed to fostering fairness in the workplace and closing our gender pay gap.

The gender pay gap refers to the percentage difference between the average pay for men and women.

PMI’s global EQUAL SALARY certification gives us confidence that unequal pay for equal work does not contribute to the gender pay gap at PMI.

Rather, the gap stems from the fact that women are underrepresented in senior leadership roles.

The imbalance also needs to be viewed in the context of our overall workforce demographics.

In particular, of the 68,547 people we employed as of the end of 2021, over a third were in Indonesia, where our workforce is predominantly composed of thousands of people, mainly women, who hand roll cigarettes at our manufacturing facilities.

There is no silver bullet for closing the gender gap.

Success requires an ecosystem of interrelated actions across the entire employee life cycle: from recruitment and training to retention and promotion.

Critical actions include having a commitment to gender balance led from the top, crafting personalized career and development plans for female leaders, celebrating female talent as role models, and providing female talent with opportunities to build connections and gain mentoring and sponsorship support through networking events and leadership forums.

Success also requires an environment that promotes and protects inclusion so that diversity can thrive.

A company culture that celebrates, welcomes, and appreciates diversity will not only help increase and accelerate progress towards closing the gaps, but, more importantly, ensure that this success is sustained over time.

Focusing on national representation Another priority for us is to strengthen the diversity of nationalities within our global workforce and, in particular, to grow local talent within executive management teams.

Our employees represented 133 nationalities at year end 2021, contributing to an international culture that many employees value.

Despite this international makeup, there is a need for our executive teams to better reflect PMI’s geographic footprint and the diversity of its consumers.

In particular, we have set a new commitment to increase to at least 20 percent Asian representation in senior roles by 2025.

Asian nationals currently hold around 16 percent of PMI’s senior roles.

In contrast, the South and Southeast Asia (S SA) and East Asia and Australia (EA A) regions together represented 46 percent of our total workforce in 2021.

In this context, in 2021, our S SA and EA A regions launched a tailored program with the objective to build and accelerate the development of high potential Asian talents.

A total of 64 employees in management positions participated in the first year rollout.

The program follows a blended learning approach from the Duke Corporate Education faculty, external experts, and PMI leaders to sharpen the agility and management capabilities of the participants.

It offers course learnings and real business challenges that will equip them with strategic and organizational skills that will be instrumental for their readiness to take on leadership roles in Asia and globally across PMI.

Furthermore, we believe it is necessary to rebalance local and foreign representation within market executive teams.

While it remains important to offer employees the opportunity to relocate for their development and for talent transfers to accelerate progress in a market, we are clear that an inclusive and consumer centric approach is paramount for our success in any given country.

Accordingly, we have set a new ambition to develop local talent for leadership positions, and we aim to achieve a minimum local representation of 60 percent in at least 80 percent of our markets.

In 2022, we intend to establish our baseline and design and implement a multiyear plan.

We can put in place programs to increase diversity, but if we fail to welcome, protect, and empower diverse people and their voices to thrive, that sought after diversity will not be sustainable.

Inclusion means ensuring all people feel they belong and are an integral part of our company.

If diversity is marginalized, and not properly integrated, employees are not only less likely to perform at their highest level, but also unlikely to be retained.

Only a truly inclusive culture can ensure we benefit fully from the value diversity can bring to our organization.

Measuring inclusion We understand that inclusion unlocks the potential of diversity.

However, unlike diversity, inclusion can be challenging to measure and to track over time.

In 2021, we sought to capture employee sentiment on inclusion, leveraging our global employee listening survey.

We introduced a set of six new questions derived from research by Gartner.

The responses identified the following critical dimensions of inclusion: fair treatment, integrating differences, decision making, psychological safety, trust, belonging, and diversity.

We averaged the scores attributed to those six questions to build an inclusion index.

At 76 percent, the index showed an overall high perception of inclusion within PMI.

Around half of the participants responded positively to all questions, and the experience of inclusion by women versus men did not highlight any significant discrepancy (inclusion index of 74 percent for women and 78 percent for men).

However, the exercise shed light on notable differences regarding individual questions.

For instance, questions linked to integrating differences and decision making scored high, while lower scores were accorded to questions linked to fair treatment and psychological safety.

Also, the gap between women and men widened on questions related to psychological safety and fair rewards.

The findings also revealed a lower experience of inclusion among those employees who identify as belonging to an underrepresented group.

This first attempt to measure inclusion helped us set a baseline of employees’ feelings and to design programs tailor made for every function according to their results.

Following a year when inclusion and diversity efforts moved center stage amid the global pandemic, the absence of a single authoritative approach to effectively measuring inclusion in business has become even more apparent.

To address the issue, on International Women’s Day (March 8, 2021), we launched Inclusive Future, a year long research and convening project to advance the discourse and practices surrounding inclusivity.

In partnership with the International Institute for Management Development (IMD) in Switzerland, we are working to devise effective and timely ways to promote inclusive cultures within organizations of all types.

Inclusive Future will take stock of best practices and established thought leadership and explore how recent events and the current climate can inform the evolution of more effective approaches for driving inclusive cultures.

We aim to better understand, develop, and advance the discourse surrounding inclusion today and into the future, aiming to explore more sophisticated ways to measure it going forward.

Encouraging employees to take an active role We strongly believe that promoting inclusion is a collective responsibility and that education and awareness raising is an essential first step.

In 2021, we continued to promote our global employee resource groups (ERG) on women, race, ethnicity, and LGBTQ inclusion, and we launched a new ERG focused on disability.

Our employee led groups focus on particular dimensions of diversity and are intended to provide a platform for building a sense of belonging and sparking conversations.

They organize events, provide mentoring opportunities, and host conversations in which employees are encouraged to share their diverse perspectives and experiences to better understand and support one another.

Every ERG is open to all at PMI, led by a committee of volunteers, sponsored by a member of Company Management, and supported by an external subject matter expert partnership.

In 2021, around 10,000 employees participated in one or more of our ERG programs and events.

STRIPES convenes employees around gender identity and provides a formalized structure and global strategy for the local LGBTQ networks present in 29 markets.

In 2021, we partnered with Stonewall and began reviewing together some of our internal policies to ensure they are representative and inclusive of LGBTQ colleagues.

We also partnered with Accenture to start running an intercompany training focused on allyship.

EMBRACE aims to champion racial, ethnic, and cultural equality by raising awareness and understanding of the challenges faced by underrepresented groups.

In 2021, we partnered with the Racial Justice Institute to advance PMI’s efforts in this area through training, workshops, and engagement opportunities focused on racial justice, allyship, and advocacy.

As of year end, we had four local race and ethnicity ERG chapters in addition to our global ERG.

WIN (Women’s Inspiration Network) seeks to provide a supportive place to inspire and empower women to advance their skills, expand their network and unlock their full potential.

In 2021, WIN organized three global events with external speakers and started weekly virtual coffee corners, providing a networking opportunity to women (and men) of PMI.

Currently, more than 40 markets have access to local WIN chapters.

ABLE, launched in 2021, aims to foster a more inclusive and diverse organization by attracting candidates and supporting employees with different abilities.

Following PMI becoming a signatory to The Valuable 500 in 2020, we brought on PurpleSpace as an external adviser and collaborator for internal events.

Philip Morris International Integrated Report 2021     PMI’s global ERGs ran a year end event attended by our CEO. The event provided a platform through which employees could provide feedback and input into the company’s broad strategic plans and activities for the year ahead in alignment with the global inclusion and diversity (I D) multiyear strategy.

Raising awareness and knowledge In 2021, we broadcast our first global I D conference.

Our Chief Diversity Officer hosted two sessions, available to all employees, and introduced the global I D multiyear strategy.

Our Chief Consumer Officer explained the IQOS inclusive brand principles, and we announced the introduction of global ERGs.

As part of our ongoing effort to gather diverse input for our inclusion and diversity strategy and programs, we created an internal employee group (I D Soundboard), which meets regularly to give input and feedback to the I D team.

We also implemented monthly global I D Office Hours.

These sessions offer a casual and safe setting in which employees worldwide can openly raise questions or topics with our Chief Diversity Officer and the global I D team and share their thoughts with participants from different teams and business areas.

We also continued our efforts to build a culture of inclusive behaviors through our I D learning curriculum.

We support teams in addressing challenges through a set of e learning experiences in which employees learn about the origins of bias and the various ways it shows up in organizations.

Participants receive practical tools and techniques to combat prejudice and preconceived notions.

Maintaining a happy and healthy workplace is key to employee engagement, productivity, satisfaction, and retention.

We understand that when people feel good, they are likely to contribute more to their families, their work, and society.

Our aspiration is to promote an environment that supports employee well being as an enabler of professional and personal fulfillment, sustainable high performance, and business results.

The extraordinary circumstances of the COVID 19 pandemic further precipitated focused attention on this area.

While PMI has provided benefits centered on health and well being for some time, these were primarily focused on reactive support or led by local market teams without a unifying global framework.

In 2021, we created a global framework and established an integrated and data driven roadmap of priority actions to support the holistic well being of employees across the company.

Our work was supported by insights gathered through our employee listening surveys, benchmarks of best in class practices, and the help of external experts.

Under our holistic framework, well being incorporates physical needs, psychological needs, and self fulfillment.

Personal purpose and alignment with PMI’s purpose Inclusion and sense of belonging Career growth and skills development Volunteerism opportunities.

Quality of relationships at work: Providing a work environment that promotes psychological safety, employee appreciation and recognition, and respect for personal boundaries and work life balance Support: Providing appropriate proactive (e.g., education, self help tools) and reactive (e.g.

Employee Assistance Program, insurance) support to employees.

Comfortable workplace and access to facilities or tools to encourage physical fitness.

Comprehensive benefits offer to support well being Policies and norms that encourage healthy behaviors and recharge energy.

Strengthening resilience To build a solid well being program, we must also look at how society and the workplace will evolve.

An aging population and workforce coupled with new ways of working and increased digitalization mean that people will need to learn new capabilities and skills and unlearn others (read more about our lifelong learning program here).

Against this backdrop, we want to foster a mindset that helps our employees embrace change and strengthens their resilience to maintain well being over the long term.

In 2021, we piloted resilience deep dive workshops in South Africa, accompanied by an online diagnostic tool.

We intend to expand those workshops in select geographies in 2022.

We aim to provide well being offerings that fit employee needs and expectations and that are anchored in the local context of where our people live and work.

Family and caregiver support Our goal is to promote an inclusive and equitable vision of care through our global parental leave principles, which provide primary caregivers a minimum of 18 weeks of fully paid parental leave and a secondary caregiver a minimum of eight weeks fully paid parental leave.

The rollout of those new global principles began in January 2021.

By the end of the year, more than 52 countries were aligned with the new global principles.

We aim to cover all our markets by the end of 2022.

In parallel, we launched an online platform in 2021 that offers resources to support employees with the professional and personal challenges they may experience as a caregiver.

In addition, childcare facilities or contributions are provided in 28 of our markets.

Further, most of our sites offer dedicated spaces to be used as lactation rooms.

Supporting our employees and their families Our global Employee Assistance Program, launched in 2020, offers first line support to our employees and their close relatives in the areas of psychological, financial, and legal counseling.

Support is provided in local languages across 79 countries under high standards of confidentiality.

By the end of 2021, the program covered 96 percent of our total workforce, with the remainder being covered by local schemes expected to transition to the global program in 2022 or 2023.

Flexible working arrangements Even prior to COVID 19 and the shift to remote work, PMI was promoting more balanced ways of working.

In 2021, around 95 percent of our markets already provided PMI employees with flexible working conditions, including remote work, part time employment, unpaid leave, and flexible working time.

Measuring well being to drive action We know data and insights are key to introducing relevant interventions in support of employee well being.

As part of our regular employee listening, we ask employees three times a year to answer the following question: How would you rate your psychological or emotional well being at present This is measured on a five point scale from very bad to very good.

In October 2021, 61 percent of employees responded good or very good.

While the score increased, we did not achieve the target we set in 2020 of 63 percent by 2021, likely because of the unexpected continuation of the pandemic.

The gap of nine percentage points between men (64 percent) and women (55 percent) is substantial (and represents an increase from the gap of five percentage points recorded in October 2020) and requires further investigation.

We will continue to track progress on this indicator and aim to achieve a 70 percent score by 2025.

To get deeper insights, we piloted a tailored well being study across six of our markets (one per region) in 2021.

The study methodology incorporated a survey (to which more than 3,600 office based employees responded) and analytics aggregating information on the use of computer based tools by employees (data were drawn from those employees who agreed to share such information on a confidential basis).

This two pronged approach allowed us to analyze the root causes of well being, ranging from our ways of working and relationships with managers to presenteeism and employees’ sense of belonging.

Leveraging the insights gathered, we aim to develop a well being performance indicator that will allow us to measure holistic wellness, monitor progress, and identify appropriate interventions.

We believe it is crucial to raise awareness and encourage conversations around mental health to equip employees to support themselves and others and also to remove the stigma around the issue.

In May 2021, we organized a Mental Health Conference, which attracted a broad global audience and received positive feedback from our employees.

Following this event, we organized a Mental Health Week in October, inviting PMI employees to share their stories and hosting talks with internal and external experts on topics ranging from how to spot and prevent burnout to the power of listening and recognition.

Encouragingly, we saw positive dynamics in how employees feel about PMI’s concern for their mental health and their awareness of where to go for help.

We have also convened a Well being Advisory Group, a diverse body that includes senior leaders and well being advocates from various functions and regions.

This group informed the development of the well being framework and the roadmap of initiatives for 2022 and beyond.

It will continue to serve as a sounding board to help us recalibrate our strategy and initiatives as we progress.

From our research and listening to the markets, we know there is a lot of interest among employees in improving their knowledge of mental health, how to look after their own mental health, and how to support others who might be struggling.

To address this demand, we piloted Unmind, a workplace platform that provides a breadth of tools and training backed by the latest psychological research.

It is intended to help employees understand more about and proactively look after and improve their mental well being and that of others around them.

The platform was made available in 10 countries in late 2021.

We will review the results of this pilot and, if it is successful, will roll it out further.

The health and safety of our employees will remain at the top of our agenda, and we will closely monitor how the pandemic evolves, adjusting our measures as needed and seeking ways to best support our employees.

Where conditions allow, we will continue the deployment of Smart Work, fostering flexibility in where employees work.

In parallel, we will seek to formalize our health and safety standards for remote work.

Continued development of our human capital is critical to PMI.

In 2022, we plan to revamp our approach to learning to ensure employees get clarity on the capabilities and skills that will both boost their employability and contribute to the success of PMI, and we will work to ensure they have access to training and education in these areas.

To that end, we will expand access to our lifelong learning program while seeking to strengthen it by developing tailored approaches to the varied needs within our workforce and offering more guidance and support to employees.

We will continue to foster sound employee and labor relations, maintaining an open dialogue and privileging the proactive involvement and participation of our employees and their representatives in these times of change.

Given the circumstances of the past two years, we found it necessary to revise our remote working arrangements.

Drawing on the experiences and changed expectations of employees during the pandemic, we developed a global plan in 2020 that adopted the concept of hybrid work (remote and office based).

Its philosophy and principles are global, with the general rule being that employees are permitted to work remotely up to 60 percent of the time, with the remainder of the workweek spent on site.

The program is deployed and adjusted locally to account for cultural, operational, tax, and legal implications, which vary at the national level.

In 2021, we continued to deploy Smart Work in markets where COVID 19 was receding and where local circumstances allowed it.

By year end, four markets had implemented it, and our intent is to launch it in most markets in 2022, subject to COVID 19 circumstances and restrictions.

Looking ahead, we plan to develop tailored arrangements for non office based employees, such as our factory and sales workforces.

Anchoring well being initiatives in local realities We have dedicated health and well being committees in 60 of our markets, and, in the majority of our markets, we have deployed well being related interventions and benefits, ranging from gym membership offerings to sports competitions, mental health related webinars, cooking classes, and other activities.

Since the pandemic outbreak in 2020, our primary focus has been on COVID 19 safety measures and psychological support, including encouraging employees to prioritize their well being.

For instance, our affiliate in Vietnam launched Vibe, a locally led well being initiative centered on helping employees connect via shared interests and encourage one another to look after their well being.

Meanwhile, in the U.K., our affiliate launched a network of well being ambassadors, composed of employees trained in mental health first aid.

They offer non judgmental listening and guidance to colleagues who are experiencing mental health issues and are not sure where to go for help.

We will continue to build on these initiatives by broadening the reach of our well being ambassadors and training them in mental health first aid, as the U.K. has done, and engaging employees in relevant local events led or initiated by their colleagues.

Protecting the physical and psychological safety and well being of our employees around the world is a priority for our company.

Just as we acted to keep our employees safe during the past two years of the global COVID 19 pandemic, we are now committed to protecting those employees affected by the war in Ukraine.

This commitment starts by helping our Ukrainian colleagues and their families move from the areas hardest hit by the fighting and reach safety then helping those who can cross the borders to do so, and supporting them outside the country in every way we can: financially, logistically, and providing for their needs such as healthcare, childcare, food, accommodation and onwards travel.

Our commitment extends to providing critical aid to those who cannot, or who choose not to, leave the country.

It also extends to providing continued salary payments to all Ukrainian colleagues, whether they are in Ukraine or not, whether they are working or not, and to providing a package of support measures for the mid to long term including salary payments, more stable accommodation, and additional financial, healthcare, childcare, legal and administrative support.

Our commitment and support to Ukrainian people is the commitment and support of our people, who have come together to collect funds, organize shipments of critical goods, offer their homes to host displaced families and provide psychological support to those in need.

At the same time, we are also doing everything we can to support our Russian colleagues, who have been affected by this situation as well.

We will not rest and we will not spare any efforts to help our colleagues affected by this horrible war.

Building on the learnings gathered throughout 2021, we will continue to strengthen and deploy our employee well being framework, with a focus globally on mental health.

We will also continue to address the stigma associated with mental health and pilot initiatives to improve awareness and help employees develop the skills and confidence to have conversations about it.

And we will continue rolling out our parental leave global guidelines, aiming to see them implemented in all markets by the end of 2022.

In 2022, we will set up an Inclusion Diversity Advisory Council to foster open and constructive dialogue that will inform the development and execution of an integrated I D strategy and monitor progress.

We expect this council to guide our company in establishing meaningful strategies to meet our commitments to enhancing diversity and promoting inclusion in particular, our new ambitions for 2025 related to gender balance in management and leadership, as well as an appropriate representation of nationalities within executive management teams.

Meanwhile, we plan to expand many initiatives piloted in 2021, such as our Women in Leadership program, resilience workshops, and our program to increase the representation of women in sales and in senior roles.

We also expect to celebrate the achievement of our 2022 target for female representation in managerial positions, and we are committed to fostering a gender balanced organization as we progress toward our 2025 targets.

Our activities in 2022 will also focus on raising awareness of the importance of psychological safety and a sense of belonging at work through events and campaigns.

We will also continue to expand our employee resource groups by supporting our markets in establishing local chapters.

Our supply chain connects us with millions of people, from the farmers cultivating tobacco and other agricultural products to workers at the supplier companies that provide the products and services used in our products or necessary to run our business.

Promoting and adhering to sustainable business practices helps safeguard human rights, improve labor conditions, protect workers’ health and safety, tackle social inequalities, and alleviate poverty.

Agricultural supply chains face specific sustainability and human rights challenges.

The tobacco we source is cultivated in many regions of the world, including low and middle income countries, where it is typically grown on smallholder farms.

The socioeconomic well being of farmers and their families depends on many factors, including the nation’s health and educational services, political stability, resilience to extreme weather events and conditions, access to markets, and public infrastructure.

Our supply chain activities and investments extend beyond our direct effect on farmers, impacting people’s assets, capabilities, opportunities, and standards of living.

As our business transforms, our supply chain evolves as well.

Promoting fair working and living conditions in our broader supply chain is therefore increasingly important.

Caring for the quality of life of the people in our supply chain is consistent with our business purpose and way of working and is a major predictor of our long term success.

We prioritize our agricultural supply chain because it is a critical component of our business, and we understand its vulnerability to poverty and labor abuses.

We prefer to work with farmers who make a decent living from growing tobacco, among other crops, or engage in other income generating activities because they are more likely to think long term and apply good agricultural practices such as paying farmworkers at least the minimum legal wage or agricultural benchmark and avoiding child labor, thus minimizing our risk of human rights violations, import bans, and reputational damage.

We anticipate that the time, energy, and resources we have invested in our Agricultural Labor Practices program will provide the insights needed to ensure similar standards are met throughout the rest of our supply chain as we continue on our transformation journey.

We seek to implement targeted initiatives that benefit the economies and societies in which we operate while mitigating reputational and operational risks in our working relationships.

Sound standards and practices to manage our supply chain sustainably (read more here) and safeguard human rights (read more here) are vital prerequisites to harnessing the connections in our supply chain to improve the quality of life of those involved.

A principal aim of PMI is to provide a decent livelihood to all contracted farmers in our tobacco supply chain.

This has been a focus since we introduced our Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP) program in 2011, supplemented by the ALP Step Change in 2018.

The mid and long term targets that we have committed to cover labor standards, income, work hours, health and safety, accommodation, and access to water, sanitation, and hygiene.

Our ALP Code, based on International Labour Organization (ILO) conventions and aligned with the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), sets the principles and measurable standards applicable to all the contracted farmers from whom we source tobacco.

The ALP program is supported by related policies, including our Good Agricultural Practices (GAP), Commitment to Human Rights, and Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP).

Our Leaf teams, tobacco suppliers, contracted farmers, and workers are regularly trained on the ALP Code.

Our integrated production system enables traceability at the farm level (read more here).

And we have a robust due diligence framework in place to evaluate the implementation of our ALP Code (read more in the box below).

Our due diligence framework to evaluate the implementation of our ALP Code comprises internal farm by farm monitoring by field technicians, external comprehensive and focused assessments by Control Union, and external verification by specialized third parties.

Internal monitoring: Field technicians collect and update individual farm profile data at the start of each growing season and visit the farms throughout the season to evaluate, among other things, how well labor practices align with the principles of the ALP Code.

These technicians raise prompt actions to flag and trigger an immediate response to any serious violation.

They also report nonconformities identifying risks before they have evolved into issues, which helps us proactively mitigate them.

Field technicians work with farmers to develop remediation plans to address prompt actions and nonconformities identified, and they then follow up on and monitor these plans.

If the matter is not resolved within the agreed timeline, it is further escalated and may lead to sanctions, which can include contract termination.

External assessments: Control Union (CU), an independent third party organization, evaluates the management system in place for ALP implementation, reviews prompt action protocols and procedures to identify, record, and address issues, and examines the internal capacity to implement the ALP program.

CU also evaluates labor practices at the farm level, assessing compliance with the ALP measurable standards.

Its reports are available on PMI.com, and CU performs focused assessments to evaluate the management systems in place relating to the Step Change priority areas, in addition to the broader farm level assessment.

External verification: Specialized third parties verify our understanding of progress on the ground, challenge our monitoring data, evaluate the effectiveness of our initiatives, and, ultimately, help us to better assess our impact.

We work with local expert partners in different geographies.

We use a risk based approach to identify, prevent, and mitigate incidents related to human rights and labor rights in our tobacco supply chain.

For this undertaking, we collaborate with key stakeholders such as suppliers, farmers and farmer associations, civil society organizations, academics, governments, and the private sector to more effectively tackle persistent and systemic issues in the agricultural sector.

Since 2018, we have deployed a Step Change approach to our ALP program focused on four priority areas: eliminating child labor, ensuring payment of at least a minimum legal wage or agricultural benchmark, ensuring the availability and appropriate use of personal protective equipment (PPE), and ensuring adequate accommodation for workers where farmers choose to provide housing.

Step Change aims to resolve the root causes of these persistent issues in priority countries which we assess periodically and is run in collaboration with our long term strategic partner on the ALP program, Verit .

Our governance arrangements guide and facilitate this work.

PMI’s Senior Vice President of Operations, a member of our Company Management, is accountable for our success in this area, while operational responsibility lies with the head of our Leaf department.

In each sourcing region, a management team oversees the implementation of ALP. A steering committee works closely with the dedicated local teams across our affiliates and suppliers.

Beyond tobacco, we will leverage the extensive learnings from the ALP program and our human rights impact assessments to proactively adapt to the specificities and challenges that derive from our electronics supply chain.

We will also explore pathways to promote a living wage across our supply chain.

We are at the early stage of this journey and are focused on building our understanding and identifying meaningful strategies to deploy in the years to come, grounded in our Commitment to Human Rights and Responsible Sourcing Principles.

We are committed to sourcing sustainably from all our critical suppliers (read more here) and conducting human rights impact assessments in our 10 highest risk markets by 2025 (read more here).

We will leverage the due diligence tools and learnings we have in place and seek meaningful ways to impact the significant number of workers involved in our global supply chain.

Transparency on both the challenges and successes of our ALP program is critical because it lets us hear feedback from stakeholders on how best to tackle systemic issues.

To that end, we publish regular updates, which we make available on PMI.com.

Our first quarter ALP Progress Update in 2021 focused on PPE and accommodation.

In 2021, we commemorated the 10th anniversary of our ALP program with a dedicated report (available here) in which we reflected on progress made, celebrated achievements, and recognized the challenges ahead.

As our company and supply chain continue to transform, we envision the next 10 years looking dramatically different from a sustainability and supply chain perspective.

During 2021, we maintained relentless efforts to deploy impactful initiatives across our tobacco supply chain and monitor adherence to our standards.

We also took steps toward achieving our broader ambition covering our extended supply chain.

Poverty leads to poor working and living conditions, including the use of child labor.

We are aiming to improve the livelihoods of the contracted farmers supplying tobacco to PMI, thereby advancing the socioeconomic development of the communities in which they live.

We see this as fundamental to addressing social inequality, as well as other issues in our tobacco supply chain, and our aim is for all the contracted farmers supplying tobacco to PMI to make a living income by 2025.

The living income value determines the net annual income required for a household to afford a decent standard of living for all its members.

We calculate it based on official benchmark studies, reference values, or internal desktop exercises.

In 2020, we tasked Social Accountability International (SAI) to conduct official living income benchmark studies in two sourcing markets Malawi and Pakistan in line with the Anker methodology.

Regrettably, COVID 19 restrictions delayed completion of the fieldwork and reporting.

It was therefore not until late 2021 that we received the final report for Pakistan and a draft report for Malawi.

In 2021, we also initiated official living income benchmark studies in four additional countries with SAI.

By year end, the initial engagement with the researchers and our regional teams and local suppliers had commenced in India, Mexico, and the Philippines.

The fourth study, in Brazil, will commence in 2022.

We expect all four studies to be completed and the final reports received during 2022.

In three other markets (Argentina, Mozambique, and Turkey), we use reference values conducted in previous years, which represent the typical or average living incomes for rural areas within each country.

In the remainder of our sourcing markets, we calculate the living income value based on an internal desktop analysis following the Anker methodology.

In parallel, we assess the income level of our contracted farmers in each sourcing market, including both on farm and off farm activities, net of production cost, and including remittances or other subsidies.

On farm activities include income generated from the sale of tobacco and the production of other crops and livestock, while off farm income comes from revenue generating activities outside the farm such as waged employment.

These analyses rely mostly on our internal farm by farm monitoring but may also incorporate third party studies by local partners such as those conducted in India and Mexico in 2021.

When designing comprehensive action plans, we aim to exceed the living income benchmark targets that are required to achieve a decent standard of living.

This affords a buffer to accommodate potential fluctuations in farmer incomes due to climatic shocks or volatility due to market dynamics.

We periodically review the living income benchmarks to account for annual inflationary increases and revise farmer income studies to consider market dynamics that may impact farmers’ overall income.

Robust analyses and studies to define living income values and assess current farmer incomes (and the potential gap between the two) across our sourcing markets form the backbone of our approach.

The insights captured in these studies allow us to track the proportion of contracted farmers making a living income.

This proportion increased significantly in 2021, reaching 67 percent (up from 48 percent in 2020), as a result of both important progress achieved in some focus markets like Argentina, Malawi, and Mozambique, as well as increased data availability in countries like Brazil, Greece, and Turkey.

Further, our analysis showed that our contracted farmers in several markets, including Brazil, Greece, Pakistan, and Turkey, already make a living income.

In other countries, such as Argentina, a significant proportion of them do so.

Based on the data, our studies confirmed the need to continue focusing our actions on four markets: Malawi, Mexico, Mozambique, and the Philippines.

Driven by the results of our assessments, we implement various initiatives to improve income levels.

While we tailor activities to local realities and needs, our overall strategy is universal: Firstly, we aim to improve tobacco crop productivity and competitiveness.

Secondly, we seek to support households in diversifying their sources of income.

Improving productivity Our first focus is on enhancing tobacco production and encouraging farm efficiency.

We support the farmers in maximizing efficiencies on their farms for example, by hiring only the labor required, making careful use of inputs such as fertilizer, and finding ways to increase yields per hectare.

The mechanization of certain steps of tobacco cultivation (such as field preparation) can maximize efficiencies by achieving labor savings and elevating yields.

In 2021, we continued to expand our mechanization program in Malawi and provide an opportunity for farmers to improve their productivity in tobacco.

A total of more than 1,600 smallholder farmers, covering nearly 2,900 hectares opted for mechanization services provided by 32 local entrepreneurs.

This mechanization initiative, in combination with other agricultural practices, generated a 10 percent increase in yields and the mechanized plowing itself has reduced by 37 percent the labor hours required for the land preparation of one hectare in Malawi.

Meanwhile in Mozambique, we initiated a mechanization pilot which we expect will cover 170 hectares.

In Argentina, the mechanization program continued in 2021 with the objective to improve farm productivity, mitigate potential risks associated with manual tasks, and contribute to soil conservation.

These services included soil preparation, transplanting, CPA spraying, and harvesting, with the predominant activity being soil preparation.

In the North West region of Argentina where flue cured tobacco is grown, the mechanization initiatives generated a 30 percent reduction in the overall labor hours needed for the various crop stages.

In the North East region, where our Burley farmers are located, mechanized farmers were able to reduce by more than 50 percent the labor requirements for land preparation and have achieved an 18 percent increase in yields in the last crop season compared with nonmechanized farmers.

In India, the focus of the mechanization program is to increase labor efficiency and, in 2021, we implemented multiple initiatives with varying coverage among the farmer base.

These initiatives included seeding machines, transplanters, cultivators combined with fertilizer applicator, suckercide applicators, and stringing machines.

The predominant initiative is combining cultivators with fertilizer applicators, with 69 machines to date covering over 2,200 hectares and more than 2,800 farmers.

In Pakistan, the focus of the mechanization program is to increase labor efficiency while mitigating potential risks associated with manual tasks.

The initiatives implemented so far include mechanical earthing up machines, mechanical transplanters, CPA applicators, and stringing machines.

The predominant initiatives are mechanical earthing up, where we have 109 machines, covering 3,600 hectares and around 2,500 farmers and stringing machines where we have 168 machines, covering 549 hectares and 262 farmers.

The results obtained showed us that, with the mechanical transplanter, farmers were able to gain 41 percent efficiency compared with manual transplanting, the earthing up tools increased efficiency by 82 percent versus the manual work, the suckercide applicator led to a 25 percent efficiency gain, and, finally, the stringing machine resulted in a 27 percent efficiency gain compared with the manual stick and tying, also contributing to a reduction of child labor incidents.

The link between poverty and inadequate access to water, sanitation, and hygiene (WASH) is well established.

We know, too, that enhancing WASH infrastructure can substantially improve the well being and livelihoods of community members.

To ensure all farmers within PMI’s footprint have basic access to water by 2025 and to sanitation and hygiene by 2030, we developed a framework guided by the Joint Monitoring Programme for Water Supply, Sanitation and Hygiene (JMP), established by the WHO and UNICEF.

In 2021, we collected global WASH data through farm by farm monitoring and surveys, applying JMP’s universal indicators.

This research has identified Argentina as an additional priority market for drinking water access (alongside Malawi and Mozambique), and an implementation plan has been developed focused on springs protection.

We also developed water quality guidelines, water availability guidelines, and an animated training video that explains the concepts and importance of WASH to our farmers.

Joint efforts with our suppliers on providing drinking water access in Malawi and Mozambique continued in 2021, with the drilling of 114 new handpump boreholes in Malawi, 55 in Mozambique, and the rehabilitation of 50 boreholes in Malawi and 50 boreholes in Mozambique.

Since many boreholes are nonfunctioning in Africa, rehabilitation is an essential part of our strategy.

Around the world, women participate in agriculture both as members of family farming households and as hired wage labor on farms owned and operated by other households or companies.

Many of the gender inequalities faced by women in general are exacerbated for women in agriculture.

Globally, less than 15 percent of agricultural land is owned by women,1 and women involved in tobacco farming often face structural and cultural barriers such as gender gaps in earnings, financial inclusion, access to credit, employment segmentation, lack of ownership of land and property, inadequate opportunities to receive training or technical support, and difficulty balancing domestic responsibilities.

Since the inception of our ALP program, gender equality and fair treatment have been incorporated as key principles in all the countries from which we source tobacco.

When we evolved the program to include a Step Change approach in 2018, we seized the opportunity to strengthen our contribution to gender equality, taking into consideration the instrumental role women play in improving household economic conditions and addressing child labor and other social challenges.

Consequently, PMI’s ALP program now deploys across our sourcing markets several initiatives focused on women empowerment.

These initiatives include, for instance, self help groups in India through which women help one another start microbusinesses, a women only ALP task force to perform monitoring in Pakistan, and entrepreneurship training and information on healthcare services for women farmers and their spouses in Argentina.

Supporting households in diversifying their income sources We also look at opportunities to implement other income generating activities.

Notably, the cultivation of complementary crops beyond tobacco can improve farm income while enhancing resilience against climate change and economic uncertainty.

In 2021, we estimate that around two thirds of our contracted farmers also grew crops other than tobacco.

For instance, during the year, we supported the establishment of microbusiness programs in Indonesia with 104 women beneficiaries to produce backyard crops such as herbs, spices, yams, and papaya.

Meanwhile, in Argentina and India (reaching 236 and 360 farmers, respectively) we expanded the production of okra, cluster bean, tomato, cowpea, and maize.

Additionally, in Pakistan, the initiatives to produce mushrooms and backyard vegetables were expanded to close to 600 farmers and around 2,400 farmers respectively.

Lastly, in Mozambique, we expanded the treadle pump and winter crop support project to an additional 1,760 farmers, bringing the total beneficiaries to date to over 3,000, with an estimated 600 hectares under treadle pump irrigation production.

The growth of our smoke free business intentionally results in a simultaneous decline of our cigarette business.

This translates into a gradual decrease in our overall demand for tobacco leaf.

Over the past five years, our demand for leaf fell 21 percent, from 370 million kilograms in 2016 down to approximately 291 million kilograms in 2021.

This resulted in a reduction in the volume of tobacco we purchase in some markets and the elimination of our sourcing activities in others.

Such change has an undeniable impact on contracted farmers, especially those whose primary source of income traditionally has derived from tobacco growing.

We are aiming to address and, to the extent we can, minimize the negative effects of this shift.

We do this through a dedicated assessment of the unique realities and contingencies that define each country or region where we source tobacco, building an understanding of the local ecosystem to tailor and implement sustainable solutions that can help farmers transition to sustainable alternative livelihoods where needed.

In some cases, farmers are not heavily reliant on tobacco production for their livelihoods, have the means to easily switch to other crops, or will continue to grow tobacco for other customers.

In other geographies, we provide additional support to help mitigate the negative impact of our reduced purchases (read, for instance, about our efforts in Colombia where we stopped purchasing tobacco in our 2020 Integrated Report).

More broadly, the initiatives we implement to help contracted farmers earn a living income support the elimination of farming inefficiencies.

They also promote practices such as mechanization and irrigation technologies that improve productivity of the tobacco crop and also help farmers diversify their production to other crops.

We expect these efforts to play an important role in minimizing the potential negative economic impacts on contracted farmers of our transformation and consequential reduction in demand for tobacco.

Our ALP Code principles are as follows: No child labor, fair income and work hours, no forced labor or human trafficking, a safe work environment, fair treatment, freedom of association, and terms of employment.

Likewise, when the government in the Philippines implemented restrictions in specific towns and villages due to a rise in COVID 19 cases, our leaf suppliers’ technicians conducted remote monitoring via mobile phones.

We are committed to continually strengthening our monitoring to improve our visibility of existing issues, take a more risk based approach, and more effectively address the issues identified.

In 2021, 2,530 field technicians contracted by either PMI or our leaf suppliers systematically monitored the implementation of the principles and measurable standards of ALP on 91 percent of all 253,813 contracted farms (2020: 93 percent).

The monitoring in 2021 continued to be impacted by COVID 19 restrictions in certain markets.

In Indonesia, where national restrictions limited their ability to physically visit farmers, field technicians made contact and conducted remote monitoring through mobile phones and digital applications.

Our 2021 ALP monitoring farm level data covers 20 out of the 21 countries from which we sourced in 2021 data set for Switzerland was not included.

For the first year, however, 100 percent of the Swiss farms were monitored by an independent company.

These farms were visited once during the season and the purpose of this visit was to validate the results obtained from a self assessment questionnaire completed by the farmers.

The overwhelming majority of our relationships with contracted farmers feature a shared commitment to continuous improvement in addressing social issues.

If a contracted farmer is noncompliant and fails to address gaps identified, we may end our business relationship with that farmer.

In 2021, 875 contracts were terminated due to ALP violations (2020: 1,794).

The decrease compared to 2020 is mainly attributable to Mozambique, where robust pre contracting due diligence has been put in place.

To further support compliance with our ALP Code, we consolidated training materials used on the ground.

After identifying training needs and best practices, we revamped these materials and, with the guidance of Verit , developed a learning framework applicable to ALP professionals and field technicians around the world.

This updated and standardized curriculum will ensure that suppliers and field technicians receive consistent guidance about their responsibilities, the principles and standards they are expected to uphold, and the skills needed to carry out their work.

The content has been updated to reflect the current state of the ALP program, including new priorities, and deliver refreshed reference materials, handouts, training tools, and other resources such as case studies, practical exercises, and knowledge tests.

The format allows the customization of content to meet the different training needs of diverse markets and learners.

In 2022, we plan to roll out the revamped materials through webinars following a train the trainer initiative with suppliers.

This first year of monitoring highlighted non conformities with our ALP Code that were extensively discussed with SOTA (cooperative responsible for the purchase of Swiss tobacco) and SwissTabac (Swiss tobacco farmers association) that contracts with the farmers.

According to Swiss Tobacco Tax legislation, the Swiss government can oblige companies making and selling cigarettes in Switzerland to purchase a certain amount of tobacco cultivated in the country.

In that regard, due to the uniqueness of the contractual relationship our company has through SOTA with SwissTabac and all of the Swiss tobacco farmers, our ability to enforce our agricultural labor practices is more limited, and so is our ability to influence our ALP Code’s full adoption.

This is because some of our ALP requirements (which align with ILO’s standards and definitions of child labor) are more stringent than Swiss law.

We remain, however, committed to continue promoting our ALP principles and furthering their implementation in Switzerland.

In 2021, field technicians reported a total of 9,918 prompt actions across all sourcing markets, of which 76 percent related to safe working environment issues, 11 percent to child labor incidents, and 13 percent to income and working hours.

In total, 86 percent of the prompt actions raised were resolved during the year, with the remaining 14 percent of prompt actions followed up yet not resolved, predominantly due to the timing of the crop stage.

In addition to internal monitoring, Control Union conducted external assessments in one market in 2021 (China).

The assessment scheduled in Indonesia was postponed to 2022 due to COVID 19 restrictions.

External verification by local third party organizations was undertaken in six markets.

Moreover, during the year, we actively collaborated with a peer company and our common tobacco leaf supplier to conduct a targeted human rights impact assessment in the tobacco supply chain in Turkey (read more here).

Across the countries from which we source tobacco, the most recurrent and difficult challenges relate to work performed by children, insufficient use of personal protective equipment, and payment of a minimum legal wage (or formalized agricultural benchmark) to farmworkers.

We have developed and are implementing action plans to address these recurrent issues in collaboration with key stakeholders, including our strategic partner Verit , local NGOs, and governments.

We maintain a relentless focus on preventing incidents of child labor and take immediate action when they arise.

Our objective is to eradicate child labor cases in our tobacco supply chain that are repetitive and systemic by 2025.

We acknowledge that isolated cases even when systemic occurrences are fully addressed might persist due to farmer turnover or unintentional misbehaviors, and we will remain alert and tackle them promptly when identified.

We use International Labour Organization standards to measure our progress toward our target of zero child labor.

Our traditional reporting approach centers on preventing children from performing hazardous tasks.

In 2020, we introduced a new methodology to include the employment of children under age 15 and children under 13 doing any tobacco related tasks.

This new methodology reinforces our risk based due diligence processes as it improves visibility and granularity on child labor across our sourcing markets.

Results over the past two years show a decline in the prevalence of child labor among our contracted farms, from 3.5 percent in 2020 to 1.8 percent in 2021.

This decrease is mainly attributed to Argentina, Mexico, Mozambique, and Turkey, where we observed the positive impact of years of implementation of the ALP Program.

We are, however, cautious of this positive trend, as in 2021, the COVID 19 pandemic continued to impact our initiatives and child labor remediation actions.

Further, we acknowledge the limitations of our monitoring system, as well as the complex and persistent nature of child labor.

Nonetheless, our field technicians continued to conduct farm by farm monitoring where possible and to support farmers in addressing and remedying child labor risks and incidents.

Self declared nonconformities: These are risks identified before they become issues.

We identify nonconformities by reinforcing our risk based approach in our farm by farm monitoring to strengthen procedures and techniques to better identify risks.

These are identified through interviews with or direct observations from the farmer and workers on a farm or their direct observations brought to the attention of field technicians.

Their reporting helps us flag risks and proactively mitigate them.

Consolidated reporting: This means reporting child labor incidences raised as prompt actions by field technicians by aggregating them per type (children under 18 doing hazardous tasks, children under 15 hired, and children under 13 doing any tobacco related task).

Based on these enhancements, we calculate child labor prevalence using the prompt actions and the newly introduced self declared nonconformities reported during the farm by farm monitoring, covering all types of child labor, and with respective weighting factors of 100% (prompt actions) and 50% (self declared nonconformities).

We conduct this exercise for every sourcing market, and the global prevalence is a weighted average based on the number of farmers.

Additionally, for priority markets, the methodology supplements the internal monitoring data with data collected through third party verifications.

The objective is to achieve higher accuracy in our global and per country child labor prevalence by integrating learnings from these assessments (including issues raised) into our calculation.

This comprehensive approach acknowledges the limitations of our internal monitoring system: The field technicians are only present on the farms for a limited time during the growing season, and the issues we face are complex and often persistent.

During 2021, field technicians monitored 98 percent of contracted farms for child labor related issues and recorded a total of 1,175 prompt actions (2020: 99 percent 2,352 prompt actions).

Of those, 1,121 cases involved children performing hazardous tasks (2020: 2,285), 16 related to children under 15 hired (2020: three), and 38 pertained to children under 13 performing light work (2020: 64).

In total, these prompt actions involved 1,609 children, with 93 percent of them being the farmers’ children.

The most common tasks field technicians found the children doing were harvesting or handling green tobacco and stringing.

A significant proportion of this reduction comes from Turkey, which can be mainly attributed to a change in sourcing footprint versus 2020.

Of all child labor related prompt actions recorded in 2021, 99 percent were resolved, and the remaining 1 percent had monitored action plans in place.

Field technicians further support our efforts to remediate prompt actions and eradicate child labor by raising awareness and offering training, promoting school access and attendance, conducting vocational training, and supporting initiatives to improve household income levels.

See our ALP 10 year anniversary report published in 2021 for examples of projects we support on the ground to help eradicate child labor in our tobacco supply chain.

In many geographies, the findings of external assessments related to child labor are reasonably well aligned with our internal monitoring data, which show continued improvement in our visibility on the ground and the accuracy of our internal data.

We remain focused on further strengthening our controls, for example by increasing the number of unannounced visits and improving the training of field technicians on monitoring techniques.

Our colleagues in Argentina, who are actively engaged in our Porvenir program, acted fast when COVID 19 entered their market.

The aim was to ensure that the most vulnerable farmer families and their children continued having access to education by creating a nexus between families and rural schools.

Historically, the Porvenir program in Misiones based its strategy on access to education and alternative spaces to keep the children away from child labor risks.

Some of the main interventions were after school activities, workshops, and leisure events in community spaces.

COVID 19 restrictions led to school closures and social meetings prohibition, affecting the program’s normal execution.

Massalin Particulares and Conciencia Association acknowledged that this situation, if not addressed properly, could lead to an increase of child labor risk.

This is when the family accompaniment was created, reaching more than 800 families and 1,600 children during 2020 and 2021.

The benefited families from El Soberbio, San Vicente, and San Pedro received bi weekly visits from a liaison to ensure children were regularly receiving and doing school homework and making progress toward the academic year.

The approach was designed to target not only the kids but also their parents since they play a key role in mitigating and preventing child labor within the tobacco farm.

The results of the family accompaniment program were very encouraging, with 80 percent of children at school age who continued schooling, 20 percent of unschooled children who resumed their studies, and zero child labor cases identified.

In line with PMI’s ALP Code, we require farmers to provide a safe workplace to prevent accidents and injury and minimize health risks.

In 2021, field technicians recorded a total of 7,514 prompt actions related to unsafe working environments (2020: 10,816).

Around 58 percent of these prompt actions related to handling green tobacco and applying crop protection agents (CPA) without the proper PPE, 17 percent related to incorrect storage of CPA containers, and 15 percent related to working at height without protection.

The key focus areas remain to address the nonusage of PPE when handling green tobacco and incorrect storage of CPA containers, whereas a new area of risk has been identified: working at height.

In all cases, targeted training will be delivered.

During the year, we focused on maintaining access to appropriate PPE for all our contracted farmers and farmworkers.

In addition to being available, PPE needs to be appropriately used.

Understanding the hazards related to certain tobacco tasks and encouraging behavior change is key to safeguarding the health and safety of those involved.

Meanwhile, we also monitored the provision of safe and adequate accommodation by farmers to workers, when relevant (in 2021, around 5 percent of our contracted farmers provided accommodation to workers).

Further, we rolled out a reinforced set of global minimum accommodation standards (including relevant WASH requirements) across all sourcing markets to bring better sophistication and consistency and further enhance the living and working conditions of farmworkers.

Around 5 percent of prompt actions raised within the unsafe working environment in 2021 were related to the new accommodation standards with all of them addressed within the same crop season, with the exception of three prompt actions.

In a typical crop season, approximately 33 percent of contracted farmers supplying PMI or our suppliers hire workers.

Income earned by farmworkers during a pay period or growing season should be enough to meet their basic needs.

Our ALP Code requires that the wages of all workers (including temporary, piece rate, seasonal, and migrant workers) meet at a minimum the national legal standard or formalized agricultural benchmark standard.

In 2021, we monitored the wages of 91 percent of our contracted tobacco farmers and found that 95 percent of farmworkers were paid at least the minimum wage (2020: 65 percent).

Field technicians recorded a total of 1,154 prompt actions related to farmers paying less than the minimum wage to their workers (2020: 1,541).

The data reflects significant progress due to an increased focus on minimum wage payment, along with relevant controls implemented during pre contracting due diligence and the delivery of targeted training.

Further, year on year change was also driven by improved data quality and availability, allowing enhanced measurement.

While encouraged by the progress made so far, we know that wage related challenges relate not only to substandard payment but also to informal terms of employment, inconsistency between supply and demand of labor, and workers’ lack of knowledge about their rights.

In the past, a challenge we faced in some countries related to the lack of an applicable legal minimum wage, such as in Indonesia, or formalized agricultural benchmark, such as in Argentina.

In 2021, following extensive stakeholder engagement or introduction of new legislation, the minimum wage rates have been set and we are monitoring and reporting against those.

Our two most challenging geographies regarding minimum wage payments are Turkey (read more in this case study) and India (see below).

The issue of minimum wage payment in agriculture in India is complex and widespread across the country.

In Vinukonda, the tobacco growing area falls across three different zones where each of the local governments set their legal minimum wage, which is updated twice per year.

Minimum wage varies by tasks for all crops, resulting in some activities requiring higher wages than others.

Based on engagement with stakeholders, farmers follow unofficial benchmarks agreed at the village level before the crop season starts and may not align with the government legislation on minimum wage rates.

In addition, these unofficial benchmarks may vary due to supply and demand for workers during the key crop stages and payment to women workers is typically lower compared to men.

Given the different wages paid to men and women workers and the fluctuating unofficial benchmarks, PMI together with our local suppliers considered it necessary to monitor the payment of wages throughout the various tobacco stages.

The monitoring is based on key data collected, including the number of hired men and women workers, actual wages paid, and the number of hours they work, among others.

Based on these data points, a weighted average of the combined tasks performed during the crop season per farm is applied to determine if the farmer is paying the legal minimum wage.

This methodology is conducted on a representative sample within the relevant zones with the results extrapolated to the total farmer base.

In order to proactively address payment gaps, we have implemented two initiatives.

Firstly, we are rolling out mechanization for labor intensive tasks such as transplanting, inter cultivation, and stitching of harvested leaves, which aims to improve efficiencies on the farm.

Secondly, we are piloting the payment support to workers, aiming to bridge the gap between the actual average wage and the legal minimum wage by directly providing payment support to eligible workers at the end of the tobacco season.

The impact of these initiatives will be assessed during its implementation and continuously monitored throughout 2022.

Depending on the results, we will explore further expansion of these initiatives.

With regard to our non electronics supply base, we successfully transitioned our supplier due diligence program to EcoVadis, the leading global provider of online ESG supplier assessments.

This shift significantly strengthens our approach by allowing us to access a vast number of ESG scorecards commissioned by EcoVadis users.

In addition to providing fact based and detailed supplier evaluations, these assessments let us see improvement programs undertaken.

The assessments are available on the EcoVadis digital platform, which allows seamless sharing among all supplier and customer participants, creating an effective collaboration ecosystem.

In 2021, our critical suppliers of direct materials assessed in EcoVadis achieved an average social score of 56 (out of a maximum score of 100).

This first year of assessment will provide us the basis for deeper analysis, in order to develop targeted programs in the coming years.

Meanwhile, our broad and in depth human rights impact assessments which we aim to conduct in our 10 highest risk markets by 2025 provide us with granular insights into social challenges along our value chain.

We aim to leverage our experience in our tobacco supply chain to promote high labor standards and advance the socioeconomic well being of workers across our broader supply chain.

Our Responsible Sourcing Principles set out ambitions and expectations for our suppliers, including human and labor rights considerations.

We monitor adherence to the RSP and the sustainability performance of our critical suppliers through tailored due diligence instruments, including the EcoVadis platform for our direct materials suppliers and the Validated Assessment Program (VAP) of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) for our electronics suppliers (read more here).

In 2021, we joined RBA, the electronics industry initiative for sustainable supply chains.

During our first year of membership, we were able to use RBA’s best in class methodologies and tools, including on site audit reports shared among members, to significantly enhance the evaluation and performance of our suppliers.

The RBA Validated Assessment Program is a leading standard for on site compliance verification and effective, shareable audits.

Data gathered through the VAP in 2021 highlighted a strong performance by our suppliers (our suppliers’ average initial VAP audit score was 160 out of 200, compared with an RBA average of 127), as well as scope for continuous improvement.

Identified areas for improvement included working hours, one day off every seven days, and emergency preparedness all issues common to the electronics industry.

In addition to setting up suppliers’ improvement plans, we introduced RBA online training to electronics suppliers to enhance their awareness and understanding of best practices and provide new approaches and tools to drive performance improvement.

To further build our understanding, we worked with Article One to conduct a human rights risks saliency mapping focused on our electronics supply chain (read more here).

Article One’s findings and recommendations further support the strategic relevance of our RBA membership.

Over the past ten years we have gained valuable expertise in tackling social challenges in our tobacco supply chain and understand the power of building lasting capabilities and fair remuneration to address many inequalities.

As our company continues to transform, so does our supply chain and with this come new challenges and opportunities.

During 2022, we will craft a strategy that can comprehensively address this new context, including the specific challenges of the electronic supply chain that are still somewhat new to our industry.

Building on a wealth of experience that we have acquired by working over many years and across multiple geographies on living income programs, we will seek to expand our impact more broadly in our supply chain.

We are aware that this will require strong engagement with our suppliers, with our business partners, with others in the private sector as well as strong collaboration with specialized organizations, academics, and governments.

With better visibility of the issues we are trying to solve, with quality data and with robust partnerships, we will be able to develop a social sustainability strategy in our value chain that is leading and innovative, and that supports the very purpose of our company transformation.

In summary, we will work to make sure that our transformation, strategy, and plans are viable, sustainable, and create systemic net positive impact.

Our aspiration is to ensure that farmers and other workers in our supply chain enjoy a decent standard of living.

The challenges we face as we work to establish a concrete strategy include lack of transparency related to policies, practices, and concrete data on issues related to living wage.

Nevertheless, we are determined to build a robust strategy that can pave the way to access meaningful information with which we will be able to craft engagement plans and programs that are able to respond to the pressing need of expanding our ambitions to impact and improve the quality of life of people in our supply chain.

In 2022, we will also update our Commitment to Human Rights and upgrade our Responsible Sourcing Principles to integrate new trends, external requirements, our latest sustainability materiality assessment, and refreshed corporate priorities.

Diversity and inclusion together with equitable livelihoods will be among the new areas of focus.

Our intention is to champion the adoption of living income and high labor standards in the tobacco supply chain and we will continue developing and implementing sound programs that can do that.

We will also continue to closely monitor labor practices and address incidents raised, with a view to eradicating systemic child labor by 2025.

A key focus in 2022 will be to continue promoting the payment of at least the minimum legal wage to farmworkers and ensure basic access to water to contracted farmers.

We will keep seeking ways to strengthen our monitoring and remediation systems and plan to conduct external verification in priority markets.

In 2022, we plan to strengthen our approach by covering the full life cycle of tobacco production, including both the field and processing stages, and focusing on the tobacco we purchase and use in our products.

We expect this enhanced approach to generate positive impact by influencing our partners who operate in tobacco growing countries to accelerate actions and sustainably address ESG challenges.

We will continue monitoring and having visibility on the wider tobacco farming communities, collecting the insights needed to continue supporting farmers through tailored initiatives, strengthening remediation programs for the issues identified, and ultimately contributing to the improvement of farmers’ livelihoods.

Climate change is among the greatest threats to society.

There is broad scientific consensus about the urgency of setting more ambitious emission reduction targets to limit the rise in the global temperature to 1.5 degrees Celsius above preindustrial levels.

These commitments now need to translate into concrete actions that support and are fully aligned with the Paris Climate Agreement.

The climate crisis, as acknowledged by the international community, threatens all livelihoods, but especially those who are most vulnerable, exacerbating inequalities.

It impacts human rights, biodiversity, water access, global health, and food security and exacerbates environmental changes such as ecosystem degradation, drought, flooding, and desertification.

While science tells us that climate change is irrefutable and unavoidable, it also tells us that it is not too late to limit global warming to the 1.5 degrees Celsius threshold that is considered the limit beyond which climate impacts will be catastrophic.

Achieving this goal will require fundamental transformations of critical aspects of society including how we grow food crops, use land, transport goods, and power our economies.

The great challenge of our times is to find a way to effectively align the public and private sectors to take critical action and put aside existing siloed approaches and objectives.

For a business like ours with a diversified agricultural supply chain sensitive to climate changes abrupt climate variations can have a profound impact on the secure supply of our raw materials.

It may also threaten facilities and operations, transportation, and distribution chains, as well as access to power networks and water.

Beyond endangering physical infrastructure and supply chains, the impacts of climate change and its effects on biodiversity loss and water insecurity among others undermine progress and business growth by exacerbating systems level disruptions for customers, investors, employees, and communities.

Against this backdrop, it is essential for us to strengthen our mitigation efforts and our resilience to climate impacts.

This includes reducing our greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions, thereby increasing efficiency and energy savings, which in turn results in fewer inputs used over outputs and better profitability.

It also means taking steps to apply innovative low carbon technologies, which require higher investments upfront but offer meaningful emissions reductions and payback over the medium to long term.

It is also key for us to voice support for effective national and global climate policies, which inject more certainty into short and long term planning and investment and position us to better anticipate regulatory risks and seize economic opportunities.

Our climate strategy aims to address pertinent climate change risks and build resilience while seizing opportunities presented by a low carbon future.

To deliver on our climate ambition, we rely on robust carbon footprint accounting, analysis of climate change related risks and opportunities, ambitious mitigation targets, clear management and governance structures, and key enablers such as our internal carbon pricing.

We accelerated our decarbonization ambitions in 2021.

We now aim to achieve carbon neutrality in our operations (scope 1 2) by 2025 and net zero emissions across our entire value chain (scope 1 2 3) by 2040.

To deliver on those ambitious goals, we prioritize reducing absolute carbon emissions.

We do so by optimizing efficiency and reducing consumption while minimizing the use of fossil fuels and promoting the switch to renewable energy (by procuring green electricity and installing technology to self produce or store green energy).

Our work to reduce absolute emissions is guided by science based targets aligned with a scenario of an increase in global temperatures of no more than 1.5 degrees Celsius above pre industrial levels.

Our targets, approved by the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi), commit us to reducing our absolute scope 1 2 GHG emissions by 50 percent by 2030 versus our 2019 baseline, and to reducing our absolute scope 3 GHG emissions by 50 percent within the same timeframe.

Moreover, our commitment to net zero emissions (scope 1 2 3) by 2040 is undergoing validation by SBTi at the time of writing this report.

Once we have maximized our emissions reductions, we compensate for the remaining unavoidable emissions.

We prioritize insetting projects in our supply chain when possible and purchase certified carbon credits when needed.

Our portfolio of climate investments brings both standardization and sophistication to our approach to compensation.

Our decarbonization efforts cover our entire value chain, which extends from the supply of tobacco and other materials to the production, packaging, commercialization, use, and end of life stage of our products.

Guided by our GHG footprint model, we have specific mid term targets and strategies in place that account for our most significant impacts on climate.

We use internal carbon pricing to incentivize and drive reductions in GHG emissions.

We implement a shadow price to internalize environmental costs and factor them into investment decisions.

And we use an internal carbon levy as an incentive to reduce GHG emissions and a way to generate funding for solutions to compensate for unavoidable emissions.

Several corporate policies guide our approach to decarbonizing our operations and value chain.

The reduction of energy consumption and carbon emissions is embedded in our Environmental Commitment, our Guidebook for Success (PMI’s code of conduct), our Responsible Sourcing Principles, and our Good Agricultural Practices program.

Our Zero Deforestation Manifesto covers our sustainable forestry management, which contributes to climate regulation and carbon sequestration.

Further, our Sustainable Design Framework guides the integration of eco design and circularity principles and efforts to minimize the carbon footprint of our smoke free products.

These policies are complemented by internal Principles Practices and operational standards, such as our Global Fleet policy.

We periodically conduct a climate change risks and opportunities assessment across our value chain.

The findings inform PMI’s overall risk management approach and help us to better integrate climate related issues into our overall risk mitigation response and decision making processes.

This work aligns with international expectations such as those of the Paris Agreement to mitigate and adapt to climate impacts, as well as the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD).

Our governance and management systems help ensure that climate related risks and opportunities are considered in relevant decision making processes (read more about our governance arrangements here).

Our Senior Vice President, Operations, a member of Company Management, is tasked with addressing climate change risks across all company activities.

He monitors and reviews progress against objectives, strategies, and action plans related to climate change and reports findings to the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and the Audit Committee of PMI’s Board of Directors.

The SVP, Operations also ensures that risk assessment and management of issues related to climate change are integrated into long term plans, objectives, budgets, and performance review processes.

From an operational standpoint, our Operations, Combustible Category, Smoke free Category, and Finance functions coordinate the company’s climate change related activities.

Our Low Carbon Transition Plan (LCTP), published in October 2021, provides a transparent and detailed view of how we plan to achieve our climate ambitions, how we will measure success, and how we will report on progress.

It describes the various tools and enablers including our approach to carbon pricing, our portfolio of climate investments, and our governance and management arrangements that will help us deliver on our climate targets.

We believe that transparency drives action, accountability, and change.

By openly sharing our objectives and methodologies in our LCTP, we seek to accelerate the achievement of our ambitious net zero and low carbon targets and commitments (see an overview of our timeline here).

We incentivize relevant employees through monetary rewards or other forms of recognition for the successful implementation of climate related initiatives (read more about our executive compensation here) and seek to raise awareness among our entire workforce of climate change impacts through regular internal communications and training.

Moreover, our selection criteria take into consideration the transparency of the suppliers of direct materials in disclosing their emissions factors and demonstrating significant carbon intensity reductions.

The urgent and monumental task of combating climate change cannot be accomplished by solo operators it requires the input and collaboration of partners across the public and private sectors.

PMI collaborates with, supports, participates in, and is a member of sustainability related initiatives and organizations that harness the power of collaboration to implement solutions at scale.

Among other collaborations, we participate in three World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) working groups: Climate Smart Agriculture (Scaling Positive Agriculture), Nature Action, and the Forest Solutions Group.

We are also a signatory to the Business Ambition for 1.

Moreover, in 2021, we publicly declared our support for the TCFD and its recommendations.

Our affiliates also belong to national business associations that are engaging with governments to advance progress on climate protection at the local level.

The robustness of our commitments is reflected in our achievement of an A score in each of the past eight years on CDP’s climate change disclosure a recognition of PMI’s action to combat climate change and transparently report on its activities.

As a major multinational corporation with many stakeholders around the world, we are increasing the pace of our initiatives to mitigate climate impacts through emissions reduction measures and bolstering our business’s resilience.

Accurate measurement and transparent reporting of our carbon footprint help us to shape our strategy, set targets, and measure progress.

We calculate our GHG footprint annually, following guidance from the Greenhouse Gas Protocol and accounting for all emissions generated across our value chain (read about how we calculate our GHG emissions here).

While we consider it vital to improve the environmental performance of our direct operations (including our factories, offices, and fleet), most of our carbon footprint is generated in scope 3 of our value chain.

Consequently, working collectively with tobacco growers, suppliers, retailers, NGOs, local communities, and governments is crucial to attaining our environmental goals.

Our upstream emissions represented 85.9 percent of our total GHG footprint in 2021.

Sources of these emissions included curing and fertilization in our tobacco supply chain, the acquisition and transport of materials used in the manufacture of our products, the procurement of indirect materials and services necessary to run our business activities, third party disposal and treatment of waste, and business travel and employee commuting, among others.

Downstream, emissions generated by the transport and distribution, use, and end of life management of our products represented 5.1 percent of our total footprint in 2021.

Emissions related to the use and end of life management of our products are slowly but steadily decreasing, mainly due to improvements in our heated tobacco units and device design (read more here).

Overall, in 2021, our emissions decreased in absolute terms by 1.7 percent across our value chain versus 2020, amounting to a total reduction of 84,000 tons of CO2e.

More specifically, we achieved an absolute reduction in scope 1 emissions of 4.3 percent, in scope 2 of 28.9 percent, and in scope 3 of 1.2 percent versus 2020.

Presentation of information aligns with guidance of the Greenhouse Gas Protocol.

Our sites and fleet are the parts of our value chain over which we have the greatest control.

To achieve our ambition of carbon neutrality in our direct operations by 2025, we combine good management practices with strategic energy related investments.

We invest in optimizing energy and process efficiencies and replacing fossil fuel based energy with renewable sources.

We compensate for our absolute carbon emissions as a last resort once we have maximized our emissions reduction.

Reducing carbon emissions in our manufacturing sites relies first and foremost on promoting efficient energy use.

We achieve this through our Drive 4 Zero program, which establishes a common way of working across our factories, advances a zero loss mindset, and empowers employees to identify and implement improvements.

In addition to enhancing energy efficiency, this program offers environmental benefits such as reduced water consumption and waste.

With regard to energy use, the program triggered more than 200 projects worldwide in 2021, including, for example, the optimization of compressed air, steam, and cooling systems, heat recovery projects, LED lighting, and electric motor replacement.

We also look at opportunities to leverage technology to deliver significant carbon savings.

For instance, in 2021, we deployed across all our manufacturing sites a new learning algorithm that allowed us to upgrade our ventilation and air conditioning system, decreasing the energy required to release the same humidity and temperature factory conditions by around 20 percent.

In parallel, we are continuing our gradual switch to renewable energy sources.

We implement technologies to generate renewable energy, such as photovoltaic panels, biomass boilers and heat pumps, and tri generation processes (combining cooling, heat, and power).

For example, in our factory in Switzerland, the pyrolysis technology installed in 2020 allowed us to use operational waste instead of fossil fuels to produce steam and hot water we are currently fine tuning our pyrolysis setup, which is expected to deliver significant carbon reductions in the years to come.

Meanwhile, in Portugal, we completed the installation of a solar carport at our Tabaqueira factory, which we expect will reduce carbon emissions by up to 828 tons per year.

Worldwide, 7 percent of the energy used in our factories in 2021 was self generated by innovative technologies (2020: 2 percent).

To increase this proportion, we developed an internal tool during 2021 that creates a portfolio of zero carbon technologies and assesses them against specific risks and attributes.

This tool will help us select and implement the most impactful solutions across our manufacturing sites.

We are also considering the establishment of direct power purchase agreements with large scale solar, wind, hydro, and geothermal installations and small scale hydropower schemes.

In 2021, 81 percent of the electricity used in our factories came from renewable sources (up from 78 percent in 2020), and we are on track to achieve our target of 100 percent by 2025.

Our efforts to enhance efficiency and switch to renewables offset the increased energy required to produce our smoke free product consumables compared with cigarettes (the extra energy required is mainly due to the additional steam needed in the manufacturing process).

Indeed, our efforts in 2021 led to an overall reduction of around 12 percent in our absolute GHG emissions in our factories versus 2020, approximately half of it driven by our efficiency initiatives and the remaining half by our switch to renewable energy sources.

During the year, we certified three additional sites in the Czech Republic, Mexico, and Portugal as carbon neutral, bringing the total to five factories certified to date.

We are well on track to certify all our manufacturing sites by the end of 2025.

Our fleet of nearly 22,000 vehicles registered over 380 million kilometers driven in 2021.

Most (80 percent) of our fleet vehicles are working tool vehicles, used primarily to visit point of sale locations and distribute our products, with the rest being benefit cars.

Following the development of our carbon neutrality strategy for our fleet in 2020 and the strengthening of our organizational capabilities with the setup of our fleet center of expertise, we instituted a new Global Vehicle Fleet policy early in 2021.

This policy frames our fleet strategy and moves us to a more centralized operating model to help ensure that every PMI affiliate contributes to our global goal of becoming carbon neutral (scope 1 2) by 2025.

To reduce carbon emissions in our fleet, we invest in sustainable powertrains and effective driving to optimize energy consumption while improving operational efficiency.

During 2021, we selected more environmentally friendly powertrains such as hybrid and electric vehicles to guide the renewal of our fleet.

We anticipate these new vehicles will emit 40 percent less carbon emissions than the models they replaced.

Since rolling out our policy, more than 40 percent of approved models are powered by sustainable alternatives this includes all of the newly approved models in the major markets of Australia, Canada, Europe, and New Zealand.

We will remain focused on retiring our most polluting cars subject to the availability of appropriate infrastructure, legislation, and technological innovation.

By the end of 2021, vehicles with sustainable powertrains (electric or hybrid) represented 10 percent of our fleet globally (2020: 5 percent).

We leverage eco training and telematics to improve driver behavior and further engage employees in our sustainability agenda.

By the end of 2021, one third of company drivers were enrolled in the first year of our fleet safety e learning program, which incorporates eco driving modules.

We expect all drivers to enroll by the end of 2023.

Of the group offered this training, 70 percent participated in the course.

We anticipate the participation rate will climb to 85 percent in 2022.

Nearly half (47 percent) of our working tool cars are equipped with telematics a technology that provides the driver and company with data on driving behaviors to improve road safety and decrease carbon emissions (2020: 35 percent).

We have offices and warehouses in more than 80 countries worldwide, most of which we lease rather than own.

Together, they accounted for 1 percent of our total carbon footprint in 2021.

During the year, we continued to gain visibility into energy use at those sites and prepared action plans to optimize energy consumption and promote the switch to renewable sources.

We strengthened our capabilities to collect accurate environmental data for all our offices and warehouses, up from a third of them in 2020, extending accurate data collection to over 400 locations worldwide.

And we continued to define minimum energy efficiency expectations for office equipment in the markets where we have initially targeted carbon neutrality.

We plan to extend these expectations to additional markets by the end of 2022.

Overall, carbon emissions from our offices and warehouses decreased by 46 percent versus the 2019 baseline, continuing the positive trend from 2020.

This is due, in part, to awareness campaigns, more accurate internal emissions reporting, and reduced office use due to COVID 19 restrictions and precautions.

Assigning a price and hence a theoretical cost to emissions makes the intangible tangible and further incentivizes action to reduce the emissions that contribute to global warming.

PMI reviewed its carbon pricing policy in 2020 and took a pioneering approach by developing two complementary internal carbon pricing instruments: a shadow price of USD 65 per ton of CO2e and a carbon levy of USD 8 per ton of CO2e.

Our shadow carbon price is integrated into the preparation and financial evaluation of business proposals that will impact our carbon emissions.

This was instrumental in helping justify the approval of eight carbon emission reduction projects in 2021.

While the shadow price helps prioritize the business case for investments in activities aimed at structurally reducing carbon emissions, our carbon levy helps determine the investments required to abate our emissions through offsetting or insetting initiatives.

The levy is designed to internalize costs and support behavioral change by imposing a virtual internal tax on selected business units for their GHG emissions.

This helps us determine a budget for a portfolio of climate investments dedicated to projects focused on nature based solutions and community investments in markets relevant to PMI’s supply chain and to our global environmental strategy.

These projects aim to generate high quality carbon insets with co benefits such as biodiversity protection, water stewardship, and livelihoods development.

We revise our shadow price and carbon levy annually to reflect changes in our risk and emissions profiles.

In 2021, we created a Portfolio of Climate Investments (PCI) to standardize and provide transparency on our approach to investments in offsets and insets.

Such investments compensate for unavoidable carbon emissions related to our direct operations and are essential to achieving our 2025 carbon neutrality goal.

To ensure management’s endorsement and alignment with the mid term strategy of the company, the PCI is supervised by an advisory committee composed of cross functional PMI senior leaders (including our Chief Sustainability Officer and SVP, Operations, among others).

The committee revises and validates the proposals prepared by the project team and approves the allocation of resources to the proposed climate solutions through an investment strategy that leverages the budget generated by PMI’s carbon levy scheme.

To support decarbonization efforts, PMI believes that limiting the use of market approaches (offsetting) in the short term by prioritizing direct investment in our supply chain in the medium and long term (insetting) will result in a climate investment strategy that is cost effective, transparent, consistent, and of high quality.

We expect a higher annual budget in the first years of running the PCI, in line with PMI’s business emissions profile, to support investments in a long term climate solution.

The financial requirements of PMI’s PCI are expected to decrease once medium and long term scope 1 2 carbon reduction investments become operational and generate emissions reductions or removals.

We also anticipate a decrease in the levy budget as our emissions profile shrinks.

Where additional funding will be required for specific investments (e.g., unlocking innovative climate solutions and R D), the advisory committee that governs the PCI will decide on approval.

A set of mechanisms and rules the PCI quality criteria allows PMI to efficiently evaluate which climate solutions are most appropriate to pursue.

Core carbon principles and additional attributes strongly support the development of nature based solutions in PMI’s supply chain that generate benefits beyond carbon reduction or removal, such as ecosystem conservation and enhancement and positive impacts on local communities.

To assess whether an investment will meet our quality criteria and generate a positive impact, we employ an external due diligence process managed with a proprietary methodology developed with PMI’s carbon finance adviser Clarmondial.

This methodology considers GHG mitigation, biodiversity conservation, and community benefits.

Clarmondial also supported PMI in establishing relationships that can support the company’s long term climate, community, and nature related targets in priority countries.

In 2021, PMI’s PCI invested over USD 4 million in projects in Brazil, Laos, Malawi, Mozambique, and Uganda, with a focus on forest protection, reforestation, and the enhancement of quality of life through activities such as the provision of clean water access.

Moreover, the PCI focused on securing high quality offsets to support PMI’s decarbonization journey, and provided the required carbon offsets for the five manufacturing sites that achieved carbon neutrality certification during the calendar year.

Technology solutions Produce innovative solutions for our manufacturing sites and portfolio of products (e.g., biochar from waste, carbon negative plastic).

Our tobacco supply chain represented around 20 percent of our total carbon footprint in 2021, with emissions generated mainly by the use of fertilizers, the process of curing tobacco, and mechanization.

In line with PMI’s 2040 net zero ambition and our 2030 science based target trajectory, we are committed to achieving an absolute reduction in carbon emissions in our tobacco supply chain of 35 percent by 2025 and 50 percent by 2030 versus our 2019 baseline.

To deliver on these targets, we continue deploying efforts to decarbonize the tobacco curing process while implementing additional reduction initiatives focused on the use of fertilizer and mechanization.

We mainly source three types of tobacco: Virginia, Burley, and Oriental.

While Burley and Oriental tobaccos, once harvested, are air and sun cured to dry out the leaves, Virginia tobacco (which represents close to half of our purchased volume and is sourced across 12 markets) is generally cured using an external heat source a process called flue curing.

Curing barns can be heated with coal, diesel, natural gas, firewood, or biofuels containing agricultural or wood sawing by products.

The GHG emissions of flue cured tobacco represented 4 percent of our total carbon footprint in 2021 and close to a quarter of the total GHG emissions generated in our tobacco supply chain.

Having achieved a 77 percent reduction in GHG emissions per kilogram of flue cured tobacco between 2010 and 2020, we are now committed to a further 75 percent reduction in emissions generated by curing one kilogram of flue cured tobacco by 2025 (versus our 2019 baseline).

To deliver on this ambitious target, we focus on improving curing barn efficiency and increasing the use of renewable fuels.

We made good progress in 2021, achieving a 64 percent reduction in emissions per kilogram of tobacco from flue curing versus 2019.

In 2021, an external partner audited our suppliers, mostly remotely due to COVID 19 restrictions on travel and partially on site where conditions allowed.

These audits covered all flue cured origins to verify carbon reduction activities and data on fuel use per kilogram of tobacco cured.

As most farmers own their curing barns, we collaborate with them and our suppliers to provide guidance and support to make the barns more thermal efficient.

We support improvement projects, which typically aim to enhance combustion efficiency, ventilation, heating control, and insulation.

In 2021, the improvement projects we carried out increased the efficiency of 11,181 barns adding to a cumulative total of around 94,000 barns upgraded since 2014 across 13 countries.

In parallel, we continued to deliver training to farmers through our suppliers on fuel efficiency, barn maintenance, and fuel sustainability.

To reduce GHG emissions, we are gradually phasing out fossil fuels such as coal and diesel in favor of renewable fuels, including sustainable firewood and biomass.

Our Monitoring, Verification, and Reporting Framework for Sustainable Leaf Curing Fuels (MVR) allows us to systematically monitor the sustainability of all fuel types used in our tobacco supply chain.

In 2021, we exceeded our target of having 70 percent of our purchased flue cured tobacco cured with renewables, achieving 75 percent.

Progress was driven primarily by our work to ensure that the firewood and other wood based materials used to cure the tobacco we purchase do not contribute to the deforestation of natural primary forests.

Our MVR enables us to assess the risk of deforestation represented by different wood fuels, collect sourcing information on the wood fuels farmers use to cure tobacco, and cross check that those sources have forest management plans in place highlighting the traceability of the forest products and the application of sustainable forestry practices.

We are working on providing guidance for selecting fertilizer providers taking into consideration their manufacturing emissions.

We are also exploring innovative technologies that could curb field emissions from nitrogen based fertilizers.

In particular, we will test the impact of improved irrigation techniques on nitrogen volatilization and evaluate the difference in emissions that small changes in timing of application of the fertilizer can trigger.

Additionally, we seek to optimize the use of fertilizer.

This requires us to better manage the portion of applied fertilizers that is not taken up by the crop and therefore causes nitrogen volatilization.

In 2021, 100 percent of the tobacco we purchased was cured with no risk of deforestation of primary or protected forests.

Read more about our forestry management ambitions and progress here.

Another driver of progress is our continued focus on the phase out of coal via the conversion of curing infrastructures to enable the switch to renewable fuels.

In 2021, 3 percent of the flue cured tobacco we purchased was cured with coal (down from 11 percent in 2020) all of it originated from the Yunnan and Guizhou provinces of China.

In those regions, we continued to support the multistakeholder initiative, led by the China National Tobacco Corporation, to convert curing barns from coal to biomass and create a fuel pellets supply chain produced from agricultural waste.

Local communities are playing a vital role in the project, having created a network of pelletizing plants sufficient to provide enough bioenergy to support both the tobacco supply chain and the needs of local infrastructure such as public buildings.

In 2021, 85 percent of the tobacco we purchased from China was cured with biomass, up from 49 percent in 2020.

We remain committed to eliminating coal from our curing fuel portfolio by the end of 2023.

In 2021, emissions related to the use of fertilizers in tobacco production contributed to 8.5 percent of PMI’s total carbon footprint.

Nitrogen based fertilizers are essential in commercial agriculture to assist farmers in achieving appropriate yields.

Continuous decrease of fertilizer application is challenging, therefore we are addressing fertilizer emissions from different angles.

The drivers that will help support emission reductions globally include the preference in volume allocation to markets using fertilizers more efficiently, the increase in input output efficiency, and the gradual decrease in our overall tobacco demand.

We want to promote insetting by implementing nature based solutions in our tobacco supply chain.

This allows us to compensate for unavoidable emissions generated by our direct operations while also advancing the well being and socioeconomic development of tobacco farming communities and creating co benefits such as more resilient ecosystems and improved safe water access for our farming communities.

In 2021, using the two sets of quality criteria defined by the PCI for project selection the eight core principles and the five PMI specific additional attributes we identified an insetting project for our supply chain in Mozambique.

We worked with our tobacco supplier and a global carbon project developer with a presence in the country to strengthen our feasibility study and understand the needs of rural communities linked to our tobacco sourcing in more detail.

We assessed the improvement interventions (including the distribution of cook stoves and the drilling of boreholes) in the supply chain against the potential for carbon insetting generation.

In designing activities, we prioritized co benefits such as the creation of safe drinking water access points in line with our WASH approach and the contextual protection of natural forests that are providing ecosystem services to the rural communities included in the project feasibility phase.

We expect implementation of the project to begin in 2022.

A second project is under assessment in Argentina, where our farmers in the regions of Jujuy and Salta rely partially on firewood to cure Virginia tobacco.

Leveraging the multi functionality of natural managed forest and the concept of ecosystem corridors, we conducted a preliminary assessment based on the provision of multiple services linked to forest restoration.

To ensure the resiliency of the forestry landscape in a context where ecosystem services are not monetized, we have targeted value generation.

We have focused on the projected production of sustainable firewood in line with our MVR requirements and the generation of biodiversity and water benefits while testing an impact assessment model that can provide a dollar figure for the improvements achieved at the ecosystem level.

This approach is in line with the holistic view of the natural managed forest we aim to pursue in our forest restoration.

Sustainability issues do not occur in a vacuum (read more here).

Building on our 10 year experience of developing and implementing programs, especially in our agriculture supply chain, we have witnessed how climate change exacerbates human rights issues including social inequalities and disproportionately affects the most vulnerable.

The climate crisis concretely impacts human migration, access to water, global health, agriculture productivity, and food security, among many other issues affecting our collective livelihood.

In 2021, we tasked Article One, our human rights advisers, with preparing a briefing paper to allow us to better understand how climate change and human rights impacts intersect.

Understanding those synergies is an essential step in developing coherent and inclusive strategies.

With a significant portion of our GHG emissions arising from our non tobacco supply chain, engaging with our suppliers to contribute to their transition toward a net zero economy is at the heart of our approach.

Beyond tobacco, the materials and services we purchased in 2021 generated around 54 percent of our company’s total carbon footprint.

Our most carbon intensive supplies (representing 40 percent of our non tobacco supply chain emissions in 2021) are the direct materials used in the manufacturing of our products, such as cellulose acetate tow, pulp and paper, and our smoke free electronic devices.

We know it will take time to work with our suppliers to identify and implement appropriate carbon emissions reduction initiatives.

As a first step, in the past couple of years, we focused on intensive engagement with key suppliers of direct materials.

This work allowed us to collect primary carbon data and understand our suppliers’ GHG emission reduction programs and targets.

In 2021, we witnessed among our suppliers a heightened understanding of their climate impacts, in particular with regard to their supply chains’ emissions.

We attribute this to the efforts we initiated in 2020 coupled with growing societal expectations around climate change.

Our engagement efforts have allowed us to develop a roadmap for carbon reduction to 2025.

Another way the direct materials used in our products can negatively impact our carbon footprint is through association with commodity driven deforestation.

We aim to lead the shift toward a more environmentally sustainable pulp based materials sector by following the tenets of our Zero Deforestation Manifesto.

Read more about our commitments and progress in 2021 here.

Our decision to accelerate our ambition to achieve net zero emissions along our value chain by 10 years moving our target from 2050 to 2040 means we must double our efforts to encourage and support our suppliers in reducing their emissions.

With this in mind, we announced a new target in 2021 for all our critical suppliers to adopt science based targets aligned with the 1.5 degree pathway.

Since 2019, we have piloted this engagement with two electronic suppliers in close collaboration with CDP China, resulting in their targets being recently approved by the SBTi.

Overall, in 2021, emissions from our non tobacco supply chain decreased by 12 percent versus our 2019 baseline.

In recognition of our actions and strategies to reduce emissions and lower climate related risks in our supply chain, CDP placed PMI on its Supplier Engagement Leaderboard in 2021 for the fifth consecutive year.

We are proud of the level of sophistication and ambition achieved to date by our climate strategy and by the capabilities of our organization in this field, and aim to remain at the forefront of the climate neutral agenda.

Conditions today are uniquely favorable to accelerate decarbonization actions and projects, to reduce our overall carbon footprint and to increase our supply chain resilience by managing climate related risks proactively and seizing increasing opportunities in the low carbon economy.

To achieve this, we believe in the power of strong ambitions, bold strategies, and investments in innovative technologies.

To bolster our efforts and create a sound governance context internally, we also plan to revise our shadow price and carbon levy in 2022 in order to better reflect the changes in risk and emission profiles.

We are highly committed to playing our role in the decarbonization of our society through actions guided by our science based targets.

We will continue to research and develop innovative solutions, explore new technologies, invest with impact to foster more and better innovation, and inspire all our people and our business partners to join us in this journey.

Our learnings will be theirs to build upon, to drive a successful low carbon transition, together.

In 2022, we plan to reassess climate change related risks and opportunities in line with a 1.5 degrees Celsius scenario and the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures, updating the assessment we conducted in 2018 2019.

We will also intensify our investment in developing tailored projects as part of the PCI strategy, in line with our expectation to trigger value on the ground by running carbon projects directly with partners in our supply chain.

Through the PCI technological removal strategy initiative, we will explore the carbon tech space by investigating emerging solutions that could bring innovation and market access to carbon direct removal.

Technological removals will be further expanded in our tobacco supply chain, where we aim to finalize the assessment of the potential and feasibility of biochar based carbon sequestration within selected farming communities.

In our factories, we will continue to implement energy efficiency initiatives and increase the share of renewables in our energy mix.

We plan to certify additional manufacturing sites as carbon neutral by the end of 2022.

Building on results to date, we will continue to deploy digital and artificial intelligence solutions in our manufacturing sites to deliver additional carbon savings.

In our tobacco supply chain, we aim to further reduce emissions through continuous improvements in tobacco flue curing (through efficiency efforts and further adoption of renewable fuels) and additional initiatives related to fertilizers and mechanization to increase crop productivity and consequently reduce emissions intensity.

We will monitor the implementation of our insetting projects and explore other opportunities to deploy high quality nature based solutions in other tobacco growing geographies.

During the year, we will refine our approach to helping critical suppliers set science based targets.

To further deploy fleet carbon neutrality programs, we plan to continue focusing on eco driving behaviors through telematics and awareness campaigns and training.

In 2022, we will continue to renew our fleet, accelerating the switch from internal combustion engines to more environmentally friendly powertrains such as hybrid and electric vehicles.

We will also continue our efforts to minimize the carbon footprint of our offices and warehouses, and we expect to certify our first carbon neutral markets.

In parallel, we will continue driving carbon reduction through diligent eco design of our products.

Natural capital is a wealth we all share and depend on.

It is essential that we protect, sustainably manage, and nurture it.

We collectively depend on soil, land, forests, and water, which provide resources and services critical to human existence.

Moreover, a healthy natural ecosystem plays a vital role in tackling climate change, with land and oceans absorbing and storing carbon from the atmosphere.

Yet biological richness and natural resources are being lost at an alarming rate.

Global scientific studies indicate that one million plant and animal species face extinction, thousands of species are already extinct, and several million hectares of natural forest are lost each year despite international efforts to counter the trend.

The unsustainable use of natural resources can lead to soil loss and erosion, diminished landscape and recreational value, and a subsequent loss of economic value.

Often, it is the world’s most impoverished communities that are most vulnerable to the negative impacts of changes in climate, biodiversity, and ecosystem function.

Protecting forests and regenerating ecosystems can help prevent the worst impacts of extreme climate events and improve livelihoods.

Our business activities rely on healthy ecosystems.

The degradation and loss of natural capital can cause disruptions and increase production costs.

The raw materials used in our products rely on fertile soil, stable climate conditions, and access to water.

In our agricultural supply chain especially, even small changes in the balance of ecosystems can lower crop productivity, increase production costs linked to remediation and adaptation measures, and negatively impact farmers’ livelihoods.

Promoting the efficient use of natural resources and taking steps to protect, preserve, and improve them help manage risks and prepare us to meet regulatory frameworks that may emerge in response to increased awareness of our limited environmental resources, ecosystem degradation, and biodiversity loss.

Further, we understand that we all have a responsibility to halt the destruction of natural habitats and are committed to playing our part in helping address this global issue.

Water and biodiversity: During 2022 we will develop and introduce new KPIs and related aspirations for these two topics.

We are committed to the responsible and sustainable management of natural resources.

We understand that forestry management, biodiversity protection, water stewardship, and waste reduction are deeply intertwined.

Moreover, robust ecosystems capture and store carbon from the atmosphere, thus playing a key role alongside efforts to reduce GHG emissions from man made activities in combating climate change.

We seek to account for those synergies and consider our impacts holistically when designing and deploying our nature related strategies and programs.

We have set targets and initiatives tied to various aspects of natural capital, with a particular focus on the highest risk segments of our value chain.

With regard to forestry management in our tobacco supply chain, having achieved zero gross deforestation of primary and protected forests in 2020, we are now raising the bar and are committed to achieving zero net deforestation of managed natural forests and to having a net positive impact on forests by 2025.

In our paper and pulp based materials supply chain, we target zero gross deforestation of primary and protected forests by 2025 and zero net deforestation of managed natural forest and no conversion of natural ecosystems by 2030.

Simultaneously, we are focused on improving water efficiency and protecting the quality of the water returned to the environment from our factories.

We are on track to have all our manufacturing sites certified to the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) standard by 2025.

Mindful that a significant portion of our water footprint comes from our agricultural supply chain, we have set the ambition to optimize at least 10 million cubic meters of water in our tobacco growing areas by 2030.

In a world with finite resources, we also aim to reduce the waste we generate, promote its recycling, and responsibly dispose of it.

Our short term target is to achieve virtually zero waste to landfill across all our manufacturing sites by the end of 2022 meaning a landfill diversion rate of 99 percent or greater.

Several corporate policies guide our approach, including our Environmental Commitment, Responsible Sourcing Principles, Good Agricultural Practices, Zero Deforestation Manifesto, and Water Stewardship Policy.

We routinely conduct global and local risk assessments to evaluate our impacts on forests, biodiversity, and water, and we prioritize and adjust our actions accordingly.

Our efforts to protect natural capital are overseen by our Senior Vice President, Operations, a member of our Company Management.

Our Operations team is responsible for developing and implementing strategies to achieve our ambitions related to forests, biodiversity, water, and waste.

Progress on the ground is delivered through close collaboration with our stakeholders, particularly our suppliers.

Protecting nature is a collective responsibility requiring both global ambitions and interventions tailored to local contexts.

We collaborate with and participate in several platforms and organizations, such as the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD), the Taskforce on Nature related Financial Disclosures (TNFD), CSR Europe, the International Union for Conservation of Nature’s SwissBiz4Nature, and the Alliance for Water Stewardship.

Where we operate, we consider the surrounding ecosystems with the goal of minimizing our negative impact.

In addition to recognizing our leadership in environmental transparency and decarbonizing our value chain, CDP has acknowledged our efforts to preserve nature, awarding us an A rating for our work advancing water security and forest protection in 2021.

The organization also placed us on its Supplier Engagement Leaderboard in 2021 for the fifth consecutive year.

When managed appropriately, forests provide a sustainable source of raw materials some of which we use in our products and operations as well as essential services to local communities.

We are committed to achieving a deforestation free supply chain for our tobacco and paper and pulp based materials.

These supply chains represent the vast majority of PMI’s total land use and provide the materials most often linked to the risk of deforestation and the conversion of natural ecosystems.

In early 2021, we reinforced this commitment by issuing our revised Zero Deforestation Manifesto (ZDM), further aligning it to the Accountability Framework Initiative guidelines and definitions.

This will improve transparency and allow us to benchmark the commitments we have set.

The ZDM governs our forestry management efforts and is designed to move us toward becoming forest positive.

With it, we reinforced our commitment to protect and measure our impact on forests linked to PMI’s supply chain.

The manifesto establishes the importance of covering both natural forests (i.e., primary and protected forest areas) and natural managed forests (i.e., naturally occurring production forests) in our framework of action and specifies criteria for on the ground interventions needed for us to meet our 2025 and 2030 targets.

We are committed to working with our tobacco suppliers and farmers to foster and implement sustainable agriculture practices that protect natural capital and enhance livelihoods.

In 2021, an external audit of renewable curing fuels carried out in our tobacco flue cured supply chain confirmed that none of our suppliers poses a risk to primary or protected forests i.e., that 100 percent of our flue cured tobacco is purchased at zero risk of gross deforestation.

We are working to align natural managed forests with our zero net deforestation requirements, including by establishing traceability to the point of harvest and documenting our sustainable forestry practices.

In 2021, 37 percent of our purchased tobacco was externally verified as compliant with the ZDM’s net zero criteria.

Assessing deforestation risks in our tobacco supply chain Since 2020, we have used geospatial analysis performed with Global Forest Watch (GFW) to digitally map forests in our tobacco growing areas.

We have added in depth assessments with primary input data from satellite imagery coming from Sentinel 2 and European Space Agency (ESA) land cover maps.

For the granular analysis of attributes beyond the scope of GFW, we have partnered with Remote Sensing Solutions, a Germany based specialist organization that uses remote sensing to offer solutions in land use classifications and land use changes at a minimum mapping unit of 0.2 hectares.

Our spatial assessments cover all tobacco types and all suppliers from which we source across over 40 tobacco growing areas in 21 countries.

We use geographic information system data to pinpoint the farming areas where the tobacco we purchase is grown and then apply a 15 kilometer buffer to each site to account for the potential impact of indirect land use change outside the tobacco cultivation areas.

We call this extended zone the tobacco growing area (TGA).

Globally, we monitor deforestation risk on around 57 million hectares of land (a surface roughly equivalent to the size of France).

This allows us to focus our on site audits and activities on those areas where potential risks of deforestation are detected.

Our approach so far has been intentionally broad, to ensure sound due diligence.

Based on learnings gathered to date and our growing ability to more precisely monitor and analyze data, we intend to localize the specific impact drivers for each tobacco growing area on our mapping, restricting our measurement to the area where those impacts actually take place.

This means we will become more targeted in our analysis and, consequently, we foresee a decrease in the total area we will monitor for deforestation and natural habitat loss in future years.

Our 2021 annual risk assessment showed a continued need to prioritize the use of sustainable firewood to cure Virginia tobacco and switch to sustainable sources of timber to build barns for the air curing of Burley tobacco in Malawi and Mozambique.

Beyond this, our 2021 evaluation highlighted potential deforestation risks related to crop diversification in Misiones Province in Argentina, where our granular assessment detected mosaic land use change around the farming area.

Further, our data revealed the need to account for the specificities of the wood supply chain in Pakistan, where most tobacco farmers source firewood in woodlots outside the parameters of our typical 15 kilometer buffer.

The forest districts we monitor in northern Pakistan include dry terrain with sparse vegetation cover, making satellite observation extremely difficult and prone to error.

We invested in detailed analysis to precisely determine the forest types within our supply chain (natural protected, natural managed, planted, non forest vegetation) to cross check our internal monitoring and external audit results.

This revealed that the outcomes of our 2019 2021 land cover satellite assessment were largely in sync with the figures reported for the farmers in our monitoring system, thereby confirming the compliance of the renewable curing fuel program we implemented in Pakistan with our forest protection criteria and requirements.

In 2021, we fully embedded the updated requirements and ambitions of our Zero Deforestation Manifesto in our MVR, and we communicated these updates to our tobacco leaf suppliers through a set of tailored guidelines.

We use our MVR to systematically monitor the sustainability of all fuel types used in our tobacco supply chain, which includes a requirement to maintain a full chain of custody for the firewood used in the curing process.

Data gathered through our MVR are verified by a third party.

In 2021, all suppliers of flue cured tobacco were audited, either with a desktop or on site audit, across the countries where we source this type of tobacco.

Our efforts have delivered significant progress: In 2021, 75 percent of the flue cured tobacco we purchased was cured using renewable and traceable fuels (2020: 67 percent).

Further, between 2015 and 2021, across our global tobacco supply chain, the average amount of wood used for curing decreased from 5.7 kilograms to 3.9 kilograms per kilogram of cured tobacco, a reduction of 32 percent.

Building live barns for tobacco curing in Malawi and Mozambique The Burley tobacco we purchase from Malawi and Mozambique is air cured in barns made of timber, which needs to be replaced regularly, placing forests at risk.

To reduce this risk, we promote the use of live barns, which use living trees as curing poles and remain in place for many years.

During 2021, we partnered with our suppliers to plant approximately 6,000 live barns in Mozambique and 12,000 in Malawi, reaching a cumulative total of around 94,000 live barns planted in both countries since 2014.

From seedling to live barn, collaboration with our suppliers, farmers, and field technicians is fundamental to ensuring high rates of tree survival and growth.

We estimate that approximately 221,000 hectares of land are used to grow the tobacco we source.

The surface forest areas that produce wood for biomass and curing fuel represent, by our best estimate, more than 41,000 additional hectares.

This increase is due to changes in our tobacco volumes linked to our sourcing strategy and the expansion of forest areas used for curing fuels, including the increase in biomass use in China in substitution to coal (read more here).

Risks associated with land use change resulting from tobacco farming are not considered significant.

The use of more productive tobacco seed varieties and the implementation of practices in line with PMI’s Good Agricultural Practices (GAP) principles and standards help maximize yield per hectare, improve farmer income, and thus reduce pressure to expand crops into surrounding forests.

In light of these trends and the global contraction of the amount of land needed to fulfill our crop requirements, our analysis shows no direct deforestation risk associated with our tobacco sourcing.

A 2019 land use change study by Quantis confirmed this, and our analysis of farming areas is consistent with the figures on land use change we calculate annually for our tobacco growing areas, including forest and natural ecosystems such as peatland, wetland, savanna, and native grassland.

Promoting the switch to sustainable fuels to cure Virginia tobacco The curing process for Virginia tobacco takes place in barns heated by a variety of fuel sources, including firewood and woody biomass (pellets, woodchips).

To mitigate the risk of firewood collection contributing to deforestation, we are increasing the efficiency of curing barns to minimize the use of fuel.

We are also deploying our Monitoring, Verification, and Reporting (MVR) Framework for Sustainable Curing Fuels across our entire flue cured supply chain the framework requires the traceability of firewood to ensure it originates from sustainable sources.

And we encourage the use of agriculture derived fuels where they do not compete with food production or negatively affect food security.

For these reasons, the agrofuels used are primarily by products of upstream food processing, such as olive pits and fruit stones in Spain and Italy and mulberry prunings in China.

Land use analysis of the area identified as the firewood sourcing origin area for PMI’s flue cured tobacco in Pakistan (source RSS).

Enhancing natural capital through reforestation and afforestation As part of our efforts to halt deforestation and enhance natural habitats, we aim to restore hundreds of hectares of forest by 2025.

We require that our suppliers and farmers be self sufficient in supplying wood for curing and construction.

By 2025, we aim for them to grow more trees than they cut.

We will also work with them on forest restoration, biodiversity, and natural habitats, prioritizing ecologically valuable and sensitive land such as key biodiversity areas.

Tree growing requires careful management and is limited to marginal lands where the carbon stock and existing biodiversity assets, including soil, can be enhanced.

Since 2019, we have restored 165 hectares of forest to compensate for the unsustainable sourcing of firewood used for curing tobacco leaf.

Additionally, aligned with the criteria of our forest positive program in our tobacco leaf supply chain we reported 190 hectares of additional forest established since 2019.

Our MVR external auditor must validate the assumptions behind compensation activities submitted by our suppliers before PMI can consider the figures in its forest positive accounting.

Assessing deforestation risks in our paper and pulp based materials supply chain For our paper and pulp based products, we designed a risk assessment in 2021 that embeds the criteria of the National Risk Assessment (NRA) of the Forest Stewardship Council (FSC).

We selected 17 criteria relevant to our paper and pulp based supply chain and applied them to the list of countries from which we source.

This allowed us to identify the following origin countries as at high risk of failing to meet our zero gross deforestation target: Argentina, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Brazil, Indonesia, Russia, Serbia, and Thailand.

We plan to establish an assurance system covering all the countries that are part of our paper and pulp supply chain and will place particular focus on the high risk origins (where we will deploy on the ground audits, as needed).

We intend to leverage satellite monitoring moving forward, replicating the operating model in place in our tobacco supply chain, to analyze deforestation risk in the areas where our paper and pulp based product suppliers operate.

Working with an external party to implement our zero deforestation assurance framework, we will leverage tools such as a complementary risk assessment based on forestry news feeds.

Operationalizing our Zero Deforestation Manifesto In our paper and pulp based materials supply chain, we concentrated our efforts in 2021 on communicating our updated Zero Deforestation Manifesto to the suppliers of direct materials used in our products and device packaging.

We engaged intensively with them, providing detailed implementation guidelines and hosting workshops and one to one training.

By year end, these suppliers had all committed to help achieve our 2025 and 2030 targets and agreed to undergo a compliance assessment in 2022.

We will replicate these efforts among our suppliers of secondary paper and pulp based products in 2022 these include, for instance, suppliers of shipping cases, marketing materials, and bundle closing and inserts.

From tobacco cultivation to manufacturing, our products require water.

Our agricultural supply chain accounts for around half of our water footprint.

The second largest share of our water use (around 40 percent) derives from other sectors of our supply chain in particular, the processes by which the filters, paper, and packaging materials we source are manufactured.

Our direct operations are not particularly water intensive, representing around 5 percent of our water footprint, with fresh water used for manufacturing, sanitation, and other processes.

Water is a renewable yet finite resource shared by all.

We can help combat water scarcity and advance global health and food security by responsibly managing our impacts on water, especially in water stressed regions.

The quantity, quality, and timing of water availability all impact the growth of tobacco plants.

For about 60 percent of the farmland in our supply chain, the growing season is synced to the rain season, enabling crops to be rain fed during the open field stage.

Where we use irrigation, we are mindful of the risk of baseline water stress when conducting local risk assessments.

Overall, irrigation accounts for around half the water used to grow the tobacco we source, with an average of 339 cubic meters used for irrigation per ton of tobacco produced in 2021.

Since we started measuring it in 2018, the total water requirement related to our purchased tobacco volume has gradually decreased in absolute terms however, our supply chain is subject to off trend years.

We experienced such a year in 2021, when the effects of climate change driven events caused our water consumption to increase.

The leading cause of unforeseen water use is seasonal variability, where temperature and air moisture conditions vary outside temporal series standard values, causing soil water stress conditions that can be mitigated by increasing irrigation volumes.

We expect irrigation needs to increase in terms of intensity (i.e., water required per ton of tobacco produced) as we are recording a continuous increase in risk factors linked to seasonal variability in the tobacco growing areas where we operate.

Assessing water risks Evaluating and understanding water risk across our tobacco supply chain is critical to making informed decisions and effectively managing water resources.

We conduct a global water risk assessment annually in our tobacco supply chain using the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct risk mapping tool.

The tool analyzes physical water risks in all the tobacco growing areas from which we source and forecasts patterns regarding the watershed scale that is likely to emerge in coming years.

Risks such as floods, upstream land use, and baseline water stress influence water availability for agriculture and community use and can also impact our tobacco farmers.

Therefore, our global assessments take into account a wider hydrologic region than that devoted to tobacco cultivation.

Climate change is expected to affect rainfall patterns worldwide, placing pressure on water supplies and potentially restricting water availability for agriculture and certain industry sectors.

Given the global reach of PMI’s value chain, climate change driven water scarcity could present a substantive threat to our business objectives in the mid to long term.

Consequently, properly managing lands and water resources is a priority for PMI as we seek to increase the resilience of our production systems and minimize operational risks.

We conduct a global water risk assessment annually in tobacco growing regions to identify potential hotspots for physical water risks that require adaptation measures.

In the past two years, we strengthened our water stewardship strategy, developing guidance for applying a landscape approach to water optimization projects, protecting natural resources and recharge areas, and improving the efficiency of irrigation systems to integrate better farm water management.

In 2021, we improved our methodology to assess water risks, taking into account the size of each tobacco growing area, instead of single geographic locations.

Accordingly, our 2021 assessment revealed that most tobacco growing areas (79 percent) showed a medium to high, high, or extremely high level of physical risk (including 32 percent identified as high or extremely high ).

This assessment accounts for overall watershed risk, including but not limited to drought, upstream land use, and baseline water stress.

To complement our global exercise, we routinely conduct local water assessments, which leverage primary data sources and interviews with stakeholders to gauge both external and internal water risk on the ground.

The external criteria assessment looks at the drivers of risk at the watershed level that are affecting all stakeholders, while the internal criteria focus on tobacco farming, forecasting risk sensitivity for farmers in our supply chain.

Since 2018, we have completed 31 local water risk assessments (representing approximately two thirds of our total tobacco growing areas), and we aim to cover all tobacco growing areas by the end of 2025.

In 2021, we conducted on the ground water risk assessments in Argentina, Brazil, the Philippines, and Turkey.

These assessments helped identify the shared water challenges that are a necessary starting point for properly designed risk mitigation initiatives.

A frequent challenge recorded in our 2021 local risk assessments is competing demands for limited water supplies.

For instance, in the F rat Dicle Basin in Turkey, we see competition for water resources between agriculture and manufacturing industries.

Other challenges identified include the awareness of farmers of water related issues in the Alto Igua u watershed in Brazil and groundwater decline leading to dry wells in the Bicol River Basin in the Philippines.

In 2022, we will further assess challenges at the watershed level, involving community stakeholders as warranted to mitigate risks.

Optimizing water As defined by the Alliance for Water Stewardship, a shared water challenge is a water related issue, concern, or threat shared by the site and one or more stakeholders within the catchment(s).

Drawing on our experience and the findings of our risk assessments, we aim to go beyond water management toward water stewardship to tackle shared watershed challenges, leveraging a science based approach to improve water conditions for beneficiaries across each watershed.

We have set a target of optimizing at least 10 million cubic meters of water (cumulative since 2019) in our tobacco growing areas by 2030 through dedicated projects that address shared water challenges in the watersheds where we operate.

To achieve this goal, we plan to generate volumetric water benefits through farm and landscape level interventions, leveraging our on the ground presence in collaboration with our suppliers and local stakeholders.

In 2021, we partnered with the experts of Bluerisk and Valuing Impact to apply the World Resource Institute’s volumetric water benefit accounting (VWBA) methodology to our tobacco supply chain.

This allowed us to better understand the potential impacts of water retention interventions, whether positive (e.g., carbon sequestration due to increased soil organic matter) or negative (e.g., increased water withdrawals due to more efficient irrigation systems that may trigger increased evapotranspiration).

The projects we undertake range from nature based solutions to irrigation efficiencies and rainwater collection.

For example, in 2021, we modified our farmer footprint in Turkey by supporting farmers in switching their previous crops to tobacco, which requires substantially less irrigation water.

This change has helped address competing demand for limited water supplies in the water stressed Aegean Region, reducing by more than 300,000 cubic meters the amount of water withdrawn from the local watershed.

The results of this project have contributed to our 2030 volumetric water optimization target.

We also trialed irrigation optimization sensors in Italy, leveraging drip irrigation, liquid fertilizers, and the deployment of a decision support system that uses digital technology to ensure the most efficient crop input amounts (of both water and fertilizers).

Our goal is to optimize the ratio between crop input and productivity to minimize the use of resources, including water, while maximizing crop yield.

Meanwhile in Brazil, many of our farmers have water springs on or near their farms.

To maintain water quality and prevent contamination and runoff, we supported them in protecting water points by installing fencing to keep away cattle and prevent contamination.

Overall, since 2019, we have already optimized 437,915 cubic meters of water across our tobacco supply chain.

When designing projects, we seek to take a holistic approach that aims to both protect natural capital and generate water benefits for local watersheds.

Nature based solutions are proven to bring significantly greater benefits than projects focused solely on reducing water consumption at the farm level.

Water quality When misused, crop protection agents (CPAs) and fertilizers can pollute the local environment.

While CPAs protect crops and fertilizers improve crop yield, these chemicals can infiltrate groundwater or run off into surface watercourses, impacting aquifers and aquatic ecosystems.

We maintain a global integrated pest management program to reduce the unnecessary use of pesticides, promote less hazardous alternatives, and manage both appropriately (read more here).

Further, to minimize their negative impact, we promote more efficient ways to apply fertilizers, such as through drip irrigation systems that distribute them in smaller quantities and directly to the plants’ root systems.

The interventions of field technicians who help educate farmers are key to improving pesticide and fertilizer management.

We have a long standing approach to driving water stewardship in our direct operations, including our manufacturing sites.

Assessing water risks We conduct periodic risk assessments, mapping our factories, offices, and warehouses against the World Resources Institute’s Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas to identify those sites subject to physical water risks.

A criticality evaluation, based on indicators and thresholds that define the criteria for a site to be considered critical for PMI’s business continuity.

Water risk scores, based on the results of the WRI Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas.

The relevant water risk indicators for PMI were identified according to the type of facility (e.g., factory, warehouse, or office).

Following our 2020 assessment results, we kept our focus in 2021 on four factories: three sites in Europe shown to have high criticality and to face risk of drought or water stress and one site in Asia at risk of riverine flooding.

Accelerating water efficiency efforts Manufacturing cigarettes and consumables for our smoke free products accounts for around 5 percent of our total water footprint and amounted to around 3.12 million cubic meters in 2021 (2020: 3.38 million cubic meters).

The production of smoke free consumables initially was five times more water intensive than the manufacturing of combusted cigarettes.

While the public health benefits of smoke free products justify the trade off of increased water intensity, we are accelerating our efforts to mitigate the increased water demand in the manufacturing process through enhanced efficiency.

In 2021, we reduced water intensity by 44 percent versus 2018, achieving a ratio of 2.6 cubic meters per million cigarettes equivalent, down from 4.7 in 2018.

We continuously work to improve our processes, invest in novel technologies, and raise awareness among our employees.

Our Drive 4 Zero program plays a crucial role in improving performance.

In 2021, we were able to reduce total water consumption across our manufacturing sites by 8.5 percent despite the continued and significant increase in the production volume of heated tobacco units.

Our efforts are bearing fruit: Between 2018 and 2021, we reduced water consumption at our manufacturing sites by 28.6 percent in absolute terms.

Water and wastewater quality Water quality plays a vital role in our operations.

At our factories, high quality fresh water is used in manufacturing processes including the preparation of flavors and liquid products and the production of smoke free consumables for sanitation and hygiene, and for landscape watering.

To reduce water dependency in the long term, we are implementing technologies and efficiency initiatives to recycle and reuse water at our manufacturing facilities.

These technologies include, for instance, reverse osmosis and electrode ionization.

Monitoring wastewater quality is standard procedure at our manufacturing sites.

We conduct sampling following recognized protocols to measure standard effluent parameters.

Although we conduct some laboratory analysis internally, most is handled externally by accredited labs.

Our certified environmental management systems help our sites remain in compliance with current and future statutory and regulatory requirements associated with water discharge.

Fostering best practices in water management Certifying our manufacturing sites to the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) standard is a critical component of our approach to water management.

The AWS standard is a globally applicable framework that enables organizations to understand their water use and impacts and work collaboratively and transparently with others to achieve sustainable water management within the wider water catchment context.

It goes beyond manufacturing to help companies engage with the communities in which they operate.

Our goal is to certify all our factories to the AWS standard by 2025, and we are making good progress.

In 2021, our sites in Brazil, the Czech Republic, Greece, Indonesia, Italy, Mexico, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Romania, Russia, South Korea, Switzerland, Turkey, and Ukraine completed the certification process (or, for those sites that previously had been certified, underwent the annual surveillance audit), bringing the total number of our factories certified since 2018 to 16.

Our water risk assessments guide our certification timelines and levels of ambition.

For instance, we achieved Platinum AWS certification for our factory in Brazil, which is located in the same catchment area as our smallholder tobacco farmers in Rio Pardo and Taquari Antas.

During 2021, we launched a new project to analyze groundwater quality because it was found to have a naturally high concentration of fluoride, affecting drinking water.

To reduce the fluoride concentration, we collaborated with the local university to develop a green filter based on World Health Organization literature and test it at farmers’ homes.

The project, which is still ongoing, has more than six months of proven efficacy and was presented at the annual conference of the Brazilian Chemical Society.

Between 2019 and 2021, we also invested in developing our internal capabilities to accelerate the rollout of the AWS program across our factories, accrediting close to 50 employees as internal AWS auditors through the AWS specialist training from the SGS Academy.

In 2021, our manufacturing site in Batangas set out to become the first factory certified by the Alliance for Water Stewardship (AWS) in the Philippines.

The certification was undertaken with the goal to promote sustainable water stewardship practices in collaboration with local stakeholders.

Adequate waste management creates efficiencies and allows for better use of finite resources.

We follow the waste hierarchy, whereby we aim first to reduce the waste we generate, promote its reuse and recycling whenever possible, incinerate it when this is the best option available, and, to the extent possible, avoid adding to landfill.

We are committed to reducing the waste generated by our operations and to identifying and applying the most sustainable waste treatment options available.

We manage all waste from our production sites, including waste from catering, rest areas, laboratories, and healthcare facilities.

We pay special attention to our most valuable waste streams, such as tobacco, paper, card, and cellulose acetate tow, and to hazardous waste, such as oils, lubricants, flavor residues, paints, solvents, chemicals such as nicotine from laboratories, and activated carbon filters.

Avoid and reduce: A core focus of our strategy is to reduce the amount of waste generated by converting raw materials into products as efficiently as possible.

In 2021, we generated a total of 114,043 tons of waste, of which 1 percent was hazardous.

This is 17 percent less waste generated than in 2020 and 29 percent less than in 2019.

We also strive to eliminate or reduce waste at the source for instance, by requiring suppliers to use returnable pallets and containers when delivering materials to our sites.

With improvements to our lean manufacturing processes and our continuous focus on loss elimination, we have been able to reduce the waste generated in production consistently.

Reuse and recycle: In parallel to optimizing our processes to cut waste, we strive to responsibly manage the waste we do generate.

We first seek to reuse materials ourselves or make them available to others, extending their lifetimes within the circular economy.

For instance, we use organic waste generated by our factory in Italy (e.g., food waste from the canteen) to produce compost, which we then apply as fertilizer to the green areas surrounding the site.

We do not count the materials reused by others as waste because this reuse helps reduce the consumption of natural resources in other industries.

Another path is recycling, which currently represents most of our waste disposal (87 percent in 2021).

This includes segregating waste into paper, plastics, metals, and glass and often selling these materials to recycling companies so they can be turned into new products.

Recover: When recycling is not possible, we seek to recover waste materials and use them to generate energy.

In 2021, 11 percent of the waste generated was incinerated with energy recovery, while only 1.

Employee engagement is a critical driver in helping us to use less and reuse and recycle materials wherever we can.

Our Drive 4 Zero program empowers employees to identify and implement improvement opportunities for waste reduction.

Aiming for zero waste to landfill in our factories We apply a zero waste philosophy, but we acknowledge that even the most efficient systems inevitably involve a small amount of landfill for instance, waste to energy ash residue, waste legally mandated for landfill, and greywater sludge.

In 2021, we achieved virtually zero production waste to landfill globally, with a total of 1,232 tons of production waste disposed to landfill (representing a reduction of 77 percent compared with the close to 5,375 tons in 2019).

We aim to achieve virtually zero waste to landfill across each PMI manufacturing site by year end 2022 while complying with all relevant waste regulations and standards.

By the end of 2021, 83 percent of our factories had achieved virtually zero waste to landfill.

We now are focused on the remaining sites to achieve our 2022 ambition.

All our manufacturing sites have annual waste targets supported by specific projects to ensure their delivery.

It also excludes the mandated waste, generally tobacco, that we are obliged to landfill to respect local regulations.

Fostering responsible waste practices in our supply chain Beyond our operations, we seek to foster a positive impact on waste practices in our supply chain, particularly in our tobacco supply chain.

Our Good Agricultural Practices require that suppliers have waste management plans in place.

In addition to being compliant with relevant laws and regulations, these plans should incorporate identification of waste sources, improvement measures, recycling programs, risk mitigation, and communication with farmers regarding waste classification, storage, recycling, and disposal.

Further, we expect our tobacco suppliers to dispose of empty agrochemical containers safely and appropriately.

In some countries, we provide additional support to ensure the collection and proper disposal of containers that held pesticides or crop protection agents.

In Indonesia, for instance, we partnered with local stakeholders and Plastic Collective in 2021 to support the setup of a recycling center for other types of plastic waste in rural communities.

The project relies on a recycling hub with 20 collection centers to provide a model for local community plastics recycling.

The aim is to recycle over 80 percent of single use plastics in the communities where the project is implemented, and to reduce environmental pollution by supporting these farming communities with education and economic incentives to participate.

The initiative was launched in early November in its first 30 days of collection, around 3.7 tons of single use waste plastic was collected by community members.

We strive to reduce the negative impacts of our operations and sourcing activities on habitats and ecosystems while looking for ways to contribute to the diversity of plant and animal life.

Joining forces to protect biodiversity We believe companies have a critical role to play in tackling biodiversity loss by promoting conservation in partnership with both international organizations driving for global ambitions and local stakeholders who understand their surroundings and experience effects on the ground.

We participate in international forums such as CSR Europe’s Biodiversity Industry Platform, WBCSD’s working groups on nature and forests, and Business for Nature, and we leverage the work of the Science Based Targets Network (SBTN). As of 2021, we also participate in the member forum of the TNFD, providing support and contributing to collective action.

We call on governments to adopt a common and ambitious framework during the 15th meeting of the Conference of the Parties (COP15) to the Convention on Biological Diversity (CBD) to set the stage for worldwide action on biodiversity.

Designing a holistic biodiversity strategy We understand that building a meaningful global approach to biodiversity requires the conscious cross pollination of various strategies and interventions.

The combined effects of nature degradation, climate change, water scarcity, and forest loss among other factors are creating a biodiversity crisis.

To respond appropriately to this crisis, we must account for the synergies and interdependencies of environmental impacts along our value chain and put biodiversity protection at the nexus of our climate, forest, and water strategies.

Over the past couple of years, we have focused on gaining visibility into and an understanding of our impacts on biodiversity.

In our tobacco supply chain, our focus should be on the tobacco cultivation process, which carries risks related to degradation of the natural environment linked to loss of ecosystem area, chemical pollution, and invasive species.

In our non tobacco supply chain, emphasis needs to be put on the deforestation risks linked to the sourcing of paper and pulp based materials.

In our direct operations, attention should be paid to the proximity of our sites to protected and key biodiversity areas and the implementation of good environmental practices at manufacturing sites.

Downstream in our value chain, we should concentrate on preventing the littering of our product consumables.

Biodiversity stewardship in our tobacco supply chain In 2021, we partnered with the Biodiversity Consultancy to identify the main dependencies and impacts related to our tobacco leaf supply chain.

Our aim was to align strategy development with the SBTN approach to set interim targets that have measurable, actionable, time bound objectives that will be revised once the global goals for nature have been formally set by the Convention on Biological Diversity COP.

As a first step, we assessed the programs currently in place to deliver on biodiversity.

These include our Good Agricultural Practices program, integrated pest management program, Zero Deforestation Manifesto, renewable curing fuels program, and water stewardship efforts in addition to locally run biodiversity projects such as our diagnostic tool for environmental protection at farm level in Brazil.

We then focused on deepening our understanding of our tobacco supply chain from a biodiversity standpoint, evaluating its extent and the types of ecosystem it involves.

This work also included a mapping of key dependencies and potential impacts across land use, agricultural practices, water consumption, and forest protection.

This allowed us to scope the areas of application of our strategy, which we expect to cover land occupancy, ecosystem conversion, water stewardship, climate change, chemical pressure, and invasive species.

Toward the end of the year, we also started piloting various measurement instruments.

In particular, we applied the Integrated Biodiversity Assessment Tool (IBAT) including the Species Threat Abatement and Recovery (STAR) metric and combined it with our spatial footprinting to draw preliminary insights to guide us in our selection of meaningful indicators and targets moving forward.

Integrated pest management program Our Good Agricultural Practices and integrated pest management (IPM) program aim to protect both the environment and farmers’ health and safety.

Improving crop productivity creates value for farmers and for PMI.

Using less surface area to grow the same amount of tobacco can free up land for food crops, other income generating activities, and, potentially, biodiversity conservation habitats.

Under our IPM, pests and diseases are controlled by a set of cultivation practices that include, as a last resort, the correct and safe application of crop protection agents.

These practices promote healthy crops and safeguard biodiversity on farms and in surrounding areas.

We have implemented IPM plans in our main tobacco sourcing areas and provide toolkits that help farming communities identify and implement appropriate protection practices.

In certain areas, we have developed models that can predict outbreaks of particular pests and diseases, helping farmers to understand when the use of CPAs is strictly necessary.

As an example, a decision support system was made available to tobacco farmers and field technicians in Italy to help prevent and manage pest and disease outbreaks.

The system helps the decision process by integrating data from forecast models, crop scouting, and remote sensing (satellite images).

It is currently used by more than 100 farmers covering a surface of 3,000 hectares, all mapped and digitalized.

It leverages a network of 17 weather stations located in the tobacco growing areas to maximize the precision and reliability of pest forecasting models.

The tool increased farmers’ awareness of IPM and helped them optimize their use of agrochemicals.

Further, we have started to proactively promote the use of biological compounds instead of chemical CPAs and are exploring the use of beneficial insects as natural enemies.

As an example, among the various IPM strategies adopted in our tobacco supply chain in Brazil, drones are used to release the insect Trichogramma pretiosum over tobacco fields.

Trichogramma are a natural enemy of tobacco Lepidoptera pests.

Over a billion of these insects were released in 2021, helping to keep crop damaging pests under control.

Across our supply chain, PMI prohibits the use of CPAs classified by the World Health Organization as Toxicity class I and permits those in class II in well justified cases only.

We achieved our target of eliminating the purchase of tobacco that contains residues indicating the use of highly hazardous pesticides by crop year 2020 (on which we are reporting in this 2021 report).

In line with our GAP principles, genetically modified (GM) tobacco is not acceptable to PMI. We have solid programs in place to avoid the inadvertent introduction of GM tobacco into the products we commercialize.

Specifically, we require that each lot of tobacco seeds used to produce crops destined for PMI be systematically sampled and tested to ensure no GM tobacco is grown for our company.

Specialized laboratories analyze the seeds sent by all our tobacco suppliers and provide the results directly to both PMI and the suppliers.

Additionally, once the tobacco is grown and prior to purchase, we have each lot of tobacco tested by the same specialized labs to ensure it has not been genetically modified.

If any GM tobacco is detected, the lot is rejected and does not enter PMI’s supply chain.

We are dedicated to setting very solid foundations for our biodiversity approach to be best positioned to drive progress in a complex area.

We will further develop our biodiversity strategy, covering all relevant areas of the company and its integration within our climate, water, forest, and waste reduction efforts.

Noting the relevance that biodiversity and water have in our overall climate strategy and aims to preserve nature, we look forward to introducing 2025 targets that reflect our level of ambition.

We expect to have a full set of targets and actionable milestones by the end of 2022.

Our 10 million cubic meter target is a measure of progress that illustrates much more: strong stakeholder engagement at the watershed level and a deep understanding of, and commitment to, acting on shared water challenges with a forward looking interpretation of water needs.

We are focused on achieving our goal of virtually zero waste to landfill in our manufacturing facilities by the end of 2022, having all our manufacturing sites below 1 percent of waste to landfill in their operations, and continuing to reduce our total waste generation.

We will continue delivering on our ambition to achieve a deforestation free supply chain.

In our tobacco supply chain, we plan to become forest positive, leveraging initiatives linked to nature based solutions and providing multiple benefits to support ecosystem restoration and enhancement.

In 2022, in accordance with our Zero Deforestation Manifesto commitments, we will expand the scope of our engagement with our paper and pulp based materials suppliers, encompassing all secondary pulp based product categories and suppliers.

We plan to certify five additional factories to the AWS standard in 2022 and to continue enhancing water efficiency and preserving water quality in our manufacturing sites.

In our tobacco supply chain, we will continue to deploy our new optimization strategy to identify the most meaningful interventions, guided by our science based approach.

World class research and development is powering PMI’s delivery of a smoke free future.

Conducting our research and development (R D) openly and transparently is of utmost importance.

When coupled with scientific integrity and rigor, transparency helps address skepticism and mistrust and fosters the sort of collaboration and cooperation needed to drive positive societal change.

Evidence resulting from robust scientific assessments advances the debate on public health and tobacco harm reduction, to the benefit of adult smokers.

At PMI, R D is the catalyst for our business transformation.

The rigor with which we conduct our R D and the openness with which we share our methodologies and findings builds confidence in our science among the scientific community, regulators, and our consumers, protects our company from reputational risk, and, most importantly, allows us to commercialize our smoke free products around the world.

Our R D work is focused on developing and scientifically substantiating smoke free alternatives to cigarettes for adults who would otherwise continue to smoke.

Eliminating combustion reduces users’ levels of exposure to harmful and potentially harmful chemicals compared to smoking.

In conducting R D, we strive for excellence in line with international standards with zero tolerance for compromise in either our scientific methods or their execution.

Decision making on R D strategy and direction is handled by specific committees at the product assessment, project design, and Board levels.

Among other responsibilities, the Board’s Product Innovation and Regulatory Affairs Committee monitors the company’s internal scientific research, including efforts to substantiate the risk reduction potential of our smoke free products.

Our President, Vectura Fertin Pharma and Chief Life Sciences Officer holds overall responsibility for our R D strategy and plans, while accountability for scientific excellence and transparency rests with our Chief Scientific Officer.

We regularly interact with an extensive network of stakeholders, including long term study partners, research partners, production site personnel, universities, suppliers, consumers, and regulators.

We adhere to high scientific standards, and our research is aligned with the U.S. Food and Drug Administration’s draft guidance on modified risk tobacco products (2012).

In conducting our studies, we aim to align with available international standards, such as applicable ISO standards, OECD’s Principles of Good Laboratory Practice, and Good Epidemiological Practices.

Importantly, all our clinical studies are conducted in accordance with the Declaration of Helsinki and the principles of Good Clinical Practice.

These standards aim to ensure the quality and integrity of nonclinical and clinical studies.

We recognize that scientific research from tobacco companies may be met with skepticism.

Sharing our science and listening to feedback are critical to encouraging debate with experts and the broader public.

We produce a regular briefing through our Scientific Update publication, which complements what we share throughout the year via articles in peer reviewed journals, presentations at conferences, and our PMIScience website.

Since 2008, we have published more than 452 papers on smoke free products in peer reviewed publications.

In 2021, we continued our Open Science conference series, hosting webinars and making the recordings available on PMIscience.

In addition, our scientists continued to present their findings at conferences and virtual events throughout the year in the fields of toxicology, aerosol engineering, and respiratory drug delivery.

By sharing our scientific data and papers, we allow the research community and broader public to gain an in depth perspective into how PMI conducts R D and our research findings.

We welcome objective studies by external stakeholders that seek to contribute to a science based debate on the important societal question of tobacco harm reduction.

To address concerns over the reproducibility of research results, we created a platform called INTERVALS specifically for tobacco harm reduction science.

INTERVALS is meant to be a comprehensive reduced risk product research repository with data from a variety of third party sources, in addition to PMI’s research data.

By promoting the sharing of protocols, tools, and data, this platform enables independent data reanalysis and collaboration.

It was designed to allow all relevant stakeholders to share and explore toxicity assessment data produced in relation to product alternatives to cigarettes.

As of the end of 2021, a total of 87 studies, 132 protocols, and 676 data sets had been published on INTERVALS since 2018.

Thirteen candidates have taken part in the two year Postdoctoral Fellowship Program at PMI Science since its inception in 2017, covering topics ranging from genome engineering to human behavioral psychology.

The program provides early career scientists with a toehold in both academia and industry.

Our R D center in Switzerland called the Cube houses the fellows, who are provided with the tools, technical skills, and methodologies they need to reach their research potential.

At the end of the two year program in 2019 and 2021, both waves of talented scientists enrolled in the program had made significant contributions to PMI’s scientific research and innovation.

Animal studies allow us to confirm in vivo what pharmacology and toxicology studies show in vitro.

We use human derived cells in vitro, but the animal studies in vivo allow us to assess scientifically the consistency of our findings.

Despite toxicology standards accepting the use of rodents, we are working to replace animal testing with non animal based testing approaches to the extent possible.

We apply the 3R guidelines: replacement, reduction, and refinement (see our Standards for Animal Testing).

We hope that in time we will be able to replace much or all animal testing with alternative methods.

Our animal welfare committee, composed of veterinary and scientific PMI professionals with ample experience in animal testing, is responsible for reviewing protocols and examining them for compliance with scientific and animal welfare criteria.

Our in vivo facility is accredited by the Association for Assessment and Accreditation of Laboratory Animal Care (AAALAC) International, which sets the gold standard in animal welfare for the use of animals in scientific research.

Our ambition to accelerate the end of cigarette smoking rests on rigorous scientific assessment, highly reliable products, and strict regulatory compliance.

Cigarette smoking causes serious health risks and disease and is addictive.

We take our duty as a manufacturer seriously to ensure that for adults who continue to smoke any additives used (e.g., flavorings) do not increase the health risks inherent to cigarette use.

For adult smokers who switch to products that do not combust tobacco, it is of paramount importance that these alternatives are scientifically substantiated to demonstrate that they present less risk to health than continued smoking, and also that they are developed, tested, and manufactured according to applicable regulations and standards to ensure consistent product integrity and quality.

Delivering a smoke free future relies on the development and commercialization of products that meet both stringent scientific requirements and technical design criteria.

Investments to maintain and continuously improve the reliability of our products enable us to protect our reputation and brand equity while complying with regulations.

Our quality management system (QMS) covers all our products: smoke free and combustible.

Governance and accountability for consistent product integrity, quality, and reliability sits at the highest management level at PMI and is guided by our QMS, as well as internal and external standards.

Our work on product integrity and reliability is mainly carried out by teams in our product development, procurement, manufacturing operations, and quality organization departments.

Their collective efforts ensure we preserve quality, from raw material to the retail shelf.

Our approach to product reliability starts with our contracted farmers and suppliers.

We work with them to secure high quality raw materials and components, applying robust procurement processes, detailed auditing, and rigorous quality assurance procedures.

Our factories are designed to manufacture our products to the highest quality standards, following the ISO 9001 certification principles.

This includes, for example, the careful selection of materials that come in contact with semifinished and finished products during manufacturing and the appropriate training of operators.

Our manufacturing quality management systems are subject to inspection by authorities and certified bodies.

Globally, a team of around 1,800 product quality associates ensures that quality assurance, control, and improvement covers incoming materials, semifinished components, and finished products across our global footprint.

Additionally, we have more than 102 corporate quality professionals who establish and embed standards throughout our QMS processes.

We supplement these measures with dedicated third party quality management programs and by placing a PMI quality assurance colleague on site at each key electronic manufacturing supplier of our smoke free devices.

Product reliability also extends to the packaging, storage, and transport of finished goods to ensure they reach the consumer in proper condition.

Packaging has a crucial role to play in this regard and also helps ensure the traceability and identification of our products so we can act promptly should issues arise.

Each packaging unit has a unique serial number that allows us to trace the entire supply chain journey, from factory to market, enabling backward traceability in the case of product quality issues.

Additionally, each device and consumables pack has a unique serial number.

In the event of a product recall (of which there were none in 2021) or an identified quality incident, we can leverage this traceability to investigate the problem and undertake any necessary containment actions in an efficient and targeted manner.

Moreover, we focus on the sustainability and longevity of our products by embedding eco design principles and post use collection schemes.

Smoke free products include heated tobacco and e vapor products, which comprise consumables and electronic devices subject to strict design controls.

The process ensures that the product is developed according to predefined and controlled criteria and demonstrates reduced toxicity compared with cigarette smoking.

Any alterations to the product are made under a strict change management process that assesses the impact of the change on the product’s quality, safety, performance, and regulatory compliance.

In addition, as part of product development, we apply use hazard analysis.

We assess the risks related to the intended use and foreseeable misuse of the product, and we implement appropriate mitigation measures.

Heat not burn devices The electronic devices for our heat not burn product are manufactured according to internal standards and ISO 9001 principles and certified according to applicable regulations and standards.

The suppliers of the devices’ electronic parts and components, including batteries, must also operate under these quality standards.

Each finished device is subject to rigorous controls before shipment.

In case of consumer complaints regarding the devices, PMI has established a thorough monitoring process enabling early detection of consumer pain points these insights are then used to improve our products and components.

Since the reliability and durability of devices contribute to sustainability outcomes, we strive to strike the right balance between extending a product’s lifetime in use (thus lowering demand on natural resources) and updating and improving the product’s effectiveness and competitiveness in the market.

Heated tobacco units IQOS heated tobacco units (HTUs) are inserted into the device holder by the consumer.

Each unit is composed of a tobacco plug (also containing a metal susceptor in the case of TEREA consumables), hollow acetate tube, polymer film filter, cellulose acetate mouthpiece filter, and filter papers.

The uniquely processed tobacco plug is made from a reconstituted blend of high quality tobacco leaves.

We disclose the ingredients of our heated tobacco units on our website.

The manufacturing of heated tobacco units demands high levels of precision and consistency.

For instance, the diameter of the unit, as well as the properties of the cast leaf, are crucial to product performance.

Heated tobacco units are also tested for stability, using standard protocols covering different temperature and humidity ranges.

The design and packaging aim to preserve product quality and safety in the various conditions to which it may be subjected (read more on PMIScience).

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 E vapor products Our e vapor devices use a cartridge containing an e liquid.

The product’s reliability depends on the integrity of the tank if the tank is tampered with, the product could fail.

We recognize a trade off between product reliability and recyclability, but prioritize safety: We use closed tank systems in the development and commercialization of e vapor products.

We also test our packaging to ensure compliance with local regulations, including the EU Tobacco Products Directive, and we engage external agencies that test the integrity and safety of our e liquid packaging.

Our combustible products are also subject to stringent product development controls.

We strictly adhere to product specifications and regulations for cigarettes and apply further internal requirements to ensure the highest quality products.

We disclose the ingredients used in our conventional products on our website.

These ingredients undergo toxicological assessment to ensure their use does not increase the inherent toxicity of cigarette smoke.

We keep abreast of strengthening or pending regulation, and a further regulatory compliance assessment is performed to ensure compliance with applicable regulations.

Besides tobacco ingredients, we use nontobacco materials such as cigarette paper, filters, and packaging materials in our products.

These materials also undergo toxicological assessment, and we assess packaging materials following the main requirements for food contact materials.

We warn consumers about the health effects of our products.

All advertising and consumer packaging for these products must contain clear and visible health warnings (read more about our marketing and sales practices here).

Heated tobacco units and e liquids are manufactured using ingredients compliant with all applicable regulatory requirements and with industry and PMI standards.

The tobacco used in our heated tobacco products is tested for the presence of crop protection agent residues to ensure it does not exceed permissible levels per industry guidelines.

Nicotine and nicotine salts used in e liquids must satisfy U.S. or European pharmacopoeia specifications.

All other ingredients (with the exception of flavoring extracts from tobacco) are either food grade or satisfy U.S. or European pharmacopoeia specifications.

We do not use any ingredients classified as carcinogens, mutagens, or reproductive toxicants.

All consumable ingredients and also non substrate material, such as the plastic and other components of cartridges that house the e liquid and the paper and other components that house the tobacco mixture are subject to rigorous toxicological risk assessment.

Therefore, so do combustible tobacco products such as cigarettes and cigars, as well as smoke free products such as oral and heated tobacco.

While e cigarettes do not contain tobacco, most do contain nicotine, which typically is extracted from tobacco.

Because it is so well known and because smoking is the most common source of nicotine uptake, people tend wrongly to attribute all the dangers of smoking to nicotine.

While nicotine is addictive and not risk free, it is not the primary cause of smoking related diseases.

These diseases primarily are associated with chronic exposure to the high level of toxic substances emitted in the smoke when tobacco is burned.

In fact, nicotine is a key ingredient in nicotine replacement therapies designed to help smokers quit smoking.

That said, nicotine is addictive, and it can be difficult to quit tobacco and nicotine containing products.

It can also cause an increase in a person’s heart rate and blood pressure.

Minors, pregnant women, nursing mothers, and people with existing conditions such as heart disease, high blood pressure, diabetes, or epilepsy should not use nicotine containing products.

Independent studies have shown the harm reduction potential of making better alternatives to cigarettes available to those adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke (read more here).

If nicotine could be provided in an amount, and with rate of delivery, acceptable to adult smokers, it could be effective as a cigarette substitute, and millions of lives could be saved.

For that to happen, adults who otherwise would continue to smoke need access to nicotine products that are less harmful alternatives to cigarettes.

Among the leaders of change are public health organizations and regulatory bodies, whose opinions and decisions impact everyone involved.

Many scientific experts and public health organizations support the role of tobacco harm reduction as a complement to existing tobacco control measures.

They also recognize the important role of nicotine in tobacco harm reduction to help smokers transition away from the use of cigarettes.

The U.K.’s Royal College of Physicians has said: Nicotine is not ... in itself a highly hazardous drug ...

It is inherently unlikely that nicotine inhalation itself contributes significantly to the mortality or morbidity caused by smoking.

The main culprit is smoke and, if nicotine could be delivered effectively and acceptably to smokers without smoke, most if not all of the harm of smoking could probably be avoided.

Nicotine plays a key role in the successful adoption of our smoke free products.

Its presence can help adults who would otherwise continue smoking to switch to less risky alternatives instead.

In addition to taste, ritual, and the sensory aspects, nicotine uptake that is comparable to cigarettes is important for adult smokers to accept novel alternatives to smoking.

Taking these aspects into consideration, we have researched and continue to develop a portfolio of smoke free products that are a better choice for adult smokers than continuing to smoke cigarettes.

We are working hard to achieve a future without cigarettes.

As society progresses toward the elimination of cigarettes, the most harmful form of nicotine delivery, there needs to also be education and a societal debate about nicotine that is grounded in science.

The world will certainly be a better place without cigarettes, but it is difficult to envision how to achieve this in a timely manner without nicotine containing alternatives that deliver an acceptable sensory experience.

We continue to analyze the risks and potential benefits of nicotine use when not in combination with combusted tobacco and share our findings to encourage a science based debate on this important societal question.

More information can be found in our eighth Scientific Update, which is dedicated to a review of nicotine.

We understand the need for, and actively work toward, commercializing tobacco and other nicotine containing products responsibly.

We aim to guard against marketing and sales of our smoke free products to nonsmokers and minimize access for underage purchasers.

Our commercialization practices support this business vision: To make adult smokers aware that better alternatives to cigarettes exist and to move those who otherwise would not quit cigarettes to our smoke free products.

Doing this responsibly by directing our marketing and sales activities toward adult smokers and providing them with accurate and relevant information about our products is fundamental to our long term success.

Read more about our sales and marketing practices here.

We conduct post market studies to understand how our products are used and by whom.

Such studies verify the results of our premarket perception and behavior assessments and monitor whether current adult smokers switch to the products, as well as whether never or former smokers use them.

By conducting post market studies, we are able to evaluate potential changes in prevalence assess initiation, relapse, and complete quit rates and compare the use of cigarettes and smoke free products.

Nicotine occurs naturally in tobacco and, at significantly lower levels, in some other plant varieties from the Solanaceae family, which includes tomatoes, potatoes, and eggplant.

It is possible to extract nicotine from tobacco, as is done to derive the nicotine contained in nicotine replacement therapy (NRT) products and e liquids for e cigarettes.

It is also possible to produce synthetic nicotine.

While this process is relatively costly, there are an increasing number of products (e liquids and nicotine pouches) that are now using synthetic nicotine.

The route of nicotine administration (e.g., via the lung, mouth, or skin) influences the speed and amount of nicotine uptake into the body.

When tobacco smoke or e cigarette aerosol is inhaled into the lung, it is rapidly absorbed into the bloodstream and can reach the brain as quickly as 10 20 seconds after the puff is taken.

Nicotine from oral tobacco products (e.g., snus, nicotine pouches, NRT gum) is absorbed into the bloodstream through oral tissues, and the nicotine concentration in the blood rises gradually, reaching a plateau in about 30 minutes.

The rise in brain nicotine concentration is slower compared with the inhalation route.

A certain amount of the orally administered nicotine is swallowed and absorbed, mostly in the small intestine, before passing to the liver, where it is metabolized (i.e., transformed to facilitate excretion of nicotine from the body).

Nicotine, when absorbed through the skin, reaches a plateau concentration in the blood more slowly than via other routes of administration.

However, the level typically is maintained for a longer period.

Once nicotine is absorbed into the circulatory system, it is distributed to all body tissues and organs, including the brain.

There, nicotine binds to specific receptor molecules, mimicking the actions of a naturally occurring brain chemical, the neurotransmitter acetylcholine.

Nicotine absorbed via the lung and oral tissues reaches the brain directly without first passing through the liver to be metabolized, whereas nicotine absorbed via the gut passes first through the liver to be metabolized and is partially excreted before reaching the brain.

Nicotine is an addictive chemical compound present in tobacco and tobacco products.

But the addictive properties of smoking involve a more complex interaction of factors than nicotine alone.

Ritual, the sensory experience, and social experiences also play a significant role in addiction.

Exposure to nicotine and the extent of its effects can also be influenced by individual differences in smoking behavior, metabolism, body mass, and genetics.

Continual use of nicotine may lead to dependence or physiological adaptations to maintain homeostasis, which are most evident in the emergence of withdrawal symptoms experienced during cessation.

In addition to other physiological responses, long term use of nicotine can induce changes in the brain’s reward and stress systems, which may manifest as anxiety, dysphoria, and other negative affect states during long term withdrawal.

Physiological dependence, coupled with altered responses from the reward and stress system, can make quitting very difficult.

The rapid uptake and delivery of nicotine to the brain’s reward system via lung delivery is thought to be a primary reason for the addictive potential of cigarettes and other inhaled tobacco products.

When someone smokes a cigarette, the nicotine levels peak quickly (in about six to 10 minutes), and then the level of nicotine drops fairly rapidly as it is metabolized.

Most nicotine replacement therapies do not provide this same pharmacokinetic profile, making them less likely to be addictive but also less likely to satisfy smokers.

Two critical factors are the dose and rate of nicotine delivery.

NRTs and other cessation products can help address nicotine withdrawal symptoms.

The use of NRTs is recommended for eight to 12 weeks, although use for six months or longer may be necessary to achieve optimal quit rates.

It makes sense to use NRTs to support smoking cessation for as long as the individual feels at risk of relapse.

NRTs, however, are not as satisfying as cigarette smoking.

Firstly, they do not provide the ritual, sensory experience, and social components that complete the experience of consuming nicotine via smoking.

Secondly, the route and speed of absorption of nicotine is different: Often, the NRTs that rapidly deliver high doses of nicotine, such as sprays and inhalators, are more satisfying to smokers than are those that slowly deliver nicotine at much lower doses, such as gums and patches.

For adult smokers who would otherwise continue to smoke, scientific innovation provides increasingly better ways to deliver nicotine while preserving the perceived benefits and enjoyment for the consumer.

Nicotine delivery from smoke free products can resemble that of a cigarette thus, these devices tend to be much more satisfying for those switching to a less harmful substitute to cigarette smoking.

Our IQOS heat not burn product is a smoke free alternative for adult smokers who would otherwise continue smoking and is not a smoking cessation product.

Nicotine plays an important role in encouraging adult smokers to switch from cigarettes to better alternatives such as IQOS.

Therefore, it is important for IQOS to have a nicotine delivery profile similar to that of a cigarette.

In two studies conducted in Japan, the peak concentration of nicotine in the blood occurred about six minutes after starting IQOS use and reached more than 88 percent of the level attained with cigarettes.

It, therefore, has an addictive potential similar to cigarettes.

But at the same time, IQOS has the potential to be a satisfying alternative to continued smoking, the most harmful form of nicotine consumption.

After reviewing the scientific package on IQOS, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) concluded, Pharmacokinetic studies show Marlboro, Smooth Menthol, and Fresh Menthol Heatsticks have nicotine delivery, addiction potential, and abuse liability similar to combusted cigarettes.

This is potentially beneficial for smokers trying to switch to IQOS as they are more likely to have satisfactory results and not resume combusted cigarette smoking.

The public health and scientific communities continue to explore ways in which nicotine, when isolated, can be used as a potential therapeutic compound.3 Scientists are studying nicotine as a possible active ingredient in pharmaceutical applications for the treatment of certain disease states as it could confer specific health benefits.

These include treatments for patients suffering from schizophrenia, depression, and anxiety disorders.

Scientists are also studying the effects of nicotine on debilitating diseases and disorders such as Tourette’s, Alzheimer’s, Parkinson’s, attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD), and others.

We believe a greater societal focus on the health impact of nicotine in isolation is needed, and we plan to play our part in furthering this understanding through our research.

We clearly define the ethical and compliance expectations we have for ourselves and for the third parties with whom we work, and we back up these expectations with governance and management systems to ensure we deliver on them.

Managing ethics is an integral part of any successful business operation, and major decisions that affect a company’s bottom line often involve questions of ethics.

We all depend on systems that apply laws fairly and protect fundamental rights.

Without the rule of law, it is difficult for companies to operate successfully.

Issues such as corruption, unfair competition, and unsafe workplaces undermine societal well being.

While following the rules is critical, it is sometimes not enough.

It can be possible to behave unethically even while complying with the law or other rules.

Good ethical judgment helps us guard against such failures and build lasting business success.

We understand that PMI’s reputation comes from the sum of our actions.

To ensure we conduct business ethically and with integrity, we maintain an Ethics Compliance (E C) program.

The program is led by our Vice President and Chief Ethics Compliance Officer, who reports to PMI’s General Counsel and also reports periodically to the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors.

Our Guidebook for Success (PMI’s code of conduct) sets clear standards and expectations.

Its mandatory provisions apply to all PMI employees, officers, and directors.

Key risk areas addressed in this document include anti bribery and anti corruption, anti competitive practices, conflicts of interest, information protection security and data privacy, responsible marketing and sales, scientific integrity, supply chain responsibility, and workplace integrity.

Internal policies called Principles Practices provide more specific guidance on these topics.

We formally evaluate our E C culture periodically, using a global online survey to understand employee experiences and attitudes related to ethical business conduct.

For the last 15 years, PMI has been surveying its global employee population every two to three years, including most recently in September 2021.

According to the 2021 E C survey results, PMI is stronger on ethics than at the time of the 2018 survey.

The global survey results showed improved or maintained performance across all categories of questions.

Most notably, we saw very high awareness among respondents of the company’s E C program, our Guidebook for Success, our compliance helpline, and the duty to speak up should concerns arise.

Analyzing the survey results helps us identify potential improvement opportunities.

Current focus areas include reinforcing the importance of employees speaking up when they observe potential misconduct, even if they think someone else will report it, and enhancing leadership communication on E C topics.

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 There is a strong speaking up culture at PMI, with most employees communicating directly with the E C department and disclosing their identity when speaking up.

Specifically, in 2021, only 22 percent of the reports received by E C were submitted anonymously.

According to the 2021 E C results, the vast majority of employees are aware of PMI’s anonymous reporting channels and do not fear retaliation for reporting potential misconduct.

These statistics indicate that employees feel comfortable speaking up and sharing their names.

In addition, the E C team continues to increase its outreach to employees on PMI’s speaking up program.

As part of our Inside E C initiative, for example, the department shares quarterly statistics with employees globally about speaking up reports, compliance violations, and disciplinary actions, as well as anonymized real life examples of misconduct and advisory guidance provided in response to employee questions.

Furthermore, in 2021, E C launched the UnmuteYourself campaign to encourage speaking up across all regions.

The initiative was championed by members of the Company Management team and resulted in management teams and employees across PMI regularly referring to speaking up during business calls.

In addition to the employee surveys, we periodically work with third parties to assess elements of our E C program, which we did in 2021 and plan to do again in 2022.

We use training and communication to help employees understand which standards are relevant to their roles and how to apply them in their daily work.

We reach broadly across the organization using multiple formats and languages.

In 2021, 71.3 percent of employees received training related to topics in the Guidebook for Success.1 Employees and third parties completed a total of 261,890 training sessions (2020: 198,170).2 Key topics addressed included workplace integrity, speaking up, conflicts of interest, responsible marketing, privacy, intellectual property, insider trading, information protection, competition law, and anti corruption.

Training completions for 2021 continue to be recorded in the first quarter of 2022, so a slight increase in these figures is expected.

At PMI, there are many ways to speak up about potential misconduct, get help on an E C matter, ask a related question, or recommend an improvement.

Mechanisms include, but are not limited to, the following: a. E C in person contacts (e.g., Regional Director, Cluster Head, E C Country Market Head) b. PMI Global E C email address c. PMI Compliance Helpline (online or by telephone), which is operated by a third party and available 24 hours a day, seven days a week, in all languages spoken at PMI (employees may use the helpline anonymously, subject to local laws and regulations).

PMI also has implemented a Global Speaking Up Policy, the principles of which are reinforced in the Guidebook for Success (PMI’s code of conduct) and in all PMI compliance policies.

At PMI, we take all reports received through our speaking up channels seriously and are committed to following up objectively and in a timely manner.

We investigate all reports that raise compliance concerns, and we involve other functions or line management to help resolve other concerns.

Corrective measures are implemented to address investigation findings, and disciplinary actions are calibrated against past actions to keep the process fair.

When investigating suspected E C violations, trained personnel adhere to PMI Investigations Standards, which are designed to ensure a fair and respectful process.

We run a post investigation quality assurance program to get feedback on how well we met these standards.

We also have a Retaliation Check program to detect, remedy, and prevent retaliation against people who speak up, which includes regular follow ups with employees who have made a report.

We also run checks to ensure year end performance assessments are fair, and we review substantial employment decisions regarding all people identified as at risk of retaliation before the decisions are implemented.

We received 929 reports of suspected misconduct in 2021 (2020: 762).

Around 43 percent of the matters that were closed in 2021 did not involve a compliance allegation and were resolved through E C advisory services or referred to line management or appropriate departments, such as our People Culture teams, for further action.

In 2021, we investigated and closed 508 cases that involved potential violations of PMI’s Guidebook for Success and compliance policies (2020: 431).

At least one violation was substantiated in 46 percent of these cases (2020: 54 percent), with theft and fraud accounting for 30 percent of all violations (2020: 22 percent), workplace integrity accounting for 22 percent (2020: 30 percent), and violations related to speaking up (such as failure to speak up or obstructing an investigation) accounting for 14 percent (2020: 20 percent).

Corrective measures and disciplinary sanctions were implemented following these investigations.

Specifically, in 2021, termination of employment accounted for 26 percent of the disciplinary actions issued from these cases, while suspension accounted for 5 percent, written warning for 32 percent, and verbal warning or counseling for the remaining 27 percent.

Ethics and integrity are core components of our culture at PMI.

We are committed to our employees, our customers, our shareholders, and our communities to conduct business in an ethical manner and in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations.

In 2022, as our company progresses further on its transformation journey, we plan to build on this solid foundation and will continue to implement and enhance our global ethics and compliance program.

Among our initiatives for this year, we will launch a new Code of Conduct, roll out global training on key compliance risks, and continue to encourage our employees to speak up in case of concerns.

Our standard is clear: We do not bribe anyone, anywhere, for any reason.

We recognize that our refusal to participate in corrupt activities may make doing business more difficult in some markets, but bribery is unacceptable at PMI.

Our anti corruption standards regulate our interactions with government officials and entities, as well as with private individuals, both directly and through third parties.

These standards prohibit all forms of bribery and facilitating payments.

They also describe acceptable forms of giving and receiving gifts or entertainment, govern political contributions, and set clear pre approval, reporting, and registration requirements.

We publicly disclose the very limited political contributions we make on PMI. com, and we follow lobbying regulations.

Protecting and promoting the rights of our stakeholders is paramount.

As a global company, we work on upholding human rights within our organization and across our value chain.

We work to ensure that human rights are respected and upheld by our business partners, including our suppliers.

Human rights are inherent to the dignity of human life and a prerequisite for society to prosper.

The United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), as well as academia and civil society, recognize that businesses can impact human rights both positively and adversely and should account for and manage these impacts.

At PMI, fostering the promotion and continuous integration of human rights considerations into our strategy, policies, and business practices is not just the right thing to do it also helps anticipate evolving legal requirements and minimizes our financial exposure and the risk of supply chain disruptions.

Further, safeguarding and promoting human rights within our value chain creates the basic environment and conditions in which our stakeholders, including our employees and workers across our supply chain, can thrive and create value.

In combination with a positive, inclusive culture and sound management, this provides the space and opportunity needed for our key business enablers of innovation, collaboration, continuous improvement, and execution.

Across our value chain, we aim to address our adverse impacts and maximize opportunities to drive positive change for people.

Setting a strong foundation and integrating mechanisms that promote respect for human rights into our organization are essential.

While this can be challenging given the scope and complexity of the issues and the breadth of our operations, we believe that human rights are an absolute and universal requirement a requirement we are committed to upholding.

We seek to continuously improve our policies and practices with respect to identifying and addressing risks and impacts to rights holders across our value chain by securing our supply of raw materials responsibly.

To strengthen our due diligence framework, proactively identify risks, and mitigate potential adverse impacts in our operations and value chain, we have set an ambition to conduct human rights impact assessments (HRIAs) in the 10 highest risk countries in which we operate by 2025.

Our HRIAs are carried out by independent expert organizations and follow a formal process aligned with the UNGPs.

They result in tailored action plans, which we monitor and report on.

Our efforts to safeguard and promote human rights underlie many of the activities and programs described throughout this report.

A dedicated cross functional team at our central operations coordinates our approach.

Remediation: We implement measures aimed at addressing adverse impacts and maximizing opportunities to drive positive change for people across our value chain.

We seek to collaborate with civil society organizations, governments, and the private sector on initiatives to design and deploy strong and impactful solutions.

Transparency: A complex global value chain brings potential human rights risks that we need to understand, manage, and continuously address.

Transparency on our progress and challenges through our annual reporting and targeted communications is key to our approach.

A sound policy framework: Our work is governed by PMI’s Commitment to Human Rights, which is complemented by other PMI policy instruments such as our Guidebook for Success, Responsible Sourcing Principles, Good Agricultural Practices, Marketing Codes, and internal policies such as our Workplace Integrity Policy.

Together, these mechanisms guide the implementation of PMI’s Commitment to Human Rights along our value chain.

Awareness raising and training help us embed those instruments and an ethos of respect for human rights within our corporate culture.

Rigorous due diligence: We have robust programs and processes in place to identify our adverse impacts across our value chain.

These include our company wide integrated risk assessment, human rights saliency mappings, and HRIAs.

We also deploy targeted due diligence programs focused on areas of potential risk, such as in our tobacco and electronics supply chains, as well as external assessments and verifications.

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 Moving forward, we will increase our reach by translating the modules into additional languages.

In addition, we hosted tailored training sessions for the executive teams in our Middle East Africa Region to raise awareness of human rights risks there and address them proactively.

Following the refresh of our global human rights saliency mapping in 2020 (see details in our 2020 Integrated Report), we undertook an analysis of our electronics supply chain, which we completed in early 2021.

In collaboration with Article One, who are leading advisers in the business and human rights arena, we mapped and prioritized salient human rights risks for our extended electronics supply chain, which includes our electronics manufacturing services and mechanical and electrical components.

This assessment validated some of our existing assumptions around potential risks and surfaced new ones that were less apparent to us.

These ranged from working hours and wage related risks in the subcontracted services supply chain, to the responsible sourcing of minerals, metals, and plastics.

We then assessed our current risk mitigation instruments and mechanisms and benchmarked them against international standards and other industry practices.

This allowed us to develop recommendations to strengthen our risk identification and response and further build our capacity to address salient risks.

The exercise demonstrated that our visibility and risk management was robust at the tier 1 and tier 2 supply chain levels, as well as for specific minerals such as cobalt and tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (3TGs) at the tier 3 level and beyond.

It highlighted PMI’s potential to influence human rights performance through direct engagement and capacity building activities, as well as through the continued integration of circularity and social responsibility principles in our product development processes.

This exercise also affirmed that our visibility into the upstream plastics supply chain and subcontracted services contracted by our tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers remains limited.

Accordingly, this is an area of opportunity for PMI to use its leverage to advance respect for human rights further upstream in the electronics supply chain.

A critical component of our due diligence framework is having independent expert organizations carry out HRIAs in our highest risk markets in accordance with the UNGPs.

After each assessment, the third party organization presents its findings and suggests ways to address issues identified.

The report is shared with the corresponding market leadership team, which develops a time bound action plan in collaboration with the relevant corporate function, assigning responsibilities for implementation and progress measurement at the local level.

The cumulative learnings from each HRIA we have conducted since 2018 along with the monitoring of their action plan implementation help us to become more demanding, professional, and sophisticated in our approach.

We aim to assess our 10 highest risk markets by 2025.

Throughout 2021, we continued monitoring the implementation of actions recommended by previous HRIAs in Mexico, Mozambique, Russia, and the Philippines.

The local teams are strengthening their internal policies and practices as they execute their action plans.

The completion of a second HRIA planned for 2021, in Malaysia, had to be postponed to 2022.

Because of the COVID 19 pandemic and related precautions, the exercise is now designed to be conducted virtually.

This has necessitated pre assessment trainings and capacity building to ensure our local colleagues are sufficiently familiar with the concept and purpose of the assessments.

Involving our local teams in the HRIAs is essential to maximize the value these assessments bring both to the market and to the rest of our organization.

Each HRIA informs the way we operate and inspires adjustments to ensure the protection and promotion of human rights.

The HRIA in Malaysia will incorporate potential human rights risks resulting from our downstream supply chain for the first time, including some of our IQOS retailers.

We kicked off the HRIA in September 2021 and plan to communicate findings in our next report.

Future assessments will be conducted in person once the public health situation allows it.

Aiming to maintain our leadership in promoting and protecting human rights, we took a collaborative approach by engaging in a multistakeholder tobacco leaf supply chain assessment in Turkey.

This unique industry wide initiative seeks to better address human rights issues on the ground by identifying synergies between stakeholders.

To ensure all countries are assessed, not just those at highest risk, we piloted a new type of HRIA process and toolkit in 2021 aimed at enabling our medium and low risk country affiliates to self identify salient human rights risks in their markets and develop action plans to address them.

The tool was piloted in our Benelux market (Belgium, the Netherlands, and Luxembourg), with a focus on identifying human rights risks before they could have a significant adverse impact.

The Benelux team developed a practical action plan with short term objectives that allowed it to meet and exceed evolving standards and stakeholder expectations across all three markets.

Our affiliate in Mexico also participated in the pilot phase of the human rights self assessments.

This exercise had a two fold objective: To account for potential risks related to the pandemic and to evaluate the status and progress of the action plan implementation following the 2018 HRIA (read more here).

The self assessment in 2021 confirmed that we had strengthened our practices across all areas identified in 2018.

Moreover, engagement with external and internal stakeholders shed light on the need to focus on three additional topics: (1) protecting employees’ work life balance while working from home (2) promoting equal conditions for women and men, considering that women are often responsible for childcare and (3) supporting employees’ mental health.

We will fine tune our self assessment toolkit with learnings from these pilots prior to rolling it out more broadly in the second half of 2022.

We recognize that climate change impacts not just the environment but also people’s economic and social well being.

Climate change has exacerbated human rights issues and disproportionately affects the most vulnerable people around the world.

In 2021, we commissioned a briefing paper (available here), prepared by our human rights advisers Article One, to explore where and how the issues of climate change and human rights intersect in the agricultural supply chain.

This is an essential step in developing coherent and inclusive strategies across our supply chain to help mitigate the impacts of climate change.

Providing access to effective grievance mechanisms in our operations and across our supply chain is a key requirement of the UNGPs and a core element of our due diligence approach.

Internally, we maintain clear policies, run regular training, and work to ensure that robust processes are in place to encourage employees to speak up if things don’t seem right or can be improved (read more here).

The same applies to our supply chain, where our Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP) specifically ask suppliers to provide their workers with easily accessible ways to raise concerns, free from risk of retaliation.

In our tobacco supply chain, our Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP) Code states: Workers should have access to a fair, transparent, and anonymous grievance mechanism.

Such mechanisms are available in some countries where we source tobacco and concerns can be raised with field technicians at any time.

We continue to review and look for opportunities to strengthen further the grievance mechanisms that exist in our operations and value chain.

We remain committed to respecting and promoting human rights across our value chain.

In 2022, we plan to review our Commitment to Human Rights to identify potential opportunities to strengthen it.

We will also translate our human rights e learning into additional languages spoken at PMI to roll it out further across our organization.

We plan to complete our HRIA in Malaysia, expanding it to assess downstream impacts, and we expect to conduct an HRIA in one additional market in 2022.

In addition, we will fine tune our human rights self assessment tool and plan to deploy it in several markets during the year.

We will analyze the recommendations generated by the human rights saliency mapping of our electronics supply chain and leverage our Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) membership to address suppliers’ RBA audit findings and other areas of improvement.

Our supply chain accounts for a significant portion of our potential social and environmental risks and impacts, which we are committed to identifying, managing, and addressing responsibly.

Our operations rely on securing high quality, cost effective, and fit for use materials and services from suppliers who are expected to adhere to PMI’s environmental, social, and governance (ESG) requirements.

In addition to strengthening regulatory compliance and preventing reputational risks, responsible supply chain management enhances our resilience and supports our ability to secure the resources needed to deliver on our company purpose.

At the same time, it acts as a lever to make tangible positive contributions to environmental and social issues.

We seek to actively engage with our suppliers to minimize our social and ecological footprint, and we strongly believe we can bring positive value to those with whom we collaborate.

We aim to purchase goods and services from suppliers at best value, commensurate with business requirements, while appropriately managing supply, financial, legal, quality, and sustainability requirements.

We seek continuously to identify and address current and potential risks while also seizing opportunities to create a positive impact in the communities in which we and our suppliers operate, thereby increasing the sustainability performance of our supply chain.

We work with suppliers and contracted tobacco farmers to achieve a solid economic performance and tangible environmental and social improvements.

Proactive engagement is key to fostering open and transparent relationships with our suppliers in which expertise is shared and built together.

We take a risk based approach, deploying tailored tools and interventions and prioritizing areas in which we can have the greatest impact.

We seek to support our suppliers in continuously improving their sustainability performance and achieving the highest standards of compliance.

We leverage our reach and understanding of our supply base to implement impactful programs and accelerate progress in our sustainability corridors, such as our efforts to tackle climate change, protect nature, and promote fair working conditions.

Our supply chain sustainability strategy is grounded in our Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP), which align with the UN Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights (UNGPs), the Ten Principles of the UN Global Compact, and International Labour Organization (ILO) Conventions.

The RSP, together with its corresponding Implementation Guidance, detail our ambitions and set process and performance standards for our suppliers of materials and services, from the direct materials used in manufacturing our products to the goods and services required to run our business.

We expect all our suppliers and in particular our critical suppliers to demonstrate high sustainability performance and compliance with the expectations of our RSP and Good Agricultural Practices (GAP). And we have set a commitment to source sustainably from all our critical suppliers by 2025.

Adherence to our RSP and GAP for our tobacco supply chain is built into our contractual agreements with suppliers.

We monitor the activities of our critical suppliers through a suite of tools, including third party assessments, on site audits, and field visits.

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 We apply tailored due diligence instruments and mechanisms within specific segments of our supply chain.

In our tobacco supply chain, our work is governed by GAP and our Agricultural Labor Practices (ALP) Code, which are operationalized at farm level by field technicians working year round with the farmers contracted by PMI and our suppliers.

Our Procurement organization leverages the work of the Responsible Business Alliance (RBA) the parent organization of the Responsible Minerals Initiative (RMI) in our non tobacco supply chain and of EcoVadis in our direct materials, indirect materials and services, technical procurement, and advanced procurement supply chains.

Our RBA membership and EcoVadis partnership allow us to operationalize and implement due diligence in these complex and dynamic segments of our supply chain.

The sustainable sourcing of goods and services involves a broad cross functional collaboration within PMI, driven by our Procurement and Leaf teams and overseen by our Senior Vice President, Operations.

With over 29,000 tier 1 suppliers across more than 180 markets, our supply chain spend amounted to approximately USD 11.1 billion in 2021.

Over the years, the management of our supply chain has proven sufficiently robust, flexible, and efficient to support our operations’ evolving needs and PMI’s business transformation.

Currently, our global supply chain supports our two main finished product streams, with a continued increase in the proportion of resources allocated to smoke free products versus combustible cigarettes (smoke free products accounted for 35 percent of our supply chain spend in 2021, up from 33 percent in 2020).

Electronics manufacturing, with the main risks relating to working conditions.

Paper and pulp based materials, with the main risks linked to deforestation, biodiversity loss, and climate change.

During the year, the supply of direct materials has been under pressure due to high demand for primary commodities, a global transportation shortage, congestion, and cost inflation, mainly driven by energy prices.

Thanks to robust business contingency plans and the efforts of our Operations team, we have been able to manage shortages to ensure stable production in our manufacturing centers.

We have also expanded our supply base to secure additional supplies and mitigate the impact of inflation.

Regrettably, the prolonged impact of the global semiconductor shortage limited our ability to realize the full potential of IQOS development and growth in 2021.

Increasing the visibility of our suppliers’ sustainability performance and implementing risk mitigation and performance improvement measures are priorities.

In recent years, we have taken critical steps to achieve and deploy tailored due diligence instruments across our direct materials, electronics, and tobacco supply chains.

Our efforts have translated into significant progress toward our 2025 ambition: During 2021, 83 percent of our critical supplier spend was sourced sustainably.

Sustainable sourcing is determined based on a minimum threshold score of 45 out of 100 in EcoVadis (for suppliers of direct materials) or 125 out of 200 in RBA (for electronics suppliers) all tobacco purchased from contracted farmers under the integrated production system is considered to be sustainable.

Critical suppliers are those that manufacture or sell components used in the manufacture of PMI finished products (including direct materials, electronic devices and accessories, and tobacco leaf).

In addition to the nature of the component, supplier’s criticality is evaluated considering spend segmentation, as well as supply flexibility, as relevant.

To strengthen our approach in 2021 further, Procurement successfully transitioned our nonelectronics supplier due diligence program to EcoVadis, the leading global service provider of online ESG supplier assessments.

This partnership allows PMI to access a vast number of suppliers’ ESG scorecards commissioned by EcoVadis users (leading global companies across industries).

During the year, 87 suppliers representing 90 percent of our total direct material spend (excluding tobacco and electronics) were assessed.

Of them, 82 percent demonstrated a high sustainability performance and compliance with our RSP, 18 percent were below the compliance level and required to complete a corrective action plan before doing a reassessment in 2022, and only one supplier will require an on site audit to be conducted in 2022.

The areas for improvement mainly related to labor and human rights, followed by environment, ethics, and sustainable procurement.

FundamentalsPhilip Morris International Integrated Report 2021 The fact based and detailed EcoVadis supplier evaluations help drive continuous improvement in the areas highlighted.

These assessments are available on the EcoVadis digital platform, which allows seamless sharing among all supplier and customer participants, creating an effective collaboration ecosystem.

To address the identified improvement opportunities, we plan to launch supplier corrective action plans in 2022.

This will be followed by reassessments and on site audits for suppliers that have more gaps to bridge.

In 2021, we also leveraged EcoVadis’ broad reach and existing supplier base to assess the sustainability performance of strategic noncritical suppliers in other procurement categories of spend, including indirect materials and services and technical procurement.

This allowed us to evaluate suppliers representing 22 percent of our indirect spend.

As our company continues to transform and build new capabilities, we monitor risks inherent to specific supply chains.

A key area of focus is our relatively new and expanding electronics manufacturing supply base in Asia.

The electronics supply chain is complex and dynamic and faces specific challenges, including the presence of conflict minerals.

Sustainability performance is an integral part of our balanced supplier program, which consolidates financial and nonfinancial performance metrics and is used in regular management reviews for business decision making.

In January 2021, we reached a major milestone: joining the RBA, the electronics industry initiative for sustainable supply chains.

During our first year of membership, we were able to leverage RBA’s best in class methodologies and tools, including members’ audit reports, to enhance significantly the evaluation and performance of our suppliers.

To increase their knowledge of best industrial practices and use of RBA tools, we engaged new suppliers in the RBA online training platform.

It covers tier 1 suppliers and PMI managed tier 2 suppliers.

By recognizing their progress, PMI and suppliers can motivate other companies within the supply chain to improve performance.

To enhance our understanding of the challenges we face, we teamed with Article One to conduct a human rights risks saliency mapping focused on our electronics supply chain.

We also participated in RBA’s Validated Assessment Program (VAP) the standard for on site compliance verification and effective, shareable audits.

Under the program, independent external auditors reviewed our electronics suppliers’ sustainability performance against our RSP.

In all, the RBA digital platform afforded us access to 31 RBA VAP audit reports covering tier 1 and tier 2 suppliers representing 69 percent of our managed electronics supply chain spend.

The initial average VAP audit score of our suppliers was 160 out of 200 compared with an RBA average of 127.

In 2022, we aim to achieve higher spend coverage of the RBA audit program to monitor PMI managed suppliers and ensure concrete corrective actions are in place where needed.

Conflict minerals In certain conflict affected and high risk parts of the world, four minerals used in consumer goods tin, tantalum, tungsten, and gold (3TGs) are sometimes mined using forced labor and used to finance armed conflict.

As a result, they have become known as conflict minerals.

Companies are expected to demonstrate how they respect human rights and avoid contributing to conflict in their mineral purchasing decisions and practices.

Our 2021 conflict minerals submission to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, covering the year ended December 31, 2020, showed that the smelters from which our suppliers source 3TGs for our Covered Products (as defined in the submission) were either conformant with the Responsible Minerals Initiative audit program (244 smelters) or were undergoing the assessment process (12 smelters).

Another mineral, cobalt, is also linked to unethical mining practices.

It is a critical raw material in the production of the batteries used in our smoke free products.

While the quantities of cobalt required for our products are minor compared with the total global market size, since 2019 we have deployed a due diligence program based on the RMI approach and tools to identify and address potential human rights risks in the supply chains of our suppliers.

In 2021, all our battery suppliers fulfilled specific reporting requirements, including furnishing information on the smelters from which they source cobalt.

Subsequent due diligence deploying additional RMI tools indicated that, as of December 31, 2021, each of the 15 smelters from which PMI battery suppliers source cobalt were on either RMI’s conformant list (11 smelters) or active list (4 smelters).

PMI defines sustainable tobacco production as the efficient and competitive production of quality tobacco in conditions that limit as much as possible the impact on the natural environment and improve the socioeconomic condition of the people and communities involved in its production.

PMI’s Good Agricultural Practices In our tobacco supply chain, production adheres to our GAP, which define the principles and measurable standards to be met by all those who grow and supply tobacco to PMI.

GAP focuses on four areas: governance, crop, environment, and people.

GAP is mandatory for all suppliers of tobacco to PMI and is reflected in the supply contracts of PMI and its affiliates.

Whether we source tobacco from farmers directly or through third party suppliers, our GAP standards and related monitoring and remediation system apply at farm level.

The absence of a clear commitment to act on issues identified, or a persistent lack of action and improvement, can lead to contractual implications for both farmers and suppliers.

PMI also reserves the right to terminate contracts immediately in cases of severe violations impacting people, the crop, or the environment.

As a consequence of our smoke free transition, the share of our purchased volume of tobacco directed to the manufacture of combustible cigarettes is steadily declining while the proportion dedicated to the production of consumables for heated tobacco products is increasing.

Overall, we are seeing a gradual decrease in total volumes sourced, as heated tobacco products use at most half the amount of tobacco required for combustible cigarettes.

These farmers were contracted either directly through our Leaf operations in five countries or by 16 third party suppliers.

Under our Living Income program (read more here), we aim to help farmers improve productivity, which may include increasing the average surface of tobacco grown per farm.

Coupled with inventories corrections and the gradual decrease in our tobacco requirements, these dynamics led to a sizeable decline in the number of farmers contracted in 2021 compared with 2020.

During the year, we sourced over 291,000 tons of packed tobacco grown across 21 countries, with most of our volume coming from Argentina, Brazil, China, and Indonesia.

Maintaining full traceability and monitoring in our tobacco supply chain To a large extent, responsible sourcing stems from strong relationships on the ground.

PMI’s Integrated Production System (IPS) connects leaf suppliers and farmers beyond the customary boundaries of a commercial relationship and enables direct technical support, agronomic advice, financial loans, and various other services.

IPS covered 98 percent of our tobacco purchases in 2021.

The excluded purchases took place in Indonesia, where an increase in tobacco demand prompted additional purchases, and in Pakistan, where the gGovernment mandated the purchase of nonallocated surplus volume to absorb unpurchased tobacco left in the market after the buying season was over.

Since 2016, we have participated in the industry wide Sustainable Tobacco Program (STP) as an additional way to evaluate our tobacco supplier performance.

In 2021, in light of the status and maturity of our programs and the high ambitions we have set to advance socioeconomic conditions in our tobacco supply chain invited us to reflect on what was needed for us to continue making progress.

This led us to make the decision to end our participation in the STP as of the end of 2021.

This will allow us to better target our resources and efforts to address the most critical challenges we face.

We remain dedicated to working closely with our suppliers who also work with other tobacco manufacturers to implement meaningful programs.

Moreover, we will continue to work directly with other industry players when appropriate to address shared challenges, such as through joint human rights impact assessments (as we did in Turkey this year, for instance read more here) and targeted projects.

IPS is vital in providing traceability and visibility in our supply base it enables the deployment of our GAP and ALP monitoring and remediation system down to the farm level.

At the center of this system are field technicians, employed by PMI or our third party suppliers, who visit each farm on average five to 10 times during the crop season and monitor how well sustainability requirements are applied and commercial processes are working.

They provide agronomic assistance, deliver training to farmers, identify and address labor issues, and ensure the implementation of improvement plans.

In 2021, field technicians allowed us to monitor compliance with GAP on all contracted farms.

In a few countries facing stringent pandemic related restrictions, farm visits were adapted and remote support was offered as needed.

The monitoring of GAP implementation can also be performed by third parties, such as specialized NGOs.

During the year, we expanded our collaboration in Brazil with Produzindo Certo, a specialist company helping farmers operate more efficiently and sustainably.

After a successful pilot carried out in 2020 with the participation of 123 farmers (read more in our 2020 Integrated Report), we extended the scope of the program in 2021 to cover nearly 2,300 farmers.

Specialists from Produzindo Certo provided each farmer a social and environmental diagnosis of their farm, as well as tailored action plans highlighting opportunities for growth and development.

Those farmers who commit to adopting the action plan and implementing its recommendations will be visited annually by Produzindo Certo technicians, who will provide assistance and monitor progress over time.

The feedback received so far from the farmers has been very positive.

They recognize that following the recommendations of this team of specialists will better prepare them for the future, making their farms more sustainable, productive, and fully compliant with market demands and local legislation.

Philip Morris Brazil has set an ambitious target to expand the program to the neighboring states of Paran and Santa Catarina, covering 100 percent of the affiliate’s farmer base.

We need to engage and influence a large number of suppliers companies with different strategies, priorities, and cultures to onboard them on our sustainability journey and jointly commit to and deliver on our ambitions.

Such partnerships are crucial to sustainability, innovation, and growth, allowing us to accelerate progress.

To strengthen and broaden these partnerships, we seek continuously to improve our collaborations with these suppliers and our knowledge of their operations.

A dedicated section of our corporate website describes our company, goals, and purpose to current and potential suppliers, reinforcing the expectations we have regarding our RSP.

To increase awareness of sustainability in our supply chain, share learnings, and maximize impact, we host virtual events, webcasts, and training sessions with strategic suppliers globally.

These events cover both general and specific topics, from supplier onboarding and our due diligence platforms to our carbon footprint reduction targets, science based targets, and partnering on our Zero Deforestation Manifesto.

In 2021, for the second consecutive year, we organized a Global Supplier Recognition ceremony, during which we honored those suppliers that demonstrated excellent performance and contributed most to PMI’s goals.

For the fifth consecutive year, CDP placed PMI on the CDP Supplier Engagement Leaderboard in recognition of our efforts and progress in engaging our suppliers in tackling climate change.

In 2022, we plan to review and update our Responsible Sourcing Principles (RSP) to ensure they stay relevant for PMI’s evolving business landscape and supply chain, align with our latest sustainability materiality assessment, and incorporate ESG megatrends such as diversity and inclusion, biodiversity, and climate change.

We also intend to expand our partnerships with EcoVadis and RBA and will consider adopting additional tools.

We will continue to use our due diligence tools to assess the performance of our suppliers and support them in making progress toward more sustainable practices.

PMI’s preferred global auditing companies, which have been vetted to ensure they meet the highest level of competence and integrity, will conduct on site audits of those suppliers of direct materials who did not demonstrate satisfactory compliance with our RSP in 2021.

Suppliers that did not achieve a sufficient EcoVadis score will be required to run corrective action plans.

If a reassessment shows these plans did not lead to an improvement of the supplier score, our global auditing partners will complete an on site audit on our behalf.

Further, we will work with businesses, partners, and multistakeholder platforms to pave the way toward greater transparency in key ESG areas and improve performance.

Our supply chain represents a large share of our environmental and social impacts, so we must work with suppliers to ensure they also improve their performance.

In particular, we will seek to gain better visibility on workers’ income levels in our supply chain in order to develop a meaningful ambition to foster living wages, as well as on the adoption of stringent science based targets to tackle climate change.

We also maintain a popular hub of resources on information security awareness, which is accessible to all employees and contractors.

These resources not only focus on good security practices to protect user accounts and data from cyber risk, but also help our team remain vigilant to the indirect risks that can arise from activities like online shopping or connecting to wireless networks.

To support our employees working remotely, we have adapted our network and systems and have released guidance to help remote workers to secure internet connections and manage paper documents outside our offices.

PMI has a sophisticated and integrated program to manage cyber risks, to protect PMI’s data, and to safeguard the privacy of consumers and customers.

In today’s data driven world, data protection and cybersecurity are key.

At PMI, we use an array of state of the art security solutions that are supported by experts to help prevent, detect, and respond to events.

Together with our Guidebook for Success, internal policies and guidelines govern our activities.

They provide our company with clear guidelines on how to tackle our everyday work in a manner that is consistent with our values.

In particular, PMI’s global policy on data privacy sets a standard for privacy governance and accountability.

PMI’s Global Privacy Program (GPP) sets standards for data privacy and security across markets and functions.

It governs the collection, processing, and sharing of personal data by PMI affiliates.

Our privacy team regularly reports to PMI’s Corporate Risk Governance Committee on the business’ adherence to the GPP.

We use information systems to help manage business processes, and collect and interpret data.

We also use these to communicate internally and externally with employees, suppliers, consumers, and customers.

Specialist third party service providers manage some of our information systems and we work with internal specialists to protect systems and data from unauthorized access.

Employees and contractors play a fundamental role in protecting data.

By being aware of potential threats and reacting to them appropriately, our community can help keep PMI secure.

In 2021, we provided our workforce with renewed training to assist everyone with identifying and reacting to key cyber threats such as phishing and social engineering attempts.

We complement our training with regular simulated phishing campaigns addressed to our entire workforce to help everyone to practice recognizing and reporting phishing attempts and to identify any weaknesses in advance of any real attempts that the business might face.

To achieve the common goal of a safe, functional, and prosperous society, governments worldwide must have the financial resources to fund public goods, services, and infrastructure.

Corporate income tax and other taxes can generate necessary revenues and avoid passing the bill for funding today’s society to future generations.

Taxes can also ensure that societal costs are reflected in a product’s price for instance, in the case of fossil fuels and combustible tobacco products thereby encouraging consumers and producers of these products to shift to less harmful options.

PMI is a good corporate citizen everywhere we operate.

Paying taxes commensurate with our economic activities is not only our duty but the responsible thing to do and a key component of our social contract in every country in which we do business.

The table below provides an overview of the 2021 corporate income tax, excise taxes, VAT, and sales taxes reported by PMI and its affiliates in the countries where we operate.

In addition to the taxes reported by PMI legal entities, our importers or distributors in many countries are responsible for paying import duties and excise taxes on our products.

Though such payments may not appear in PMI’s financial statements, they represent a portion of the product taxes paid by our consumers worldwide and so are also included in the table below.

PMI has implemented governance arrangements that set out clear accountabilities for the management of tax compliance risks and tax planning.

We maintain a comprehensive, effective, and practical risk management program with shared best practices, a structured and documented control framework, appropriate planning, and coordinated decision making.

Roles and responsibilities: Clear definitions of roles and responsibilities are formalized in each PMI affiliate per PMI’s Tax Compliance Program.

Escalation to and involvement of the PMI Tax department: In accordance with PMI’s policies, PMI affiliates consult with the PMI Tax department on all important transactions, whether recurring or new, as well as on business structures or operations with other PMI affiliates or unrelated parties, and together determine positions, exposures, or actions regarding material, non routine tax, or customs matters.

Where there is sufficient uncertainty over the tax treatment of a particular transaction or a potentially significant impact, PMI obtains external advice.

Tax reporting and procedures: PMI’s Tax Standards and Guidelines are designed to ensure that effective and predictable tax compliance and control measures are in place.

Under these policies, all tax filing obligations must be accurately completed on a timely basis and in accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Documentation and tax records: Under PMI’s policies, PMI affiliates are responsible for the appropriate creation and retention of all relevant local tax records.

PMI very much supports the work of the Organisation for Economic Co operation and Development (OECD) and Group of Twenty (G20) to prevent tax base erosion and profit shifting.

PMI’s policies and practices ensure that we pay taxes commensurate with our economic activities and substance in each country.

We do not engage in aggressive tax planning, abuse tax havens, or have in place any contrived tax structures.

PMI conducts all intercompany transactions on an arm’s length basis, in accordance with current OECD principles, and we support greater transparency between taxpayers and tax authorities.

When it is relevant and feasible, we have upfront conversations with tax authorities in the countries where we operate.

In certain instances, we obtain tax rulings to provide a higher level of certainty not just for PMI, but also for the tax authorities.

However, such rulings are not the only means of securing transparency and certainty.

For example, in several countries, we have joined monitoring programs with tax authorities.

These programs promote ongoing and transparent relations between taxpayers and tax authorities.

Eliminating illicit trade is a long standing priority for PMI.

Illicit trade including possible contraband and counterfeit smoke free consumables and electronic devices is often associated with organized crime, corruption, and human rights abuses.

It exacerbates inequality, fuels crime, increasingly serves as a vehicle to launder money through sophisticated trade based schemes, and even funds terrorism.

It also diminishes government revenues, which potentially impedes sustainable development by lowering spending on public services and civil infrastructure.

Illicit trade is prevalent in the tobacco sector, with 10 to 12 percent of cigarettes smoked worldwide estimated to be illicit, causing governments to lose USD 40 to 50 billion in tax revenue each year.

Illicit trade also has serious consequences for the consumers who purchase these products, particularly due to low quality standards, unknown composition, and the lack of reliability of counterfeit products.

To succeed in our mission of delivering a smoke free future, we must ensure there are no illegal actors sustaining a black market for cigarettes and other tobacco products.

In a smoke free future, there should be no place for illicit trade.

You can learn more about our efforts in this area on our dedicated illicit trade prevention page on PMI.com.

To combat fakes and prevent the smuggling and counterfeiting of our products, we focus our efforts on securing our supply chain and leveraging technology and innovation to protect our products.

These internal efforts are coupled with strong cross sectoral collaboration.

Illicit trade is a high profit, low risk crime that needs to be tackled by public private coalitions able and willing to drive change.

We support the objectives and principles of the WHO Framework Convention on Tobacco Control (FCTC) Protocol to Eliminate Illicit Trade in Tobacco Products because we believe that effective regulation is fundamental to achieving progress.

For several years, we have successfully applied a risk based approach to prevent and fight the diversion of our products.

PMI’s Anti Diversion Governance Committee, which includes senior executives from the Finance (central and regions), Risk Controls, Law, Ethics Compliance, Commercial, and External Affairs functions, has corporate oversight on diversion risk prevention for our products.

We also have a dedicated global team of specialists in illicit trade prevention (ITP).

In 2021, we pursued the enhancement of our set of anti diversion measures and controls, which are deployed in 20 markets identified as high risk for illicit trade.

We continued expanding the coverage of our tracking and tracing processes and technologies reaching 140 countries and several factories, covering new fulfillment centers and reverse logistics hubs.

We collaborated with partners such as the Munich Security Conference, the International Institute for Strategic Studies, the OECD Task Force on Countering Illicit Trade (TF CIT) and the BIAC Expert Group on Anti Illicit Trade, the Italian Institute for International Political Studies, and Rome MED Mediterranean Dialogues, as well as with nonprofit organizations such as Concordia, to tackle systemic issues.

We also continued to support law enforcement agencies by inspecting and authenticating seized products, performing illicit products forensic evaluation and profiling, sharing intelligence on emerging routes and trends shaping the black market, and training officials on the innovative authentication and security features we use to protect our products.

As new technologies emerge, we make it a priority to understand how we can leverage them to eliminate fakes and the contraband of our products, further secure our supply chain, and deter illegal actors from deceiving consumers.

As our portfolio shifts toward smoke free products, we are incorporating into our internal product standards illicit trade prevention requirements to protect our smoke free devices and consumables.

These requirements may include both visible and invisible elements on the device or critical components and tamper proof security features.

In addition to product standards, we include strict provisions in our contracts (e.g., anti diversion and anti counterfeiting clauses with our distributors and suppliers) and robustly controlled reverse logistics processes for our electronics products based on centralized inspection and recycling.

We embed product authentication checks in critical processes such as in market product return and consumer care processes, as well as at the PMI reverse logistics hubs (CIRCLE), allowing us to identify suspected counterfeit devices and remove them from the supply chain.

As we launch smoke free products in additional geographies, our global ITP experts provide training to relevant markets to raise awareness of diversion and counterfeiting risks.

We also support and fund external organizations through our PMI IMPACT global initiative, launched in 2016.

By sponsoring third party projects aimed at addressing illegal trade, we are fostering and mobilizing a network of like minded organizations and institutions around this global issue.

In 2021, PMI IMPACT launched its third funding round.

The new round, which will close its call for submissions in August 2022, is focused on a wide range of topics, including capacity building, restorative justice and victim protection, and international cooperation.

We also launched a video series in 2021 explaining the scale and issue of illicit trade, highlighting the role PMI IMPACT plays in this fight, and raising the profile of selected grantees.

To date, PMI IMPACT has allocated a combined USD 48 million for the implementation of 60 projects in 30 countries as part of the initiative’s first and second funding rounds.

Three pillars need to thrive in 2022: public private partnerships to ensure sustainable solutions, technological innovation as a disruptor of criminal operations, and enforcement that imposes concrete penalties against those involved in illicit activities.

We need to work tirelessly to change perceptions and show the real life consequences of illicit trade because we are not just talking about an intellectual property or a tax evasion issue: Illicit trade harms consumers, destabilizes communities, and poses a broader threat to peace and security.

We are pleased to share our 2021 Integrated Report, which follows our 2020 Integrated Report (published in May 2021) and constitutes our seventh consecutive annual disclosure incorporating ESG content.

This report describes our company’s progress in delivering on its purpose.

The report content is shaped by a formal sustainability materiality assessment conducted in 2021, which incorporates an assessment of our company’s impacts on society and the planet, an evaluation of the potential impact of various ESG factors on our enterprise value, and the perspectives of diverse stakeholder groups.

We have structured our ESG topics around two pillars: product impact and operational impact.

Those topics pertaining to the social impacts of our products are considered most material.

These and other material ESG topics form the basis of our strategy, which is organized into eight environmental and social priorities and nine related governance factors.

This report provides information on context, relevance, management approach, targets, performance, and outlook for our strategic priorities.

It is complemented by case studies and additional materials available on PMI.com.

Unless otherwise indicated, the data and information in this report cover our operations worldwide for the full calendar year 2021 or reflect the status as of December 31, 2021.

Unless explicitly stated, the data and information in this report do not incorporate acquisitions made by PMI during 2021 of Fertin Pharma A S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic, Inc. Where not specified, data come from PMI financials, nonfinancials, or estimates.

PricewaterhouseCoopers SA (PwC) has provided independent assurance on select Business Transformation Metrics, available on pages 35 and 232 233.

For more details, see the Independent Assurance Report on page 245.

SGS has provided external verification of our environmental and health and safety data (including our 2021 GHG emissions data).

The verification statements are available on PMI.com.

This report was completed with oversight from PMI’s Board of Directors and reviewed by its Executive Chairman, as well as by all members of our Sustainability Committee composed of Company Management members, including our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Senior Vice President and General Counsel.

Additional information about our sustainability work, including previous reports and policies, is available in the Sustainability Resources area of PMI.com.

This report has been prepared in accordance with the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) Standards: Core Option.

We consider the principles and standards of the UN Global Compact (UNGC) when compiling our annual integrated report and map them against GRI indicators in our GRI Index.

Our SDG Index describes how our work and ambitions align with the UN SDGs at the Target level.

Finally, this report addresses some of the recommendations of the Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD). Our reporting to CDP covers most of the remainder of these recommendations, and we seek greater alignment each reporting year.

We take into account guidance from the Value Reporting Foundation (VRF), including use of its SASB Standards, Integrated Thinking Principles, and Integrated Reporting Framework.

While we considered the World Economic Forum (WEF IBC) Core ESG metrics during preparation of this report, we did not include a separate index this year to avoid overlap in disclosures and in anticipation of its consolidation within the International Sustainability Standards Board (ISSB) recently convened by the IFRS Foundation Trustees.

At PMI, we understand the value of participating in ESG ratings: It helps us assess our sustainability performance, benchmark ourselves against our peers, and, most importantly, identify areas for improvement.

The credibility of the methodology and our ability to interpret and use the results.

Recognition of the rating among the investor community, as well as participation by our competitors and peers.

Its value as a learning opportunity, including a sufficient feedback loop to allow us to improve over time.

Resources required, which should not undermine our company’s focus on performance improvement.

The organization’s openness to dialogue, allowing us to understand expectations and results, share knowledge, correct factual inaccuracies, and provide input on ratings enhancements.

PMI was selected for the second year in a row as a member of the Dow Jones Sustainability Index North America and improved its corporate sustainability assessment score by 9 points versus 2020 (score as of January 21, 2022).

PMI maintained its Medium ESG Risk classification, improving its score to achieve an ESG Risk Rating of 22.9 (a Sustainalytics score of zero out of 100 represents the lowest ESG risk score as of October 6, 2021).

PMI maintained a rating of BBB in the MSCI ESG Rating assessment (score as of September 22, 2021).

PMI was awarded a Triple A score for the second consecutive year in recognition of its efforts to combat climate change, protect forests, and promote water security.

PMI earned a place on CDP’s Supplier Engagement Leaderboard for the fifth consecutive year.

PMI was included for the second year in a row in the Bloomberg Gender Equality Index (GEI) for its transparency in gender reporting and advancing women’s equity.

PMI scored 60 100, based on its ESG Profile Score (57 100) and Preparedness Opinion ( Adequate ).

The former is based on entity specific scores and sector region scores (score as of May 13, 2021 report available here).

C score, achieving industry leadership (2019 score assessment is expected to be updated in 2022).

Outperformer within the tobacco industry industry average score of 57 (score as of March 1, 2022).

Investors and other financial stakeholders place an increasing value on reliable, robust, and timely measures of ESG performance.

While ESG ratings can play an important role, their inherent limitations and the desire to take a more sophisticated approach on par with financial analysis means they are but one part of the input dataset for many institutional investors.

Through this integrated report, and the ever strengthening processes and initiatives that underpin it, we aim to provide a holistic and extensive view of our performance across the most material ESG issues for our business.

This is well demonstrated by our new Sustainability Index, which meaningfully aligns ESG performance with internal and external incentives.

In 2021, PMI published its Business Transformation Linked Financing Framework, which integrates the company’s smoke free transformation into its financing strategy.

The KPIs selected for the framework directly measure and respond to the focus of PMI’s sustainability and corporate strategy and the company’s most material sustainability topic: , which integrates the company’s smoke free transformation into its financing strategy.

The KPIs selected for the framework directly measure and respond to the focus of PMI’s sustainability and corporate strategy and the company’s most material sustainability topic: Addressing the health impact of its products.

PMI’s financing framework is aligned with the five core components of the Sustainability Linked Bond Principles published by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) in June 2020.

It also takes into account the Sustainability Linked Loan Principles, published by the Loan Market Association (LMA) in May 2021.

The framework was validated by S P Global Ratings, which provided a second party opinion (SPO). The SPO recognized the chosen KPIs and related sustainability performance targets (SPTs) as material, measurable, ambitious, regularly reported, and externally verified in line with both the ICMA and LMA principles.

A business transformation linked financing instrument was issued in September 2021.

PMI’s Integrated Report 2020 was included among the top ten reports globally according to the 2021 Reporting Matters publication by the World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD).

PMI has been certified by the Top Employers Institute as a Global Top Employer for the fifth year in a row.

PMI was included in S P Global’s 2022 Sustainability Yearbook, receiving two sustainability awards: Global Silver Class and Industry Mover.

The certification verifies that organizations have sustainable policies and practices to ensure that they pay their male and female employees equally for equal work.

The 2021 metrics marked with an asterisk ( ) are subject to PwC’s Assurance Report (see page 245).

Smoke free products include heated tobacco units, e cigarettes, snus, and nicotine pouches.

In 2022, we plan to evaluate our published targets to ensure they remain ambitious, reasonable, and achievable in the context of a dynamic and evolving smoke free industry.

Adjusted R D expenditure excludes asset acquisition cost related to OtiTopic, Inc. in 2021.

Total reported R D expenditure in 2021 including these items amounted to USD 617 million.

Comparable data for years prior to 2018 are not available as the scope of R D positions changed following company organizational changes.

IP5 jurisdictions are Europe (patents granted by the European Patent Office), China, South Korea, Japan, and the U.S.

Investments reflect research, product and commercial development, production capacity, scientific substantiation, and studies on adult smoker understanding.

Figure does not include commercial deployment costs.

Number of factories fully or partially dedicated to smoke free products includes seven factories related to heated tobacco unit production and one factory related to e vapor consumables production.

References to the number of SKUs are based on the latest available data and categorization of our product portfolio into SKUs, therefore a minor restatement in previous years’ data is reflected.

Note: As part of maintaining share in combustibles, remaining competitive on product range in line with consumer preferences best positions us to retain access to adult smokers and increase our capability to switch them to smoke free products.

Data reflect status by the end of respective year.

In 2021, we evolved our methodology to estimate the total number of users of PMI smoke free products, in order to better reflect the number of users for which PMI HTU represented at least a portion of their daily tobacco consumption over the past seven days.

Unavailability of sufficiently granular data did not enable us to restate figures for years prior to 2020.

We also fine tuned our methodology to estimate the number of users who have switched to PMI smoke free products and stopped smoking, in order to reflect the conversion rate of our total user base at year end, and restated 2020 data accordingly.

Indicator introduced in 2021, replacing the indicator number of compliance training sessions conducted on PMI’s Marketing Code, following the release of new Marketing Codes.

In 2021, we evolved our minimum requirements for effective youth access prevention (YAP) programs in indirect retail channels.

Proportion of shipment volumes covered by markets with anti littering program in place for combustible cigarettes Number of affiliates participating in World Cleanup Day Number of affiliates with anti littering strategy Number of anti littering initiatives conducted l s e b a m u s n o c d n a s e c i v e d e e r f  e k o m i g n g a k c a.

In 2021 we defined the minimum criteria which must be met by each market to be considered as having an anti littering program in place.

We will begin reporting progress on this new indicator in 2022.

Given the long term nature of this aspiration, we have developed internal metrics based on key milestones that will allow us to track our progress in the interim years leading up to our 2025 aspiration.

In 2021, the effective recycling rate is calculated as the actual recycling rate in Hungary and Japan, multiplied by the IMS coverage of these hubs plus the theoretical recycling rate in the newly established Russian hub, multiplied by the IMS coverage of the Russian market.

In 2021 we defined the minimum criteria which must be met by each market to be considered as having a take back program in place.

We will begin reporting progress on this new indicator in 2022.

Includes portfolio volume mix and inventory movement.

Reporting and performance i g n e b  l l e w d n a.

Presentation of information and data aligns with guidance of GRI standard 102 8 (2016).

Note: The 2021 indicators in the above table are calculated based on 68,547 PMI employees, which excludes PMI 2021 acquisitions in wellness and healthcare.

Incorporating 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma A S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic Inc. PMI employed approximately 69,600 people worldwide at year end.

Select 2021 health and safety metrics are subject to external verification by SGS (see the External Verification Statement here).

In 2021 we updated our methodology to expand scope and cover employees on long term leave (over 30 calendar days) we have restated historical data accordingly.

The indicator was updated based on new information available, so a slight shift in previous years’ data is reflected.

Note: Our 2021 farm level ALP monitoring data cover 20 out of the 21 countries from which we sourced in 2021 data exclude Switzerland, where we sourced from approximately 120 tobacco farmers in 2021.

Includes all prompt actions raised and self declared nonconformities reported for all contracted farms monitored for child labor.

Includes children of any age found to be involved in hazardous work.

Due to restoration of at risk forest Contribution to forest positive.

Note: Select 2021 waste and water related metrics for our manufacturing sites are subject to external verification by SGS (see the External Verification Statement here).

In 2021, we updated our methodology to account for the conversion factor of heated tobacco units to conventional cigarettes of 5:1 and have restated historical data accordingly.

Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline CO2e emissions from fleet (kg CO2e per km driven) Proportion of hybrid or electrical vehicles in our fleet.

Absolute CO2e scope 3 (in thousands of metric tons) Absolute reduction versus 2019 baseline.

Note: Our inventory of GHG emissions (scope 1, 2, and 3) in 2021 is subject to external verification by SGS (see the External Verification Statement for scope 1 2 here and for scope 3 here).

Intensity is measured in CO2e per million shipped cigarette equivalent.

In 2021, we reviewed our carbon footprint model, taking into account more primary data from suppliers and updating our methodology, leading to more accurate figures for our scope 3 emissions.

We have restated our 2019 and 2020 data according to the new model.

Other figures that include scope 3 emissions have also been restated.

Note: Training and cases are updated based on new information available, so a slight shift in previous years’ data is reflected.

In 2021, we adjusted our methodology to exclude employees who are no longer employed by PMI as of December 31, 2021.

Average score: Environment Average score: Ethics Average score: Social Average score: Sustainable procurement.

Average RBA score achieved by electronics suppliers.

Of tier 2 electronics suppliers assessed at supplier level, the number of site level self assessments completed.

As of 2021, following the transition of our due diligence program, sustainable sourcing is determined based on a minimum threshold score of 45 out of 100 in EcoVadis (direct materials) or 125 out of 200 in RBA (electronics).

All tobacco purchased by contracted farmers, thereby covered by PMI’s integrated production system, is considered sustainable.

In 2021, we transitioned our supply chain due diligence assessments to the EcoVadis and RBA platforms.

This figure represents the number of completed assessments on these platforms to date.

In 2022, we will work to expand the scope of the assessments to additional critical suppliers.

EcoVadis assessment, or the results of on site audit from RBA. Comparable historic data not available due to transition of due diligence platforms in 2021.

In 2022 we will work to expand the scope of the assessments to additional critical suppliers.

They are determined based on key parameters such as PMI’s footprint and the country’s human rights risk profile, as determined by internationally recognized organizations.

Note: Data cover PMI combustible tobacco products and smoke free product consumables and devices.

While our internal rules mandate a unique code on every pack (hence 100% mentioned), some exceptions remain, which are managed and reviewed with the impacted markets on an annual basis.

Note: As of 2021, we no longer report on indicators related to sbv IMPROVER which was an initiative executed by PMI between 2011 and 2020, with the scope of verifying methods and concepts in systems biology used at PMI R D. More information can be found in sbv IMPROVER (intervals.science).

We have been engaged by Management to perform assurance procedures to provide limited assurance on the specified Key Performance Indicators in the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 of Philip Morris International Inc. and subsidiaries (’PMI’) for the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021.

The specified Key Performance Indicators ( KPI ) forming part of the Business Transformation Metrics of PMI for the financial year ended December 31, 2021 are included in the Integrated Report 2021 and comprises the following in our scope: a.

The following Business Transformation Metrics as disclosed on pages 35 and 232 of PMI’s Integrated Report for the year ended December 31, 2021, respectively.

Number of factories producing smoke free products out of total number of factories.

Number of markets where smoke free products are available for sale.

Proportion of markets where smoke free products are available that are low and middle income markets.

Smoke free product shipment volume (billion units).

Combustible product shipment volume (billion units).

Change in combustible product shipment volume vs 2015 baseline.

Smoke free product shipment ratio (smoke free total).

Total numbers of users of PMI smoke free products (in millions).

Estimated number of users who have switched to PMI smoke free products and stopped smoking.

Number of markets where adjusted net revenues from smoke free products exceed 10% of adjusted total net revenues.

Number of markets where adjusted net revenues from smoke free products exceed 50% of adjusted total net revenues b.

Transformation Framework for the preparation of the specified Key Performance Indicators in Business Transformation Metrics Report published on pages 35, 232 and 248 to 251 (Glossary).

The Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 was prepared by Management of PMI based on the Business Transformation Linked Financing Framework (or Business Transformation Framework in short) and made available under https: www.pmi.com investor relations overview business transformation linked financing framework ).

Further, PMI defines the calculation of the specified KPIs (together the suitable Criteria ) in the footnotes on pages 35 and 232 as well as in the Glossary (page 248 to 251) in the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting.

The maintenance and integrity of PMI’s website and its content are the responsibility of the Management the work carried out by the assurance provider does not involve consideration of the maintenance and integrity of the PMI’s website, accordingly, the assurance providers accept no responsibility for any changes that may have occurred to the reported Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 since they were initially presented on the website.

The accuracy and completeness of the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 are subject to inherent limitations given their nature and methods for determining, calculating and estimating such data.

In addition, some KPIs are derived from different frameworks to form the Business Transformation Metrics, thus the quantification of some selfdefined KPIs is subject to inherent uncertainty because of incomplete scientific definition or knowledge used to determine factors related to such KPIs and the values needed to combine.

Our assurance report will therefore have to be read in connection with the Business Transformation Linked Financing Framework prepared by PMI, its definitions and procedures in the document Business Transformation Framework and the footnotes on pages 35 and 232 and glossary (page 248 to 251) in the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting.

Management is responsible for preparing the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 in accordance with suitable Criteria.

This responsibility includes the design, implementation and maintenance of the internal control system related to the preparation of the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 that are free from material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error.

We are independent of PMI in accordance with the International Code of Ethics for Professional Accountants (including International Independence Standards) issued by the International Ethics Standards Board for Accountants (IESBA Code).

We have fulfilled our other ethical responsibilities in accordance with the IESBA Code, which is founded on fundamental principles of integrity, objectivity, professional competence and due care, confidentiality and professional behaviour.

PricewaterhouseCoopers SA applies International Standard on Quality Control 1 and accordingly maintains a comprehensive system of quality control including documented policies and procedures regarding compliance with ethical requirements, professional standards and applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

Our responsibility is to perform a limited assurance engagement and to express a conclusion on the specified Key Performance Indicators in the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021.

We conducted our engagement in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) Assurance engagements other than audits or reviews of historical financial information’.

Those standards require that we plan and perform our procedures to obtain limited assurance whether anything has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 are not free from material misstatement.

Based on risk and materiality considerations, we performed our procedures to obtain sufficient and appropriate assurance evidence.

The procedures selected depend on the assurance practitioner’s judgement.

A limited assurance engagement under ISAE 3000 (Revised) is substantially less in scope than a reasonable assurance engagement in relation to both the risk assessment procedures, including an understanding of internal control, and the procedures performed in response to the assessed risks.

Consequently, the nature, timing and extent of procedures for gathering sufficient appropriate evidence are deliberately limited relative to a reasonable assurance engagement and therefore less assurance is obtained with a limited assurance engagement than for a reasonable assurance engagement.

We permit the disclosure of our report, in full only and in combination with the suitable Criteria, to enable Management to demonstrate that they have discharged their governance responsibilities by commissioning an independent assurance report over the specified Key Performance Indicators tables in Business Transformation Metrics, without assuming or accepting any responsibility or liability to any third parties on our part.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, we do not accept or assume responsibility to anyone other than the Management of Philip Morris International Inc. for our work or this report.

Interviewing PMI representatives responsible for the internal reporting and data collection.

Test samples from PMI operations concerning the completeness, accuracy, consistency and classification.

Inspecting relevant documentation on a sample basis, including PMI policies, management reporting structures and documentation.

Reviewing and assessing the management reporting processes for Business Transformation Metrics data and consolidation and their related controls.

We believe that the evidence we have obtained is sufficient and appropriate to provide a basis for our conclusion.

Based on the work we performed, nothing has come to our attention that causes us to believe that the specified Key Performance Indicators on the pages 35 and 232, respectively, (the metrics with an asterisk ( )) in the Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 of PMI for the period from January 1, 2021 to December 31, 2021 are not, in all material respects, in accordance with the Business Transformation Framework and the footnotes on pages 35 and 232 as well as in the Glossary (page 248 to 251).

This report is prepared for, and only for, the Board of Directors of Philip Morris International Inc. and solely for the purpose of reporting to them on the specified Key Performance Indicators tables in Business Transformation Metrics Reporting 2021 and no other purpose.

We do not, in giving our conclusion, accept or assume responsibility (legal or otherwise) or accept liability for, or in connection with, any other purpose for which our report including the conclusion may be used, or to any other person to whom our report is shown or into whose hands it may come, and no other persons shall be entitled to rely on our conclusion.

Combustible tobacco product, or combusted tobacco product A manufactured consumable product that combusts tobacco and or generates smoke inhaled directly by the user when it is used as intended.

Downstream supply chain Those stages in the supply chain in which materials (mostly in the form of finished products) flow away from the organization to the customers consumers.

E liquids A liquid solution that is used in with e cigarettes.

E liquids contain different levels of nicotine in a propylene glycol and or vegetable glycerin based solution with various flavors.

Employee resource groups, or ERGs Employee led groups that focus on particular dimensions of diversity and are intended to provide a platform for building a sense of belonging and sparking conversations.

Gender pay gap Calculated as the percentage difference between the sum of annual base salary, bonus, and stock options.

Management positions The term we generically use to refer to all positions in a defined salary grade (10) and above, regardless of their job title or function.

Net revenues related to combustible products The operating revenues generated from the sale of these products, including shipping and handling charges billed to customers, net of sales and promotion incentives, and excise taxes.

PMI Regions We manage our business in six geographical segments and an Other category: the European Union region (EU) the Eastern Europe region (EE) the Middle East Africa region (ME A), which includes PMI’s international Duty Free business the South Southeast Asia region (S SA) the East Asia Australia region (EA A) the Americas (AMCS) and Other, which includes our third quarter 2021 acquisitions of Fertin Pharma A S, Vectura Group plc., and OtiTopic, Inc.

Smoke free products, reduced risk products (RRPs), or noncombusted alternatives (NCAs) The terms we use to refer to products that present, are likely to present, or have the potential to present less risk of harm to smokers who switch to these products versus continuing smoking.

PMI has a range of smoke free products in various stages of development, scientific assessment and commercialization.

PMI’s smoke free products contain and or generate far lower quantities of harmful and potentially harmful constituents than found in cigarette smoke.

Total IQOS users The estimated number of legal age (minimum 18 years) users of PMI heat not burn products, for which PMI HTUs represented at least a portion of their daily tobacco consumption over the past seven days.

Note: The above IQOS user metrics reflect PMI estimates, which are based on consumer claims and sample based statistical assessments with an average margin of error of 5% at a 95% Confidence Interval in key volume markets.

The integrated Total Recordable Incident Rate (or iTRIR) covers PMI employees, contracted employees, and contractors.

Living income benchmark studies are studies conducted in specific regions or areas to estimate the net annual income required for a household to afford a decent standard of living for all members of that household.

Living Income Reference Values represent a living income for typical families in rural (or urban) areas of low income and middle income countries.3 Reference Values provide a credible estimate of living wage or income at a country level, for rural and urban areas.

They offer an insightful reference beyond the currently available indicators for many countries, which are mostly limited to poverty lines and minimum wages.

Farmer income studies are conducted, through third party service providers, to assess all legal income sources of contracted farmers within PMI’s tobacco supply chain, including tobacco, complementary crops, and off farm income.

Since they are based on a statistical analysis, they have a margin of error for typical rural (or urban) areas of a country, which is generally around 10% using a 95% confidence interval.

Sources: Living Income Reference Values livingincome (living income.com) and Anker Living Wage and Living Income Reference Values Global Living Wage Coalition.

A living income and living wage are both about achieving a decent standard of living.

A living income is the net annual income required for a household to afford a decent standard of living for all its members and applies to, for example, self employed farmers.

A living wage is applied in the context of hired workers (e.g., in factories or on farms) (source: The Global Living Wage Coalition).

A minimum legal wage, as defined in PMI’s ALP Code, is a wage for all workers (including temporary, piece rate, seasonal, and migrant) that meets, at a minimum, the national legal standard or formalized agricultural benchmark standard.

An agricultural benchmark may be formalized where a minimum legal wage is not available or applicable to a specific context.

Child labor, as defined by the ILO, is work that deprives children of their childhood, their potential, and their dignity, and that is harmful to physical and mental development.

Under PMI’s ALP Code, the minimum age for admission to work is not less than the age at which compulsory schooling is completed and, in any case, is not less than 15 years or the minimum age accepted by the country’s laws, whichever age limit affords greater protection.

No person below age 18 should be involved in any type of hazardous work.

In the case of family farms, a child may only help on the farm provided that the work is non hazardous, and the child is at least 13 years old or above the minimum age for such work as defined by the country’s laws, whichever affords greater protection.

Hazardous work means work that, by its nature or by virtue of when or where it is carried out, is likely to harm the health, safety, or morals of children or others.

The following can, for example, be hazardous, particularly without the proper PPE: applying crop protection agents (CPA) stalk cutting stringing carrying heavy loads working with sharp tools working in extreme temperatures and working after dark.

Green tobacco sickness, or GTS, is a type of nicotine poisoning caused by the absorption of nicotine from the surface of wet, fresh, green tobacco leaves through the skin.

The characteristic symptoms of GTS include nausea, vomiting, weakness, dizziness, stomach cramps, difficulty breathing, excessive sweating, headache, and fluctuations in blood pressure and heart rate.

Reporting and performance effectiveness of its data privacy policies.

PMI’s future profitability may also be adversely affected should it be unsuccessful in its attempts to produce and commercialize reduced risk products or if regulation or taxation do not differentiate between such products and cigarettes if it is unable to successfully introduce new products, promote brand equity, enter new markets or improve its margins through increased prices and productivity gains if it is unable to expand its brand portfolio internally or through acquisitions and the development of strategic business relationships or if it is unable to attract and retain the best global talent, including women or diverse candidates.

Future results are also subject to the lower predictability of our reduced risk product category’s performance.

PMI is further subject to other risks detailed from time to time in its publicly filed documents, including the Form 10 Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022.

PMI cautions that the foregoing list of important factors is not a complete discussion of all potential risks and uncertainties.

PMI does not undertake to update any forward looking statement that it may make from time to time, except in the normal course of its public disclosure obligations.

This report and related discussion contain projections of future results and other forward looking statements.

Achievement of future results is subject to risks, uncertainties and inaccurate assumptions.

In the event that risks or uncertainties materialize, or underlying assumptions prove inaccurate, actual results could vary materially from those contained in such forward looking statements.

Pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, PMI is identifying important factors that, individually or in the aggregate, could cause actual results and outcomes to differ materially from those contained in any forward looking statements made by PMI.

In this report, PMI, we, us, and our refer to Philip Morris International Inc. and its subsidiaries.

In this report and in related communications, the term materiality, material, and similar terms, when used in the context of economic, environmental, and social topics, are defined in the referenced sustainability standards, and are not meant to correspond to the concept of materiality under the U.S. securities laws and or disclosures required by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

This report contains references and links to websites operated by third parties.

These references are provided as a convenience to you and as an additional avenue of access to the information contained in those sources they should not be viewed as an endorsement by us of the content of these references and linked sites or opinions of their authors.

Unless otherwise stated, all references to IQOS are to our IQOS heat not burn devices and consumables.

Trademarks and service marks in this report are the registered property of, or licensed by, the subsidiaries of Philip Morris International Inc., and are italicized or shown in their logo form.

References to total international market, defined as worldwide cigarette and heated tobacco unit volume excluding the U.S., total industry, total market and market shares are PMI estimates for tax paid products based on the latest available data from a number of internal and external sources and may, in defined instances, exclude the People’s Republic of China and or PMI’s duty free business.

Note: In the fourth quarter of 2021, we announced that we will be relocating our PMI corporate headquarters from New York, New York, to Stamford, Connecticut.

This move is expected to be completed by the third quarter of 2022.