Global Impact 
Report

2021

FPO?Introduction

2

Workflow a better world

A global pandemic. Standing up against racial injustice. 
Ongoing climate change. We’re living through 
unprecedented experiences that are forever changing 
how we think, live, and work.

Such profound change always 
brings tremendous opportunity:

•  To bring our company together 

and dream big

•  To lean into our purpose of 
making the world of work, 
work better for people 

•  To support our customers in their 
digital transformation journeys 

•  To show empathy and support 

for our employees as they 
adapt to a fully digital work 
environment

•  To unite all of our employees 
around the challenges of 
the day by creating positive, 
lasting impact

Our aspirations are high, and 
our plans are big. We’re fully 
committed to becoming the 
defining enterprise software 
company of the 21st century:

•  One that helps our employees, 
customers, shareholders, and 
communities thrive

•  One that leads with our core 

business, our Now Platform®, and 
solutions to workflow a world 
that’s more sustainable, more 
equitable, and more ethical

The stories from this past year 
demonstrate the power of our 
employees and our workflow 
solutions to change the world—
helping our business, our 
customers, and our communities 
achieve the boldest of goals. 

Section TitleServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021About this report

3

Our Global Impact Report marks the first time we’ve publicly reported on 

our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) programs and initiatives 

in a comprehensive way. Although much of this work isn’t new, we’re just 

beginning our ESG reporting journey. This report covers our efforts to 

identify our most material ESG issues, articulate our global impact strategy, 

and establish a baseline from which we’ll enhance both our performance 

and disclosure in the coming years. It details our efforts and aspirations 

across our global impact strategy.

We’ll drive oversight of our global impact strategy through a newly 

established ESG steering committee, under the guidance of our board 

of directors’ nominating and governance committee. (You can see our 

full chain of oversight here.) When preparing our report, we considered 

recommended disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) and the 

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Software and IT Services 

Standard. For more information on our ESG materiality issues, see our data 

annex at the end of this report.

Unless otherwise noted, the data reflected in this report covers ServiceNow’s 

global operations for fiscal year 2020, representing Jan. 1 through Dec. 31, 

2020. This report contains figures that have been rounded or approximated. 

Certain reclassifications of data from previous public disclosures may be 

made to conform to current period presentation.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021IntroductionLetter from our CEO

4

ServiceNow’s purpose centers on people—dreaming, innovating, and 
creating a better world for everyone. So, when the events of 2020 turned 
the world upside down, we stepped up to make a difference. We listened, 
we learned and, most importantly, we supported our customers, employees, 
and communities through a series of interconnected crises. We’ve always 
stayed true to our purpose of making the world of work, work better 
for people. This purpose guides us and inspires us as we tackle this 
once-in-a-generation opportunity to change the way the world works. 

In 2020, we brought together our environmental, social, and governance 
(ESG) initiatives under one strategy to use the collective strength of our 
employees, our Now Platform and workflows, our partnerships, and our 
financial resources. Our global impact efforts are becoming part of our 
DNA here at ServiceNow. We have a bold overarching vision: to workflow 
a better world. We will harness the reach of our business and power of our 
Now Platform to help our customers and stakeholders workflow positive 
ESG outcomes. We are on a mission to help everyone succeed.  

We’re proud to share with you our first Global Impact Report to give you 
insights into the ESG issues most important to the success of our business 
and our stakeholders. We’ll do this by focusing on three strategic pillars:   

• 

Sustaining our planet—by championing a resource-efficient, net zero 
carbon environment

•  Creating equitable opportunity—by making work more equitable, 

accessible, and rewarding for all people  

•  Acting with integrity—by building trust through ethical, transparent, 

and secure business practices

Here’s to making incredible progress in 2021 and beyond! 

With gratitude, 

Bill McDermott 
President and Chief Executive Officer 
ServiceNow

Our ambition is to become 
the defining enterprise 
software company of the 
21st century—one that 
helps our employees, 
customers, shareholders, 
and communities thrive 
and create positive impact 
on the world.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Introduction 
Contents

Our vision

Workflow a
better world

Environment

Sustaining
our planet

Social

Creating equitable
opportunity

Governance

Acting with 
integrity

Data

Annex

5

10

19

29

42

51

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021IntroductionUse of forward-looking 
statements

6

This report contains “forward-looking statements” that are based on our 

management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently 

available to management. Such forward-looking statements include 

information concerning our possible or assumed global impact strategy 

relating to future operations, potential growth opportunities, and plans 

and objectives of management. Forward-looking statements include all 

statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms 

such as “anticipates,” “believes,” “could,” “seeks,” “estimates,” “targets,” 

“expects,” “intends,” “may,” “plans,” “potential,” “predicts,” “prospects,” 

“projects,” “should,” “will,” “would,” or similar expressions and the negatives 

of those terms, although not all forward-looking statements contain these 

identifying words. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 

risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our 

actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different 

from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied 

by the forward-looking statements. Factors that may cause actual results 

to differ materially from those in any forward-looking statements include, 

without limitation, changes in global economic conditions; unexpected 

delays, difficulties, and expenses in executing against our ESG goals set 

forth in this report; and changes in the environmental regulatory landscape. 

Further information on factors that could cause or contribute to such 

differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section 
titled “Risk Factors” in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K and 

our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities 

and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in our other SEC filings. We cannot 

guarantee that we’ll achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed 

in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue 

reliance on our forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 

represent our management’s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date 

of this report. We undertake no obligation, and do not intend to update the 

forward-looking statements. 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021IntroductionAbout ServiceNow

We make the world of work, 
work better for people

We believe that behind every great experience is 

a great workflow. Our company, platform, products, 

and brand are built with the knowledge that the future 

of work is getting smarter, and we can improve people’s 

lives by making work more meaningful and fulfilling. 

Our solutions create great experiences, unlock 

productivity, and strengthen economies, societies, 

and the environment.

The platform of platforms for 
the workflow revolution

7

13,000+

employees

73

offices

30

datacenters

29

countries

$4.286B

subscription revenues

32%

YoY growth

~6,900

enterprise customers

~80%

of Fortune 500 use ServiceNow

98%

renewal rate

#1 on FORTUNE® Future 50 2020

FORTUNE® World’s Most Admired 
Companies™ 2021

Great Place to Work® certified 

Forbes Just 100, #77

© 2021 FORTUNE Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. Future 
50 and World’s Most Admired Companies are trademarks of FORTUNE Media IP 
Limited and are used under license. FORTUNE and FORTUNE Media IP Limited 
are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

Silicon Valley Business Journal Top 50 

Philanthropists, #26

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021IntroductionNow, more than ever

8

The challenges of 2020 forever changed the way people 

Throughout this report, you’ll see again and again 

work—validating our purpose to make the world of work, 

how we’re capitalizing on the collective strengths of 

work better for people. In doing so, we can make the 

ServiceNow to create positive change in the world. 

world work better, too. 

As we consider the progress we’ve made and look ahead 

to what’s next, we know there’s much more work to do. 

This report outlines the three key pillars of our global 

impact strategy and shares our goals, metrics, progress, 

and aspirations for each.

Building off the ESG materiality assessment we 
conducted with third-party sustainability adviser BSR, 

we’ve set an ambitious course for the future, including 

our bold new environmental goals. We’ll set additional 

goals and commitments in the coming year. 

Our strong employee engagement, the power of 

the Now Platform and our market-leading product 

workflows, our broad industry partnerships, and our 

commitment to giving our time, money, and resources 

to issues we care about demonstrate the breadth and 

depth of our resolve. We’ll workflow a better world by 

addressing climate change, empowering our employees 

and communities to create more inclusive opportunities 

for everyone, and building trust and partnership with 

our stakeholders.

Global impact strategy

Workflow a better world
Changing the world one workflow at a time

Environment
Sustaining our planet

Social
Creating equitable opportunity

Governance
Acting with integrity

Championing a resource efficient, 
net-zero carbon planet.

Making work more equitable, 
accessible, and rewarding for people.

Building trust through ethical, transparent, 
and secure business practices.

y
t
i
r
o
i
r
p
G
S
E

s
e
u
s
s
i

•  Climate and energy

• 

Talent

• 

Future of work

•  Data security and privacy

• 

Sustainable procurement

•  Diversity, 

•  Digital divide

•  Governance and ethics

•  Waste

inclusion, and 
belonging

•  Community 
engagement

• 

Business continuity

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Introduction 
 
Our 2020 global impact

9

1,859
unique organizations globally 

100%
met our commitment to no layoffs in 

82%
employee engagement, in 

have used ServiceNow 

2020, including workplace services 

line with leading benchmark 

Emergency Response apps, 
with 11,246 installations

support staff 

companies driving high growth 

and high engagement*

937
unique organizations globally have 

used ServiceNow Safe Workplace 
apps, with 9,570 installations

~2,500
new employees and ~360 interns 
hired and onboarded during the 

pandemic, all virtually

$5M+
in cash grants and matching gifts 
to nonprofits, including $1.2+ million 
in COVID-19 relief

94%
of our employees recommend 
ServiceNow as a great place to work*

Set bold environmental goals

100% renewable 
energy by end 
of 2021

Carbon neutral
by end of 2021

Net zero
before 2050

*2020 Employee Voice Survey: 8,992 employees responded/91% participation.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021IntroductionOur vision

Workflow a
better world

Changing the world 
one workflow at a time

11

Workflow a better world is one of our guiding 

principles and has been since our founding. It’s 

ingrained in our corporate strategy and a bold vision 

for our global impact. We aspire to deeply embed 

ESG into the Now Platform, enabling change in the 

world one workflow at a time.

But it’s more than making work more productive. 

It’s about creating great experiences that make 

work more meaningful. The Now Platform is intelligent, 

agile, secure, reliable, and deeply trusted. This makes 

it a powerful and flexible platform to create positive 

change—be it more equitable communities, better 

governance, or a more sustainable planet. 

We know that as a leader in the workflow revolution, 

we can help make the world work better—not only 

through our own internal operations, but also by 

helping our customers, partners, and communities 

achieve their sustainability goals. Whether delivering 

better citizen services, managing climate and 

security risks, responding quickly to emergencies, 

or tackling the UN Sustainable Development Goals, 

we and our customers are already using the 

Now Platform to do good in the world.  

There is no better  
experience than giving 
someone a piece of  
technology that lets them  
do something they never 
thought they could do.

Fred Luddy
Founder and Chairman of the Board 
ServiceNow

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldWorkflow for today and tomorrow

12

The world is experiencing a workflow revolution. Today, 

The benefits extend further. In addition to helping all 

work can happen anywhere, anytime—proving that 

of our customers create efficiencies that reduce costs, 

working in a digital, distributed environment works. 

increase resiliency and agility, and engage employees, 

Digital workflows will continue to power the future of 

work, and ServiceNow is uniquely positioned to lead the 

way. We know that the more we connect people and 

processes across organizations and digitize mundane 

tasks, the more people can focus on the meaningful 

and creative parts of their jobs. 

our workflows help contribute to positive social and 

environmental outcomes. 

The smarter way to workflow

Providing the platform of platforms that connects people, 

functions, and systems to drive innovation, increase 

business agility, and unlock productivity.

Unlocking opportunity and enabling 

people to focus on the meaningful 

and creative parts of their jobs. This 
includes using information about climate, 

people, security, compliance, and 

other risks to drive business decisions, 

as well as powering our customers’ 

global impact efforts and resiliency by 

identifying high-impact risks.

Engaging people and transforming the 

employee experience, especially in times 

of disruption. This ranges from virtually 

onboarding new hires to making going 

back to work, work safely for everyone. 

Delivering solutions to reimagine 

the customer experience and help 

customers meet the challenges of our 
time—whether it’s streamlining customer 

service or monitoring and managing 

critical infrastructure.  

Giving organizations low-code 

development tools that enable 

developers of every skill level across 

the enterprise to quickly and easily 

build workflow applications that 

power their own global impact efforts. 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better world13

The power of the Now Platform to address  
environmental, social, and governance issues

Environment
Sustaining our planet

Social
Creating equitable opportunity

Governance
Acting with integrity

Vendor Risk Management 
Monitor supply chain sustainability

Vendor Risk Management 
Monitor supply chain’s social impact

Vendor Risk Management 
Monitor vendor data privacy

Asset Management 
Circular economy, e-waste management

Emergency Response apps 
COVID-19 response

Integrated Risk Management 
Governance, ethics, and privacy

Safe Workplace Suite  
Safe return to workplace

Business Continuity Management 
Safety, recovery, and resilience

Vaccine Administration Management 
Manage distributing, administering, and 

Security Operations 
Security incident response, 

monitoring COVID-19 vaccinations

vulnerability response

HR Service Delivery 
Employee experience, retention, and 

satisfaction

Creator workflow 
Custom-built apps for environmental issues

Creator workflow 
Custom-built apps for social issues

Creator workflow 
Custom-built apps for governance issues

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldWhatever your organization is facing, 
let’s workflow it

14

In 2020, we released several new app suites, including 

our Emergency Response apps and our Safe Workplace 

Suite, to help our customers maintain business 

continuity and keep their employees safely working in 

new environments. We’re continuing to innovate to help 

our customers through the pandemic with our Vaccine 

Administration Management solutions released in 

early 2021. 

Combined with our Risk Management apps and 

Creator Workflows, these solutions make it possible for 

our customers and communities to workflow their way 

through the pandemic’s business challenges—either by 

deploying existing ServiceNow workflow solutions or by 

building custom applications.

Digital transformation is the only way 
out, the only way forward.

Bill McDermott
President and CEO

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldEmergency Response apps 
and Safe Workplace Suite

15

ServiceNow and our customers are 

confirming employee safety and location, 

innovating quickly in response to the 

enabling employees to report illnesses and 

COVID-19 pandemic. The Now Platform 

readiness to return to work, and quickly 

enables our customers to quickly react and 

identifying exposure risk when an employee 

build apps that address use 

is diagnosed with an illness. 

cases such as streamlining testing 

operations and digitizing operational 

processes for emergency response.

In March 2020, we released our Emergency 
Response Management apps at no charge 
to customers through September 2020. 

“The City of Los Angeles came to 

ServiceNow and Cask to ask how they could 

coordinate and streamline testing,” said 

Cask Vice President Jason Rosenfeld. “We 

built an app that supports drive-through 

testing so Angelinos can drive up, have 

The apps were installed by more than 

their appointment to get tested, and then 

1,800 organizations, helping them navigate 

COVID-19 crisis management—including 

move on versus having to wait in the line.” 
Read more. 

Toronto District School Board: 

Responding to an unprecedented crisis

The Toronto District School Board 

(TDSB) is one of the largest and most 

diverse school boards in Canada. It 

serves approximately 246,000 students 

in 582 schools throughout Toronto, 

and more than 130,000 lifelong 

learners in its Adult and Continuing 

Education programs. Following Toronto 

Public Health guidelines, the school 

board used ServiceNow to create an 
ambitious health screening app. Within 

a month of launch, the app was being 

used by 51,000 students and staff each 
day. Read more about TDSB’s use of 
our Safe Workplace Suite. 

Washington State’s Department of Health 

A safe return to the workplace requires 

used the Now Platform from ServiceNow to 

cross-functional collaboration among IT,  

develop an app to digitize processes that 

legal, facilities, human resources, and more. 

allowed officials to quickly resource critical 

In May 2020, as the world looked ahead to 

positions on the incident management 

ensuring employee health and workplace 

team. They created an Emergency Response 
Operations app on the Now Platform to 
manage their own COVID-19 situation, 

and they donated it for use by other 

safety, we released four apps to make going 
back to work, work for everyone. Our Safe 
Workplace Suite now includes nine apps 
that do everything from health screening 

organizations and public agencies. This 

to gauging employee readiness to return. 

app helps optimize resources and staff in 

This includes managing personal protective 

critical locations. It also supports operational 

equipment (PPE) inventory, contact tracing, 

processes of emergency response and 

COVID-19 testing, and employee vaccination 

preparedness at the state and local 
government levels. Read more.

status tracking. More than 900 organizations 

have installed the Safe Workplace Suite.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldVaccine Administration 
Management solution

16

With 7.9 billion people across the globe 

Before any vaccines were even approved, 

needing a COVID-19 vaccination, 

we started developing solutions to address 

administering billions of shots in the arm 

vaccine management. Building on our 

as soon as humanly possible presents an 

Customer Service Management solution 

enormous workflow challenge. The sheer size 

and following CDC and WHO guidelines, 

of vaccine rollout and its need for speed is 

we brought multiple workflow use cases 

almost incomprehensible. 

together to develop a solution that makes it 

ServiceNow CEO Bill McDermott said it best: 

“Distributing, administering, and monitoring 

COVID-19 vaccines is the greatest workflow 

challenge of our time.” And we’ve risen to 
meet that challenge. 

easier to tackle the last-mile challenges of 

getting the world’s population vaccinated—

from distributing and administering 

vaccines to monitoring vaccine outcomes. 

The solution needed to be able to confirm 

eligibility, manage consent forms, schedule 

appointments, send reminders, manage 

distribution, and track second doses. 

We released our Vaccine Administration 

Management solution in January 2021 during 

the early stages of vaccine rollout. 
Read more.

The vaccine 
management tools 
provided by ServiceNow 
have been vital to 
expediting Scotland’s 
vaccine efforts as we 
enter what we hope 
will be the final stages 
of the fight against 
COVID-19.

Deryck Mitchelson
Director of Digital and Chief Security Officer  
NHS National Service Scotland 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldRisk Management app

ServiceNow is named a 
leader in The Forrester 
Wave™: Governance, 
Risk, and Compliance 
Platforms, Q1, 2020.

Risk management is an underlying part 

Companies across industries use our risk 

17

of our global impact strategy, especially 
within governance and ethics. Our Risk 
Management app has the potential to 
address environmental, social, and 

governance issues, helping our customers 

manage their suppliers’ commitment to 

environmental sustainability, human rights, 

security, and data privacy. It also helps 

our customers ensure business continuity 

in their processes, technology, facilities, 

personnel, and supply chain during natural 

and human-made disasters. 

Regardless of industry, our risk solutions 

help businesses easily track their efforts, 

measure their success, and see the 

impact of meeting—or not meeting— 

their sustainability goals. 

solutions in various ways:

• 

• 

Pharmaceutical: To continuously monitor, 
detect, assess, mitigate, and remediate 

risks in their supply chains

Financial services: To more resiliently 
deliver critical services to customers in the 

face of unforeseen events

•  Manufacturing: To demonstrate important 
compliance in ethical and responsible 

supply chains

•  Cosmetics: To help ensure customers’ 
personal information in the various 

countries in which they operate is used 

responsibly and safely

• 

Retail: To help ensure resiliency in the 
face of adverse events so people have 

access to food and clean water in times 

of disaster

Fairview Health: Guarding against disruption 

Fairview Health Services depends heavily on its IT infrastructure to connect patient 

systems and enhance patient care experiences. With more than 1,500 live applications, 

many of which are mission-critical, these applications must be highly available, 
including in the event of a disaster. The organization uses ServiceNow Business 
Continuity Management (BCM) to unify disaster recovery, business continuity, and 
IT service management into a complete business resilience solution. “ServiceNow will 

give us complete visibility and control of our IT disaster recovery processes,” said 

Maria Rothstein, DR analyst and ITSM office manager, Fairview Health.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldOur COVID-19 response 
workflows at work

18

1,859

937

51,000

Emergency Response app 

Safe Workplace Suite unique 

famillies in the Toronto School District use 

unique organizations worldwide

organizations worldwide

Safe Workplace app daily

11,246

installations

9,570

installations

72 hours

for the city of Los Angeles to develop 

a custom COVID-19 testing app on the 

Now Platform 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Our vision Workflow a better worldEnvironment

Sustaining our
planet

Championing a resource-efficient, 
net zero carbon environment

20

Every ServiceNow colleague 
recognizes our individual 
and collective responsibility 
to prioritize the planet’s 
health. For us, sustainability 
and environmental 
protection are more than 
just priorities; they are core 
to our vision and strategy.

Nick Tzitzon
Chief Strategy Officer
ServiceNow

As climate change continues to advance, we see the 

companies set science-based reduction targets. We’ll 

devasting effects of rising temperatures and extreme 

draft and validate a plan in 2021 for our goal of net zero. 

weather events all around us. We’ve set ambitious 

By committing to SBTi, we’re signaling our intent 

goals to do our part to accelerate decarbonization 

to provide full transparency into our net zero journey. 

and to advance the circular economy.

Our efforts and reporting are grounded in science. 

early in our reporting journey. We’re developing long-

We’re focusing on initiatives that are material to us and 

term strategies and plans for our priority environmental 

will result in real outcomes and a positive impact on our 

issues, including climate and energy, sustainable 

environment. In 2021, we’re committing to the Science 

procurement and waste, and other impact areas, 

Based Targets initiative (SBTi), which drives ambitious 

such as water consumption.

Our environmental efforts are relatively new, and we’re 

climate action in the private sector by helping 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Environment Sustaining our planetOur bold environmental goals

21

Use 100% renewable energy by 
the end of 2021 for office and 
datacenter operations.

Be carbon neutral by the end 
of 2021 across our office and 
datacenter operations, and 
corporate travel.

Achieve net zero before 2050 
across our entire value chain in 
accordance with SBTi criteria.

Bold goals like these require a big effort across our 

Our work will have a multiplier effect. As we develop 

company and our entire value chain. It’s a challenge 

and implement ServiceNow sustainable workflow 

we’re ready to tackle. By using science as our 

solutions in our own operations, we’ll make them 

guide, we’ve laid the groundwork to achieve these 

available to our customers.

goals, focusing on increasing energy efficiency in 

our datacenters and office buildings, sourcing fewer 

carbon-intensive materials for our operations, and 

traveling more sustainably.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Environment Sustaining our planetClimate and energy

22

Our road to clean power. We’re committed to driving 
resource efficiency wherever possible. In our effort to 

Improving datacenter efficiency. Two of our greatest 
opportunities to reduce our environmental impact 

increase our renewable energy footprint, we sourced 

include using our datacenter resources more efficiently 

renewable energy for our Santa Clara headquarters 

and increasing capacity across our global cloud. 

campus, which covered 100% of our energy 

consumption. In San Diego, we bought solar power 

from the panels on our campus roofs, which accounts 

for approximately 13% of our annual power use. In 2021, 

we’ll start buying high-quality, certified, and localized 

renewable energy credits (RECs) to offset the “dirty grid” 

power consumed by the company in locations around 

the world. These initial steps will put us on track to meet 

our 100% renewable energy goal by the end of 2021.

To help make sure we’re meeting our future demand for 

renewable energy, and that we’re adding renewable 

energy sources to the global grid, we’ll also enter into 

virtual power purchasing agreements (VPPAs) by the 

end of 2021. We’ll explore an aggregated market VPPA 

and opportunities to do this with our partners and 

customers, too.

We’ve made lifecycle management improvements 

throughout our cloud infrastructure that allow us to 

optimize power efficiency, reduce our datacenter 

footprint, and select the most efficient equipment to 

meet our business requirements. When sourcing our 

hardware and our co-location providers, our RFPs 

include a set of environmental criteria to ensure they 

meet our business requirements.

In 2021, we’ll work with independent, industry-

leading consultants to advise us on sustainable site 

selection, help us create further efficiencies, and 

lower our environmental impact. We’ll also expand our 

datacenter operations team to ensure we create and 

incorporate global sustainability standards to achieve 

our net zero aspirations.

Our key deliverables for 2021

Capture and analyze real-time 
environmental data in our ServiceNow 

platform, establish baseline measurements, 

and improve year-over-year.

Implement scalable datacenter 
infrastructure designs that future-proof 

multiple network lifecycle generations.

Reduce material packaging and site 
deliveries for all new datacenter builds and 

ongoing cloud scaling projects.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Environment Sustaining our planet23

Our commitment to net-zero carbon emissions. In 2021, 
we’ll set our target year to achieve net zero carbon in 

The carbon impact of our Future of Work initiative. 
COVID-19 drastically altered the work landscape. In 

accordance with SBTi. We’ll use 2019 as our baseline 

response, we created our Future of Work (FoW) initiative 

year and commit to a much more aggressive schedule 

to reimagine the way we work at ServiceNow. A key 

than the 2050 timeline set by the Paris Agreement.  

consideration in this initiative is how our employees 

In 2020, we worked with a third-party firm, Anthesis 

prefer to work.  

Group, to conduct greenhouse gas (GHG) inventory 

In 2020, we collected feedback from employees on 

validation work, including the in-depth Scope 3 

their work preferences for a post-pandemic world, 

baseline assessment, which will inform our future 

and we’ll continue to do so throughout 2021 to inform 

net zero efforts across our value chain. We also 

our decisions and actions. Post-COVID, we expect 

began structuring our cross-functional efforts internally 

approximately 20% of our workforce to work from home 

to ensure our business is aligned for the long-term 

full time, with the majority of employees working from 

success of our net zero efforts. 

the office three or fewer days per week. Whether our 

In 2021, we’ll start purchasing high-quality offsets 

from projects that permanently remove carbon from 

the atmosphere. We’ll invest primarily in solutions that 

employees decide to work from home, at the office, or a 

hybrid of the two, the option of working closer to home 

could have a direct impact on our environmental efforts.

capture and/or store carbon and, where possible, 

We’ll continue to collect all necessary inputs for our 

ensure there are social benefits as well.  

FoW initiative during 2021. At the same time, we’ll 

generate a roadmap for our commitment to net zero 

carbon as per SBTi (including Scope 3 emissions). Once 

both of those activities have matured, we’ll be able to 

better assess their impact on our carbon footprint.

Due to the pandemic, 2020 was not a representative 

year for corporate travel. We’ve started to rethink 

the future of travel and, in 2021, we’ll roll out our new 

corporate travel program, which will focus on the 
absolute reduction of our Scope 3 emissions. We’ll 

prioritize video calls over air travel and will increase 

travel approval thresholds. We’ll also educate our 

employees on the carbon impact of their travel and 

offer less-carbon-intensive alternatives when available.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Environment Sustaining our planetEnvironment Sustaining our planet

Our focus areas

24

Built environment

Supply chain

We design our workplaces following LEED (Leadership in Energy and 
Environmental Design) or similar sustainability frameworks, and we 

We select vendors and partners that agree to adhere to our 
sustainability practices and requirements, where practical.

achieve certification when practical.

We select buildings that have achieved a recognized sustainability 
certification (e.g., LEED, BREEAM) when practical.

We prioritize buildings that have access to public transportation, 
are bicycle-friendly, and provide EV chargers.

We operate our buildings responsibly by monitoring and controlling 
for greenhouse gas emissions; self-generating our own power 

where practical; ensuring efficient use of water; and managing our 

waste stream to minimize what goes into landfills.

We prioritize sustainable products—including organics in our food 
programs—where practical.

We recycle, reuse, or responsibly dispose of retired equipment and 
fixtures used in service of our operations.

Travel

We require advanced approval and business justification for all air 
and rail travel.

We widely employ collaboration tools such as video conferencing, 
including for remote employees, to help provide a viable alternative 

to travel.

We monitor and report internally our greenhouse gas emissions 
related to air travel.

We provide carpooling or company-sponsored shuttles in key 
concentrated markets.

We offer flexible work arrangements to many employees, a 
byproduct of which is reduced commuting.

Datacenters

We select datacenter operations and facilities that have 
demonstrable sustainability practices where practical.

We utilize energy-efficient equipment (servers, etc.) and 
architecture in our datacenter operations.

We monitor our energy consumption at the rack level, and we report 
internally material changes to greenhouse gas emissions across our 

datacenter portfolio.

We recycle, reuse, or responsibly dispose of retired equipment 
(servers, etc.) used in our datacenter operations.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021

Environment Sustaining our planet

25

Our path to a healthier planet

Reducing our energy use

Stage 1

2021: Buy direct renewable 
energy and RECs

Stage 2

Stage 3

2022: Enter into aggregated 
VPPA partnership(s)

2023 and beyond: Expand our 
VPPA partnerships

Note: From 2022 onward, we will continue to use direct renewable energy where possible and buy RECs where 

required to help ensure our 100% renewable status is achieved each fiscal year.

Eliminating our carbon emissions

Carbon reduction

Carbon offsetting

Carbon removal

Make decisions with lower carbon impact 

Neutralize our carbon emmissions with 

Invest in projects that remove carbon from 

across our value chain.

high-quality offset program.

the atmosphere.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021

Environment Sustaining our planet

Measuring our environmental impact in 2020

Carbon intensity of electricity1 (gCO2/kWh)

Global average: 479

2019

2020

26

354

367

0

50

100

150

200

250

300

350

400

Greenhouse gas emissions2 (in mtCO2e)

Emissions by source3

Emissions by region (offices and datacenters)

2019

2020

11,206

7,061

26,466

9,914 1,150

7,203

44,733

2019

18,267

10,388

10,022

3,928

10,707

2,025

7,678

24,338

2020

20,410

0

10,000

20,000

30,000

40,000

50,000

0

5,000

10,000

15,000

20,000

25,000

Offices

Datacenters

Corporate travel

AMER

EMEA

APJ

Energy management4 (in MWh)

Electricity by source5

Electricity by region

2019

2020

19,520

41,990

40,721

12,707

8,083

61,511

2019

61,511

18,907

50,489

43,413

16,824

9,159

69,396

2020

69,396

0

15,000

30,000

45,000

60,000

75,000

0

15,000

30,000

45,000

60,000

75,000

Offices

Datacenters

AMER

EMEA

APJ

1
 Data follows location-based methodologies. 2019 source: IEA Global Energy & CO2 Status Report 2019. 2020 source: IEA Emissions Factors 2020. Our 2019 location-based emissions data was updated 
from our Global Impact ESG Fact Sheet published in June 2020 as follows: 2019 Scope 2 emissions data adjusted as a result of updated utility data and corrective data from datacenter feeds; 2019 
Scope 3 emissions data (travel data) restated due to change in methodology.
2

 Calculations consistent with Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol. Where actual energy bills were not available, emissions were estimated using the 
Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) database. Data follows market-based methodology. See location-based data here.
3

 Office and datacenter emissions include electricity and natural gas. Corporate travel emissions data provided by third-party travel vendor and measured per flights using DEFRA estimation methods.

4

 Calculations consistent with Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol. Where actual energy bills were not available, emissions were estimated using the 
Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) database. In 2020, due to the increase in our datacenter operations globally, our energy consumption for datacenters increased compared to 
2019. Also in 2020, while we continued to grow our office portfolio globally, most of our office locations were closed due to COVID-19, which resulted in a slight decrease in our energy use.
5

 Numbers for 2019 are rounded for purpose of the graph.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021

Sustainable procurement

27

Strengthening opportunities for investing in more 
sustainable supplier relationships. Suppliers are key 
to our business success. To reinforce our commitment 
to responsible procurement, we have a strong supplier 
code of conduct, and we select suppliers who share our 
values and help us fulfill our purpose.

We’re currently developing a framework to better 

understand our suppliers’ baselines for diversity, 

sustainability, and financial health. By assessing where 

we are today, we can better position ourselves for 

continuous improvement over time.

We spent time in 2020 evaluating our operations 

to identify the biggest opportunities to drive 

accountability across our supplier ecosystem. To reduce 

supplier risk while furthering responsible procurement, 

we’re acquiring data about our suppliers from third-

Going green, from bricks to BREEAM

Our newly leased office building at 8 Salisbury Square in 

London was designed and built to meet BREEAM Excellent 

certifications, putting its environmental, social, and economic 

performance in the top 10% of buildings worldwide. Our office 

space was delivered with various prominent circular elements, 

such as reclaimed bricks and wood, recycled upholstery and 

laminates, energy-efficient lighting, and large amounts of 

biophilic elements. This project is an example of the kind of 

work environments we want to build. It was featured in our 
first sustainability and wellness prospectus, which is available 
for our employees and customers. We’ll continue to develop 

programs for our built environment, including capturing metrics 

for energy, water, and waste for all of our future projects.

• 

• 

100% of the 44+ tonnes of construction waste diverted from 
landfill, with 2% going to refuse-derived fuel (RDF)

100% recyclable vinyl and highly sustainable carpet flooring 
from Interface 

party providers and conducting third-party, point-

• 

40% recycled materials in the laminate used for joinery 

in-time risk assessments of our complete supplier 

ecosystem. This will help us develop a programmatic 

plan for year-over-year improvements. In 2021, we’ll 

establish baselines for measuring our sustainable 

procurement practices. We look forward to disclosing 

more on these efforts in next year’s report.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Environment Sustaining our planet28

Waste

Nothing to waste. Everything to gain. Although early 
in our journey, we’re exploring all possible ways to 

avoid the take, make, waste approach and promote 

more sustainable and circular practices that have 

environmental and social benefit. 

In 2020, we established a technology donation program 

for our electronic waste using our IT Asset Management 

(ITAM) solution to identify employee IT resources, 

including computers, that are at the end of life. We 

collect the equipment and use our software to wipe 

it clean, certify it, and donate it to organizations in our 

local communities—in an almost no-touch manner. In 

our first year of the program, we donated more than 

350 laptops to be repurposed by those in need. 
Read more about our technology donation program. 

When equipment can’t be repurposed, we responsibly 

recycle or dispose of it through our recycling partners.  

In 2021, we’ll be building out programs across the 

enterprise with the focus on avoiding and reducing 

waste from various streams coming from our operations.

E-waste reused, resold, or recycled

Retired corporate IT equipment  reused/recycled

Retired datacenter equipment 100% resold/recycled6

12%

8%

9%

10%

Reused

Recycled

13%

12%

Servers

Switches

PDUs

88%

92%

78%

78%

2019

2020

2019

2020

2019: 2,833 pieces | 16,749 lbs.

2020: 4,567 pieces | 19,305 lbs.

2019: 2,389 servers  |  396 switches  |  277 PDUs

2020: 2,751 servers  |  411 switches  |  338 PDUs 

6

 Data for retired datacenter equipment from June 2020 ESG Fact Sheet represented from Jan. 1, 2019 through May 31, 2020; we now provide full-year 2019 and 2020 data.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Environment Sustaining our planetSocial

Creating equitable
opportunity

FPO?Making work more equitable, 
accessible, and rewarding for all

30

The future of work must 
mean more opportunities 
for more people. Everyone 
has a right to belong, 
to participate, and to 
reach their full potential. 
Companies have a critical 
role to play in helping to 
build a more inclusive world.

Gina Mastantuono
Chief Financial Officer 
ServiceNow

In the midst of a pandemic, the resulting economic 

disruption, and ongoing racial injustice and civil unrest, 

we’re being tested to our core. This has accelerated our 

efforts in creating equitable opportunity for all—not only 

by further cultivating diversity, inclusion, and belonging, 

but also by keeping our employees safe, supported, 

and engaged; closing the digital skills gap to enhance 

our ecosystem talent pipeline; and making the future of 

work more accessible and rewarding to all.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunity31

Everything we do is about people, 
and our people are everything to us

To continue making the world of work, work better for 

people, we must attract, develop, and retain the best 

In April 2020, we made a no layoff pledge to protect the 
jobs of all our employees globally, promising no layoffs in 

talent. That’s why we keep our people at the center of 

2020. With the economic uncertainty stemming from the 

everything we do—from distributed and digitally enabled 

pandemic, we didn’t want our employees worrying about 

work environments that help us do our best work to 

their jobs. By focusing them on supporting our customers, 

benefits and a culture that encourage employees to stay 

we did our part to help get the US and global economy 

healthy, happy, engaged, and growing. 

working again. We also continued to pay contractors 

When COVID-19 forced us to shut down our workplaces, 

and support staff while our offices were closed.

we successfully transitioned 100% of our workforce to 

At the same time, we announced we would quickly pivot 

be fully digital with minimal disruption—one of the many 

to an all-digital global intern program for the class of 

advantages of being a born-in-the-cloud, digitally 

2020. We welcomed approximately 360 college interns 

from around the world to work across our business 

during the summer, and we provided these students 

with valuable career experience—all from a safe and 

productive home environment.

transformed company.

As we navigated this new environment, our focus shifted 

to providing ongoing support that helped employees 

feel safe, supported, and engaged. This included 

keeping employees informed of the latest guidance 

on working from home, travel, and technology usage, 

and providing resources to help them in their new world 

of work. Most importantly, we developed programs, 

communications, and activities focused on engagement 

and wellness to ensure employees stayed inspired by 

our purpose, connected to our cultural values, and 

motivated by their work. 

I’m thankful I get to experience what 
it is like to work at a company that 
prioritizes its people because I now 
understand the impact of work culture.

Astyr Ko
2020 Intern
ServiceNow

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunity32

We gave every full-time employee a perk allowance to 

use for wellness items and technology, such as tutoring 

for their kids, laptops for distance learning, exercise 

equipment, and more. We led ongoing wellness sessions 

focused on mental health, issues facing working families, 

and topics of racial equity brought forward by the 

pandemic. We also initiated regular wellness check-

ins with employees on top of our regular biannual 

Employee Voice Surveys.

We had to rethink our learning and development 

curriculum and delivery. Using our Now Platform, we 

pivoted quickly, digitizing our programs, launching new 

ones, and accelerating what we already had in place.

Here are some of the ways we focused on creating great employee experiences in 2020:

Launched our Manager Commitments 
Program, featuring 10 commitments that 
serve as guideposts for effective and 

Pivoted our Lead at Now leadership 
development program for senior directors 
and above to be completely virtual, 

Continued our Power of 10 leadership 
program for women in director positions and 
above, with more than 60% participation, 

inclusive people leaders. We had 90% of 

achieving the same satisfaction scores 

to bring groups of 10 women together from 

managers participate with more than 90% 

as when it was conducted in person.

across the company in a safe space to 

saying it was valuable.

network, learn, and share experiences.

Integrated WalkMe software into our core 
talent processes to interrupt patterns 

and help managers assess employee 

Rolled out the company’s first 
Dream Big goal-setting program to 
encourage employees to set personal 

performance and make compensation 

and professional goals.

decisions with less bias.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunityThe future of work

33

We’re committed to helping employees and 

Our workplaces will continue to be spaces where we 

communities prepare for the future of work that’s 

connect, collaborate, celebrate our culture, and come 

being shaped by digital transformation, AI, and 

together for the moments that matter. We’ll champion 

distributed work.

Inside and outside ServiceNow, how we work and where 

we work have been decoupled—forever. The workflow 

employee engagement and provide an unmatched 

employee experience that helps everyone feel they 

belong and can achieve their full potential.

revolution is here, and the world is experiencing 

We’ll continue to create a sustainable work culture that 

the power of workflows to enable work to happen 

embraces business outcomes, focusing on how work 

anywhere, anytime.

As the world reopens, we’ll innovate, observe, learn, 

and adapt together. We’ll explore and test new 

ways of working and staying connected in a primarily 

gets done, not where. We’ll encourage collaboration, 

strong teams, and diversity, inclusion, and belonging. 

And we’ll foster career development, a growth mindset, 

and customer success.

distributed model. ServiceNow will continue to lead 

We’ll also continue to focus on safety, flexibility, and 

the digital workflow revolution through a flexible 

engagement. We’ll open our world of work to a more 

work model. We’ll stay connected in a primarily 

diverse talent pool by recruiting different types of roles 

flexible model with some teams coming into the 

and recruiting in new areas to execute against our 

workplace more often due to roles, responsibilities, 

commitment to diversity, inclusion, and belonging, 

and business priorities. 

and to creating equitable opportunity.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunityAll in on diversity, inclusion, and belonging

34

We stand united with 13,000 employees who believe in 

We formed our DIBs community and introduced seven 

our purpose to make the world of work, work better for 

new employee-led Belonging Groups, our version of 

people. It’s our responsibility to ensure our collective 

employee resource groups. Alongside their members, 

voice represents that world. 

we expanded our existing diversity and inclusion 

We’ve been on a mission to create change for our 

employees, customers, and communities. In 2020, the 

world experienced a pandemic, racial injustice, and 

civil unrest—and no one was exempt. Since we couldn’t 

change the situation, we focused on changing our 

mindset. 2020 deepened our commitment to do more, 

accelerate our diversity, inclusion, and belonging (DIBs) 

journey, and make greater progress across broader 

areas. We leaned in.  

programs that have been a cornerstone of the culture 

at ServiceNow. Part of that involved the co-creation of 

our “DIBs 5-point plan,” which aims to advance our work 

and create meaningful, sustainable change with an 

emphasis on certain actions:

1 Workforce training: Building inclusive skills and mindsets for 

our employees

2 Equity for all: Creating and evolving our equitable processes, 

policies, and practices

3 Giving employees a voice: Fostering a sense of belonging 

and space for dialogue

4 Lobbying for good: Advocating for change with support and 

direct action, both locally and systematically

5 Recruiting and career advancement: Increasing 

representation and inclusion across all levels

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunity35

Diversity, inclusion, and belonging are intentionally 

integrated throughout our business operations, talent 

strategies, and leadership behaviors and expectations. 

Our entire portfolio of programs is interconnected. By 

looking at our people programs holistically, we build fair 

systems of opportunity and treatment for everyone in 

our company. 

Because pay equity is so dynamic, especially in a high-

growth company like ours, we manage it on an ongoing 

basis and perform regular analyses and adjustments. 

This approach has led us to achieve systematic pay 

equity company-wide and ensures we maintain that 

pay equity.

What happened in 2020 will not stay in 2020. It will drive 

us forward every day, toward new outcomes. We have 

been changed—forever. This change will guide us as we 

create a space for belonging where all people can thrive. 

You can learn more about how we’re creating change in 
our Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report 2021.

2020 diversity metrics

Global gender
2020 Global gender

29.2%

Male

Female

Race and ethnicity in the US
2020 representation of race and ethnicity
in the US

0.3%

0.3%

2.5%

2.7%

6.2%

70.8%

55.8%

32.2%

American Indian or 
Alaska Native

Native Hawaiian or 
Pacific Islander

Two or more races

Black or African 
American

Hispanic or Latino

Asian

White

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunityClosing the digital divide, 
opening doors to opportunity

36

The true impact of our efforts to increase digital skills 

hits home when we see how lives are transformed as 

a result. For example, Ebony A. had $2 in her pocket 

and was struggling to support her family. But, thanks 

to all the people who believed in her and our nonprofit 

partnership with TechBridge, she’s now a ServiceNow 

system administrator at Wellstar Health System. 
Read Ebony’s story.

Jayden P. felt he’d hit a dead end. He was working in 

retail and unhappy with the direction of his life 

when he met our NextGen degree program architect. 

Today, he’s a junior ServiceNow developer at Methods. 
Read Jayden’s story.

These are only two examples of how our NextGen 
Professionals Program is putting people in our 
communities on a path to more rewarding and 

sustainable careers in the digital workforce. Launched 

in early 2019, the NextGen program invests in digital 

skills training and employment for marginalized and 

underserved populations. It’s working to create a 

diverse talent pipeline by teaching digital literacy skills 

and helping those whose skills are no longer relevant in 

today’s digital world. Even more important is the focus 

on helping participants find meaningful employment.

NextGen has been the best program 
we’ve ever participated in during our 
five years with ServiceNow. We’ve 
onboarded 16 new students in an 
extremely well-coordinated, well-
planned program—in less than seven 
weeks. The same onboarding usually 
takes six months, with a bigger dropout 
rate due to attention, focus, and other 
reasons.

Idan Harel
Chief Executive Officer 
Do It Wise

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunity37

NextGen is extremely targeted, partnering with 

MIT Solve Digital Workforce Challenge

employers in our ecosystem to understand the specific, 

early-in-career talent needs in a given community. 

Then, the program develops those skills in participants 

so that, within a year, our graduates get rewarding jobs 

that lead to financial security. 

Looking forward, we hope to scale the program, placing 

8,000 participants in jobs over the next few years while 

focusing on the talent needed across our three focus 

areas: degree, reskilling, and government programs.

Degree program: In partnership with Northeastern 
University in London, we’ve integrated ServiceNow 

technology into their curriculum, helping to develop 

the digital, business, and leadership skills needed to 

succeed in today’s workplace. The degree is free to the 

learner and employer, providing equal opportunity to 

all. We launched our first cohort of students in October 

2020, which included Jayden, and plan to scale the 
program to five countries by 2023. Learn more about 
our degree program.

Reskilling program: We’re working to help veterans, 
women returning to the workplace, and those with 

technology-transferable skills transition into today’s 

digital workforce. “I once had a rich professional career 

in IT until I became a mother and lost my subject 

matter expertise,” said one participant in the program. 
“The collaboration between ServiceNow, DXC, and 

the University of St. Gallen has created an amazing 

opportunity … to learn skills that are in high demand,” 
she added. Read more about our Women Back to 
Business program.

Government program: We’re collaborating with 
national and regional governments and workforce 

development agencies to build and execute digital 

skills initiatives for underrepresented minorities, women, 

the less-abled sector, and indigenous populations.

*Estimated based on employer feedback.

In January 2020, we asked the world a question: How 

can underserved populations access opportunity 

and fully participate in the technology-enabled and 

digitally literate workforces of the future?

It was part of our Digital Workforce Challenge, which 
we sponsored with MIT Solve. Participants were 

challenged to come up with innovative, scalable, and 

sustainable solutions that aim to solve the growing 

skills and job vacancies gap by increasing access to 

opportunity in underserved populations. 

The grand prize winner was ChargerHelp!, a female, 
minority-owned social enterprise that partners with 

local workforce development agencies to train and 

employ electric vehicle (EV) charging station technicians 

and increase electric vehicle adoption. After receiving 

an in-kind donation of our Field Service Management 

workflow solution, ChargerHelp! doubled its service 
contracts in 2020. Read more about the winners and 
their inspiring stories.

NextGen: Teaching today’s skills for tomorrow’s jobs

35+

employment 
partners

15

countries

~1,300*

participants

~70%

of participants 
landed jobs

MIT Solve: A call for innovation

150+

entries

44

countries

9

finalist teams

$100K $10K

grand prize

employee 

choice prize

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunity38

Advancing our cause through 
community engagement

Creating equitable opportunity extends beyond our 

digital transformation. In 2020, we focused on digital 

employees. We’re working to make the communities 

literacy and skills, food security, and employee giving 

in which we live and work more equitable, too. Living 

and volunteering. All efforts included an emphasis on 

our purpose means ensuring the wider community can 

diversity and inclusion in underrepresented communities.

benefit from and participate in the opportunities of 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunityFighting hunger before, 
during, and after COVID-19

39

College students who struggle with food 

We stepped up with an additional $100,000 

insecurity face a tough road to successful 

in support, and we’re in the early stages 

degree completion. That’s why, in 2019, 

of implementing an in-kind donation of 

we announced a three-year, $1.5 million 

our Workplace Service Delivery and Safe 

partnership with Second Harvest of 

Workplace solutions to help Second Harvest 

Silicon Valley. Our objective is to help raise 

increase efficiencies, reduce costs, and 

awareness of the urgent issue of student 

ensure the health and safety of its staff 

hunger and support 1 million healthy, 

and volunteers. 

nutritious meals per year for three years.  
Read more.

Given the economic impact of COVID-19 

and the number of families around the world 

When COVID-19 hit, it exacerbated 

who are struggling to put food on the table, 

an already urgent need by doubling 

we expanded our support of food security 

Second Harvest’s client base from 

nonprofits with an additional $650,000 in 

250,000 to 500,000 people per month. 

grants benefiting Feeding America, World 

The organization’s operating costs also 

Food Program, and UNICEF.

skyrocketed with the loss of volunteers. 

We’ve always said that 
we can’t solve hunger 
alone. ServiceNow has 
consistently provided 
vital volunteer and 
funding support to help 
us offer relief to those 
in our community who 
needed it most.

Leslie Bacho
Chief Executive Officer 
Second Harvest of Silicon Valley

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunity40

As a purpose-driven company, we 

for most of 2020, yet we still logged more 

encourage our employees to live their 

than 10,000 volunteer hours—often through 

passion and leverage their time, talent, 

innovative digital approaches such as 

and resources to support the causes most 

recording audio books for children who 

important to them. And we give them the 

are visually impaired or in the hospital. We 

means to do so, with up to 20 hours of time 

expanded our definition of volunteering, 

off per year for volunteer activities and a 

allowing employees to track time spent 

1-to-1 match of their charitable donations 

donating blood, shopping for elderly 

up to $1,000 per year. 

COVID-19 and the resulting work-from-

home mandate made volunteering difficult 

neighbors, making face masks, and more. 

And we piloted new skills-based volunteer 

opportunities with organizations such as 

UK-based Matchable.

Taking suicide awareness to new heights

After losing his brother to suicide, Damien D. channeled his grief into climbing the three 

highest peaks in England, Scotland, and Wales to raise £15,000 to increase awareness of 

depression and suicide prevention. His ServiceNow colleagues stepped in to show support, 
donating through our Giving at Now platform with an automatic company match. 
Learn more about Damien’s inspiring story.

Empowering our employees 
to live their purpose— 
and give back

$5M+

in cash grants and 
matching gifts to 
nonprofits, including:

$1.2M+ 

in COVID-19 relief

$1.1M+ 

in food security

$1.6M+ 

in employee 
donations

25%

employee donation 
participation

2,600+

causes supported

10,000+

volunteer hours

~300

organizations 
served

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunityMaking the world work better 
for Black communities

41

As 2020 came to a close, we laid the 

The fund is managed by RBC Capital 

groundwork for an exciting new initiative 

Markets on behalf of ServiceNow. We’re 

that will help build equitable opportunities 

starting in communities where we have 

within Black communities across the 

significant operations and community 

United States. We were proud to 

presence and where RBC has identified the 

begin 2021 with the announcement of our 
$100 million Racial Equity Fund, which 
will facilitate sustainable wealth creation 

greatest needs: Boston, Chicago, Dallas, 

Houston, New York, Orlando, San Diego, 

the San Francisco Bay Area, Seattle, and 

through homeownership, entrepreneurship, 

Washington, D.C.

and neighborhood revitalization.

We look forward to sharing more in 2021 

about the opportunities created for families, 

small businesses, and communities.

$100M
Racial Equity Fund 
implemented in 2021

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Social Creating equitable opportunityGovernance

Acting with
integrity

FPOBuilding trust through ethical, 
transparent, and secure 
business practices

43

Doing the right thing is at 
the center of everything 
we do each and every day. 
Our code of ethics embodies 
our values. Acting with 
ethics and integrity is core 
to how we stay hungry 
and humble and deliver 
customer success.

Russ Elmer
General Counsel 
ServiceNow

Earning the trust of our customers, employees, and 

other stakeholders is paramount to our operations and 

a cornerstone of our long-term success. We’ve pledged 

to build on the trust we’ve established over our 17-year 

history and to lead with transparency and disclosure in 

all we do. We aim to provide the utmost data security 

and privacy, foster ethical use of data, and ensure 

business continuity—not only for ourselves, but also for 

our customers.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Governance Acting with integrityOur commitment to governance

44

We’ve always believed in strong corporate governance. 

disclosure. This Global Impact Report is one more way 

Our governance practices provide an important 

we’re enhancing our stakeholder disclosure and sharing 

framework within which our board of directors 

our aspirations for creating a better future.

and management team can pursue our strategic 

objectives for the benefit of our shareholders. 

And this starts with listening.

Our Governance, Risk, and Compliance (GRC) 

portfolio of workflow applications ensures strong 

governance across our organization, helping us embed 

We conduct shareholder outreach tours twice a year 

governance, risk, and resilience management into 

with more than 30% of our shareholders, where we 

our daily operations. We’re also rigorously audited by 

learn what’s top of mind for them and provide business 

independent third-party companies and government 

updates. We also strive to be a leader in disclosure, 

both in what we disclose and how we disclose it. Our 
Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report 2021, now in 
its fourth year, is a prime example of our commitment to 

bodies to ensure we comply with various global and 
regional standards. Learn more about our corporate 
governance.

Government relations, advocacy, and opportunity

In September, we established our government relations 

department, which reports to our general counsel. Our goal is 

to build relationships with policymakers all over the world and 

educate them about ServiceNow’s mission and efforts to make 

the world of work, work better for people. More specifically, we’re 

expanding brand awareness about how our innovative Now 

Platform helps enterprises, communities, and governments deliver 

services in an efficient, interoperable, safe, and secure way.

Everything comes down to trust. I 
believe trust is the ultimate human 
currency. You gain trust in drops, and 
you can lose trust in buckets—and it’s 
so important to do it the right way.

Bill McDermott
President and CEO

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Governance Acting with integrityHigh ethics, high expectations

45

We show up every day with our purpose leading 

All of our training and education campaigns are 

the way. We do the right thing by keeping integrity, 

targeted to the right people with the right messaging 

teamwork, trust, and our core values at the forefront of 

for their line of work, in clear and simple language— 

our minds. We recognize that decisions aren’t always 

not legalese.

clear-cut. Our Code of Ethics provides a framework to 

help us navigate areas of uncertainty and apply our 

values to all situations so our customers can trust us 

to make their work, work better for them. In 2020, we 

refreshed our Code of Ethics, making it more accessible 
and relatable. Review our Code of Ethics.

We’re committed to fostering an environment in which 

open, honest communication is the expectation, 

not the exception. We want our employees to be 

comfortable raising a concern, so we created the 

Speak Up program, which encourages employees to 

say something when they see something, through a 

We provide all our employees—from our executive 

variety of reporting options. The program clearly states 

officers to new hires—with ethics and compliance 

what they can expect from us in terms of response 

training. New employees are required to complete 

and action. This will continue to be a top priority for 

this training within 45 days of joining the company. 

us in 2021.

Our training content is also covered in our Code of 

Ethics and our anti-corruption, anti-harassment, and 

whistleblowing policies. 

Our values

Stay hungry and humble

Innovate and execute

Deliver customer success

Win as a team

Embrace diversity, create belonging

Enjoy the journey

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Governance Acting with integrityEmerging technology and ethics

46

We aim to foster responsible and ethical use of data 

and emerging technologies, especially artificial 

intelligence (AI). For us, AI is a means to help people 

focus on the more creative and productive parts of their 

work. That’s why we made one of the most significant 

acquisitions in our history last year with Element AI. 

It will be key to helping us build an AI-first platform, 

become the defining enterprise software company of 

the 21st century, and truly make the world of work, work 

better for people. 

The more we provide intelligent and intuitive experiences, 

the more we can help people feel engaged and 

empowered to do their best work. But with more 

intelligence comes more responsibility, so we established 

our Data Ethics Council in 2020, composed of senior 

executives from IT, data security and privacy, AI, and 

legal. The council meets monthly to discuss new and 

innovative uses of data that are consistent with our 

values. It also looks at current data privacy and security 

issues, from our approach to customer data to emerging 

laws and regulations.

2020 was a defining year for us in terms 
of emerging technology and ethics.

Vijay Narayanan
Chief AI Officer 
ServiceNow

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Governance Acting with integrityRelentlessly protecting data security and privacy

47

As caretakers of our customers’ data, we have an 

As cybersecurity is often the No. 1 operational risk 

immense responsibility to protect it. We’re laser-focused 

for companies, we’re committed to meeting security, 

on—and invest heavily in—security, compliance, and 

compliance, and privacy requirements, especially those 

privacy to meet industry and regulatory expectations 

mandated by our highly regulated commercial and 

to secure our customers’ data. That includes our 

federal customers. We’re proud to report that in 2020, 

dedicated, 200-person data security team. 

we met our financial services security requirements—

demonstrating our commitment to security, risk, and 

We focus on continuous education and training 

to constantly hone our detection and response 

business continuity.

capabilities. During the COVID-19 pandemic, our 

For more information on our commitment to building 

workflows automated resiliency-based efforts, such as 

secure remote workforce onboarding and provisioning 

trust through data security and privacy, refer to our 
Trust and Compliance Center.

at scale. Furthermore, we’re always testing the 

robustness of our platform via internal and external 

security assessments.  

The pandemic and regulatory changes 
have increased our focus on security 
and privacy. Just as attackers quickly 
adapt to any crisis, CISOs are also 
opportunistic, accelerating remote 
security initiatives and investments to 
boost resiliency.

Ben de Bont
SVP and Chief Information Security Officer 
ServiceNow

Actions and achievements in 2020

•  Created a robust, gamified training program for our 

employees

• 

• 

BSIMM-verified application security standard

Exceeded NIST moderate-impact control requirements

•  Achieved numerous security certifications, including:

– SOC 2

– ISO 27001, 27017, 27018, 27701

– FedRAMP JAB High P-ATO

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Governance Acting with integrity 
 
 
Working nonstop for business continuity

48

Being 100% remote during the pandemic is a testament 

As we start bringing employees back to our locations, 

to our own digital transformation and use of the Now 

we’ll use our own solutions to ensure their safe return 

Platform. The experience put our purpose to the test 

and manage risks to avoid business disruptions. 

and motivated us to help our customers achieve faster 

time to value via digital transformation.

Managing risk is not only our responsibility; it’s also our 

opportunity. In 2019, we acquired Fairchild Resiliency 

The pandemic tested—and validated—our business 

Systems to complement our risk portfolio. The first 

resilience and our ability to work anywhere, anytime.

product from that acquisition, our Business Continuity 

• 

In March 2020, we shifted 100% of global employees 

to work from home with very little disruption—all in a 

matter of days.

•  During the pandemic, we hired and onboarded 

~2,500 new employees and ~360 interns, all virtually.

Management solution, was launched in late 2020. It will 

help us, as well as our customers, be more resilient in 

the face of future adverse events. 

The lessons learned during 2020 are helping us better 

understand the potential impacts of future systemic 

disruptions and how to engage our workforce differently 

•  We shifted our product development efforts to 

as we move to a new distributed work model that 

focus on workflow solutions that could solve the 

will be more sustainable and benefit our workforce 

pandemic’s most pressing challenges, such as 

and planet.

contact tracing, back-to-work programs, and 

vaccine administration management.

•  We accelerated our risk assessment of our suppliers’ 

financial health and resiliency.

99.996%

average uptime 

(99.8% SLA)

30

global datacenters 

with Tier 1 providers

24/7

site reliability

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Governance Acting with integrityNow, the real work begins
Conclusion

49

Now, the real work begins

We’ve identified our ESG priority issues, developed our 
global impact strategy, set ambitious goals, published 
our inaugural Global Impact Report, and built a 
governance model to guide this work going forward. 
With the foundational work done, we’re inspired and 
dreaming big about what the future holds.

Our plans for 2021 include scaling our 
global impact initiatives across our 
overarching vision and strategic pillars 
to maximize impact:

Creating equitable opportunity

•  We’ll continue to accelerate and scale our diversity, 
inclusion, and belonging strategies and the impact 
we’re having both internally and externally.

Our vision: Workflow a better world 

•  We’ll deliver on our global impact vision by helping 

our customers and partners achieve and accelerate 
their ESG goals through the Now Platform and our 
workflow solutions. No matter what your business 
is facing, “let’s workflow it” to create a better 
business outcome. 

•  We’ll investigate and quantify ESG value creation 

of ServiceNow workflows, such as reduced 
environmental impact. 

Sustaining our planet

•  We’ll achieve our 100% renewable energy and 
carbon-neutral goals by the end of 2021.

•  We’ll decarbonize our operations through formally 

committing to the Science Based Target initiative on 
our path to net zero.

•  We’ll build a robust waste diversion program across 

our entire organization.

•  We’ll amplify our support of the communities we touch 
and serve by increasing our community investments 
(grants and matching gifts) by 50%.

•  We’ll track the impact of our $100 million Racial 

Equity Fund.

•  We’ll contribute to closing the digital divide by reaching 
3,000 beneficiaries through our NextGen Professional 
digital skills programs.

•  We’ll strengthen ServiceNow employee engagement 

on global impact through increased volunteerism and 
giving opportunities and ESG educational sessions.

Acting with integrity

•  We’ll gather stakeholder feedback on our first Global 
Impact Report to make next year’s report even better.

•  We’ll hold ourselves accountable to ESG performance 

and transparency through our ESG Steering Committee.

•  We’ll continue to focus on world-class data security and 
privacy for ServiceNow, our customers, and our partners.

•  We’ll continue to leverage our Data Ethics Committee 
to analyze new use cases in data, including AI and 
machine learning (ML).

Section TitleServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Now, the real work begins

50

When we bring our whole company together—uniting our 
collective expertise, our Now Platform and workflows, our 
partnerships and financial resources, and our purpose-
driven culture and values—the impact we can create for 
employees, customers, shareholders, and communities 
worldwide is unlimited. So are the possibilities. 

In 2021 and beyond, we’ll continue to set more goals, 
scale our initiatives, and launch new programs that 
will help us, our customers, and communities, make the 
world of work, work better for people. 

Together, we’ll help 
workflow a better world.

Section TitleServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data

Annex

ESG governance

52

ServiceNow ESG governance

Nominating and governance committee  
of the board of directors

Charter includes advising the board 
on environmental, social responsibility, 
and corporate governance matters

Executive management team 
Gina Mastantuono, CFO (ESG executive sponsor)

Incorporating ESG into our vision  
to become the defining enterprise 
software company of the 21st century

ESG steering committee
Corporate strategy 
Customer & partner 
Finance 

IT 
Legal  
Marketing

Product 
Sales 
Talent

Oversee ServiceNow’s global impact 
(ESG) strategy, goals, progress

ESG initiative business owners

Lead ServiceNow’s top global impact 
initiatives across strategy pillars

Our vision Workflow a better world 

Environment

Sustaining our  
planet

Social

Creating equitable 
opportunity

Governance

Acting with 
 integrity

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex53

ESG materiality

In 2020, we partnered with a third-party sustainability adviser, BSR, to update our ESG materiality assessment 

to prioritize the most important near-term and long-term emerging environmental, social, and governance (ESG) 

topics to our business and stakeholders.

The priority topics that emerged are reflected as Tier 1, 2, or 3 issues and guide the content of this report. Our 

tier 1 issues are those in which we have the greatest opportunity to create value. They will inform the ongoing 

development of our sustainability strategy.

ESG materiality

Tier 1 issues

(High importance to stakeholders and 

high importance to business success)

Data security and privacy 

Diversity, inclusion and belonging 

Future of work 

Corporate governance and business ethics 

Business continuity risks  

Climate and energy 

Digital divide 

Talent 

Emerging technology and ethics

Tier 2 issues

Workflow for good  

(High importance to stakeholders or 

high importance to business success) 

Employee and workplace health and safety 

Community engagement

Tier 3 issues

Sustainable procurement  

(Moderate importance to stakeholders and 

moderate importance to business success) 

Waste 

Water

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex54

Stakeholders

Internal stakeholders

To provide insights into where there is meaningful business value at stake for ServiceNow and where integration 

with the business strategy is most critical, we engaged via interviews with teams in marketing and communications; 

global real estate workplace and sustainability; and diversity, inclusion, and belonging; and global impact.

External stakeholders

To provide insights into which topics have relevance for external stakeholders, we interviewed a select group of 

ServiceNow customers, partners, and environmental non-governmental organizations (NGOs). 

Stakeholders

Employees

How we engage

•  Annual employee kickoff

•  Twice-quarterly Now Live all-employee event

•  Quarterly managers forum 

•  Biannual global leaders summit

•  Biannual global leaders sync

• 

Employee resource groups

•  Annual Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging leadership summit

•  Annual employee voice survey (EVS) first half of year

• 

EVS check-in survey second half of year

•  Now at Work communications channel

•  Quarterly growth conversations

•  Advisory panels and focus groups 

•  Annual Knowledge conference

•  Now at Work regional events

•  Customer 1:1 meetings/calls

•  Customer surveys

•  Usability studies 

•  Research forums 

•  Customer service inquires

•  Training and certification programs

•  Best practice sharing via Now Create and Customer Success Center

•  Global partner ecosystem summit

•  Regional partner summits

•  Quarterly partner webinars

•  Biannual partner advisory council

• 

1:1 partner meetings, bidirectional communications

Customers

Partners

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex55

Stakeholders

Investors 

How we engage

•  Year-round investor outreach

•  Annual shareholder meeting

•  Annual financial analyst day

• 

• 

Investor roadshows

Investor bus tours

•  Quarterly earnings calls

•  Shareholder proposals

Communities

• 

• 

• 

Investor conferences

Investor Relations website

Engage with civil society and nonprofit organizations on topics ranging from  

environmental sustainability to food security to disaster response to digital literacy

•  Collaborative partnerships

•  Philanthropic efforts 

• 

• 

ESG conferences

Employee giving and volunteering activities

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexMemberships and recognitions

56

Memberships and associations

•  AnitaB.org

•  BSA | The Software Alliance

•  DIAN, DIAN India

•  Everywoman UK

•  BSR

•  Hispanic IT Executive Council (HITEC)

•  Congressional Black Caucus Foundation

• 

Information Technology Industry Council (ITI)

•  Congressional Hispanic Caucus Institute

•  Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance (REBA)

•  Coqual (formerly Center for Talent Innovation) 

•  Stanford VMware Women’s Leadership Innovation Lab 

Recognitions

• 

• 

 FORTUNE® World’s Most Admired CompaniesTM 2021 list

•  Great Place to Work-certified

 FORTUNE® World’s Most Admired CompaniesTM 2020 list

• 

Forbes Just 100, #77

•  #1 on FORTUNE® Future 50 2020 list

•  Silicon Valley Business Journal Top 50 Philanthropists 

(in Silicon Valley), #26

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexData tables

57

Greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e) 

Calculations are consistent with Green House Gas (GHG) Protocol and The Climate Registry’s General Reporting 

Protocol. Where actual energy bills were not available, emissions were estimated using the Commercial Buildings 

Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) database.  

Greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e) 

GHG emissions (mtCO2e)

Scope 1

Scope 2—Location-based

Scope 2—Market-based

Scope 3—Business travel

TOTAL EMISSIONS (Location-based)

TOTAL EMISSIONS (Market-based)

2019 (baseline)

 1,322.75 

24,452.99

16,944.27

26,466.00

52,241.74

44,733.02

Other greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e) 

GHG emissions

2019 (baseline)

Emissions by region (offices and datacenters)

AMER (Location-based)

AMER (Market-based)

EMEA (Location-based)

EMEA (Market-based)

APJ (Location-based)

APJ (Market-based)

Emissions by source

Offices (Location-based)

Offices (Market-based)

Datacenters (Location-based)

Datacenters (Market-based)

13,916.61 

9,914.34

4,477.91

1,149.46 

7,381.21

7,203.22

11,108.66 

11,206.14 

14,667.08

7,060.88

2020

1,018.23

28,457.85

19,391.51

3,928.00

33,404.08

24,337.74

2020

15,623.31 

10,706.59

5,846.84

2,024.99 

8,005.92

7,678.16

10,883.56

10,388.01

18,592.52

10,021.73

Note: For both GHG tables above, our 2019 location-based emissions data was updated from our Global Impact ESG Fact Sheet published in June 2020 as follows: 2019 Scope 2 emissions data 

adjusted as a result of updated utility data and corrective data from datacenter feeds; 2019 Scope 3 emissions data (travel data) restated due to change in methodology.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexEmissions intensity

GHG emissions normalized by revenue 
(mtCO2e/$ millions)

Scope 1

Scope 2—Location-based

Scope 2—Market-based

Scope 3—Business travel

GHG emissions normalized by employee 
(mtCO2e/# of employees)

Scope 1

Scope 2—Location-based

Scope 2—Market-based

Scope 3—Business travel

Total energy use

Energy use (in MWh)

Total energy use

Electricity1

% of total

Other fuels1 

% of total

Nonrenewable

% of total

Renewable

% of total

2019 (baseline)

0.38

7.07

4.90

7.65

2019 (baseline)

0.14

2.50

1.73

2.70

2019 (baseline)

78,679.76 

61,510.55

78%

17,169.21 

22%

62,515.31 

79%

16,164.45

21%

58

2020

0.23

6.30

4.30

0.87

2020

0.09

2.44

1.66

0.34

2020

85,974.90

69,396.04

81%

16,578.86

19%

63,118.83

73%

22,856.07

27%

Energy use by region and source

Energy management (in MWh)

2019 (baseline)

2020

Electricity use by region (office and datacenter)7

Total electricity consumed by region

AMER

EMEA

APJ

Electricity use by source

Offices

Datacenters*

40,720.63 

12,707.28 

8,082.65

19,520.42 

41,990.14 

43,413.35

16,823.63 

9,159.06

18,906.67

50,489.37

* Note: In 2020, due to the increase in our datacenter operations globally, our energy consumption for datacenters has increased compared to 2019. In the same year, while most of our office 

locations were closed due to COVID-19, ServiceNow continued to grow our office portfolio globally, which has resulted in a slight decrease in our energy use.

7 Other fuels include natural gas.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexHuman capital

Employees

Total number of employees

New hires

Voluntary turnover rate

Gender

Global % female

Global leaders % female

Global tech % female

Global non-tech % female

Race and ethnicity in the US

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African American

Hispanic or Latino

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two or more races

White

Race and ethnicity in the US—leadership (dir+)

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African American

Hispanic or Latino

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two or more races

White

Race and ethnicity in the US—tech

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African American

Hispanic or Latino

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two or more races

White

Race and ethnicity in the US—non-tech

American Indian or Alaska Native

Asian

Black or African American

Hispanic or Latino

Native Hawaiian or Pacific Islander

Two or more races

White

2018

8,154

2,659

10.1%

27.2%

25.5%

21.8%

30.8%

0.3%

29.9%

2.0%

6.0%

0.4%

2.0%

59.5%

0.0%

19.2%

1.4%

4.0%

0.0%

0.9%

74.5%

0.1%

52.9%

1.5%

5.7%

0.3%

1.7%

37.9%

0.4%

15.8%

2.3%

6.2%

0.4%

2.2%

72.7%

2019

10,371

3,216

10.7%

29.0%

28.2%

22.8%

33.7%

0.3%

31.4%

2.1%

6.2%

0.3%

2.3%

57.4%

0.0%

22.9%

1.3%

3.5%

0.1%

1.3%

70.9%

0.0%

52.4%

1.5%

5.5%

0.3%

2.1%

38.2%

0.5%

16.4%

2.5%

6.7%

0.4%

2.4%

71.7%

59

2020

13,096

3,551

7.0%

29.2%

27.6%

22.9%

34.5%

0.3%

32.2%

2.7%

6.2%

0.3%

2.5%

55.8%

0.0%

24.3%

2.1%

3.9%

0.1%

1.0%

68.6%

0.0%

52.5%

1.9%

5.3%

0.3%

2.2%

37.9%

0.5%

16.5%

3.3%

6.9%

0.4%

2.8%

69.6%

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexCommunity engagement

Community engagement8

Total giving (grants & employee match)

Corporate grants

Corporate employee match*

Employee donations

Employee donation participation

Charitable causes supported

Employee volunteer hours

2019

$1,554,115 

$955,182 

$598,933 

$810,520 

17.5%

1,777

5,467

* ServiceNow provides 1:1 matching up to $1,000 USD per full-time employee annually.

60

2020

$5,035,127

$3,801,665

$1,233,462

$1,605,134 

25.3%

2,626

10,165

8 Program was founded in 2019.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex61

Sustainability Accounting  
Standards Board (SASB)

ServiceNow is committed to transparently disclosing material sustainability information for our investors and other 

stakeholders. The table below references SASB’s Software and IT Services Standard, Version 2018–10, which is most 

relevant to our operations. Unless otherwise specified, the data and descriptions are current as of year-end 2020.  

We will continue to evaluate additional topics and metrics for inclusion in future reports.

Sustainability accounting standards

Metric code

Metric

Response

Environmental footprint of hardware infrastructure

TC-SI-130a.1

TC-SI-130a.1

TC-SI-130a.1

(1) Total energy consumed, (2) percentage grid electricity,  
(3) percentage renewable

Total energy use

(1) Total water withdrawn, (2) total water consumed, percentage of 
each in regions with High or Extremely High Baseline Water Stress

ServiceNow does not currently report on water consumption but 
plans to assess this further in the future. 

Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into 
strategic planning for datacenter needs

Improving datacenter efficiency

Data privacy and freedom of expression

TC-SI-220a.1

Description of policies and practices relating to behavioral 
advertising and user privacy

ServiceNow® privacy statement

TC-SI-220a.2

Number of users whose information is used for secondary purposes Since ServiceNow primarily operates in a B2B environment and 

is not focused on secondary utilization, this information is not 
relevant to this report.

TC-SI-220a.3

TC-SI-220a.4

TC-SI-220a.5

Data security

TC-SI-230a.2

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with user privacy

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or losses as 
a result of legal proceedings with user privacy.

(1) Number of law enforcement requests for user information, 
(2) number of users whose information was requested, 
(3) percentage resulting in disclosure

Since ServiceNow primarily operates in a B2B environment and 
such requests are more likely to be requested from our customers 
directly, this information is not relevant to this report.

List of countries where core products or services are subject 
to government-required monitoring, blocking, content filtering, 
or censoring

ServiceNow complies with any necessary obligations, including, 
but not limited to, requirements under the Foreign Corrupt  
Practices Act and Export Control Regulations.

Description of approach to identifying and addressing  
data security risks, including use of third-party 
cybersecurity standards

Relentlessly protecting data security and privacy

ServiceNow exceeds NIST moderate-impact control requirements, 
and our application security standard is verified by BSIMM.

Recruiting and managing a global, diverse, and skilled workforce

TC-SI-330a.1

Percentage of employees who are (1) foreign nationals 
(2) located offshore

TC-SI-330a.2

Employee engagement as a percentage

ServiceNow headquarters are in Santa Clara, California. At the 
end of 2020, 14.6% of full-time employees in the United States were 
foreign nationals and 0.20% of US employees were located outside 
of the US.

Results from ServiceNow’s 2020 Employee Voice Survey found 
82% of employees are engaged, in line with leading benchmark 
companies driving high growth and high engagement.

TC-SI-330a.3

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic groups as a  
representation for (1) management, (2) technical staff, 
(3) all other employees

Human capital

2021 Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report

Intellectual property protection and competitive behavior

TC-SI-520a.1

Total amount of monetary losses as a result of legal proceedings 
associated with anti-competitive behavior regulations

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or 
losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with 
anti-competitive behavior.

Managing systemic risks from technology disruptions

TC-SI-550a.2

Description of business continuity risks related to disruptions 
of operations

2020 Form 10-K

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexGRI Index

We considered recommended disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), unless otherwise noted, data 

reported covers Jan. 1, 2020-Dec. 31, 2020, ServiceNow’s fiscal year.

62

Disclosure number

Disclosure title

Response

General disclosures

102-1

102-2

102-3

102-4

102-5

102-6

102-7

Name of the organization

Activities, brands, products, and services

Location of headquarters

Location of operations

ServiceNow, Inc. 

2020 Form 10-K

Santa Clara, California

Our global headquarters are in Santa Clara, California, with 73 
offices and 30 datacenters in 29 countries. Here is a list of all  
ServiceNow locations.

Ownership and legal form

Publicly traded Delaware US corporation

Markets served

Scale of the organization

2020 Form 10-K

2020 Form 10-K

2020 Form 10-K

13,096 full-time employees at the end of 2020 

About ServiceNow

102-8

Information on employees and other workers

13,096 total full-time employees

Globally, 29.2% of all full-time employees are women.

27.6% of global leaders (directors and above)* are women.

Human capital

2020 Form 10-K

ServiceNow does not have a significant portion of the company’s 
activities performed by workers who are not employees. 

ServiceNow does not have a significant seasonal variation 
in employees.

102-9

102-10

102-11

102-12

102-13

102-14

102-15

102-16

Supply chain

Sustainable procurement

Significant changes to the organization and its supply chain

Precautionary principle or approach

Not applicable, 2021 Global Impact Report is ServiceNow’s 
first report.

We consider the precautionary principle in the introduction of a 
new product or process whose ultimate effects are disputed or 
unknown should be resisted.

External initiatives

Membership of associations

Memberships and recognitions

Memberships and recognitions

Statement from senior decision-maker

CEO letter

Key impacts, risks, and opportunities

Values, principles, standards, and norms of behavior

ESG materiality 

Now, more than ever

2020 Form 10-K

Code of Ethics 

High ethics, high expectations

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexDisclosure number

Disclosure title

Response

General disclosures

63

Governance structure

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

Delegating authority

Corporate Governance

About this report

Executive-level responsibility for economic, environmental, and 
social topics

Our head of global impact reports to our chief financial officer.

Composition of the board and its committees

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

Whether the chair of the board is also an executive officer

We post select information about our board of directors on our 
website.

Frederic B. Luddy is chairman of the board of directors and is not 
an executive officer.

Nominating and selecting the board and its committees

Nominating and Governance Committee Charter

Role of board in setting purpose, values, and strategy

See 2021 Proxy Statement (Nominations Process and Director 
Qualifications) on the Investor Relations page.

See 2021 Proxy Statement (Nominations Process and Director 
Qualifications) on the Investor Relations page.

Annual total compensation ratio

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

List of stakeholder groups

Stakeholders

Collective bargaining agreements

102-42

Identifying and selecting stakeholders

Approach to stakeholder engagement

Key topics and concerns raised

None of our US employees are represented by a labor union. 
Employees in certain European countries are represented 
by workers’ councils and may have the benefits of collective 
bargaining arrangements at the national level. 

ServiceNow engages with stakeholders who have impact and 
interest in issues important to ServiceNow.

ESG materiality 

Stakeholders

Stakeholders

ESG materiality 

Stakeholders

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

Entities included in the consolidated financial statements

2020 Form 10-K

Defining report content and topic boundaries

List of material topics

About this report

ESG materiality 

ESG materiality 

Restatements of information

Not applicable since this is our first Global Impact Report.

Changes in reporting

Not applicable since this is our first Global Impact Report.

Reporting period

About this report

Jan. 1, 2020–Dec. 31, 2020

Date of most recent previous report

This is ServiceNow’s first Global Impact Report.

Reporting cycle

Annual

Contact point for questions regarding the report

global.impact@servicenow.com

GRI content index

External assurance

GRI content index

Not applicable; we plan to assure our environmental data in 
future reports.

102-18

102-19

102-20

102-22

102-23

102-24

102-26

102-38

102-40

102-41

102-43

102-44

102-45

102-46

102-47

102-48

102-49

102-50

102-51

102-52

102-53

102-55

102-56

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex64

Disclosure number

Disclosure title

Response

Economic disclosures

Management approach

103-1

103-2

103-3

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

2020 Form 10-K

Management approach and its components

Evaluation of the management approach

2020 Form 10-K

2020 Form 10-K

Economic performance

201-1

201-2

201-3

Indirect economic impact

Direct economic value generated and distributed

2020 Form 10-K

Financial implications and other risks and opportunities due to 
climate change

Defined benefit plan obligations and other retirement plans

Championing a resource-efficient, net zero carbon environment

ServiceNow does not have pensions or non-qualified deferred 
compensation. Here is a full list of benefits for US employees.

203-2

Significant indirect economic impacts

Advancing our cause through community engagement

Anti-corruption

205-2

Anti-competitive behavior

206-1

Tax

 207-1 

 207-2 

Environmental disclosures

Management approach

103-1

103-2

103-3

Energy

302-1

302-2

302-4

Communication and training about anti-corruption policies and 
procedures

High ethics, high expectations

All new hires are required to complete a Code of Ethics training 
within 45 days of joining the company.

Legal actions for anti-competitive behavior, anti-trust, and 
monopoly practices

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or losses as 
a result of legal actions associated with anti-competitive behavior, 
anti-trust, or monopoly practices.

Approach to tax including tax strategy, oversight of tax strategy

ServiceNow approach to tax 

The governance body or executive-level position within the  
organization accountable for compliance with the tax strategy

ServiceNow approach to tax  

ServiceNow’s vice president of tax is accountable for compliance 
with the company’s tax strategy. 

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

Now, more than ever

Management approach and its components

Climate and energy

Waste

Evaluation of the management approach

Climate and energy

Waste

Energy consumption within the organization 

GHG emissions and energy use

Energy consumption outside of the organization

Reduction of energy consumption

ServiceNow does not currently track energy consumption outside 
the organization but may do so in the future. 

ServiceNow does not currently track the reductions in energy 
consumption directly related to efficiency initiatives but may do 
so in the future.

ServiceNow does not sell hardware and, therefore, does not  
currently track the reduction in energy requirements of products. 

302-5

Reduction in energy requirements of products and services

Emissions

305-1

305-2

Direct (Scope 1) GHG emissions

Greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e)

Energy indirect (Scope 2) GHG emissions

Greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e)

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex65

Disclosure number

Disclosure title

Response

Emissions (cont’d)

305-3

305-4

305-5

305-6

305-7

Waste

306-4

Environmental compliance

Other indirect (Scope 3) GHG emissions

Greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e)

GHG emissions intensity

Reduction of GHG emissions

Emissions intensity

Greenhouse gas emissions (mtCO2e)

Emissions of ozone-depleting substances (ODS)

ServiceNow does not currently track emissions of ozone-depleting 
substances.

Nitrogen oxides (NOX), sulfur oxides (SOX), and other significant 
air emissions

ServiceNow does not currently track emissions of ozone-depleting 
substances.

Waste diverted from disposal

Nothing to waste. Everything to gain.

ServiceNow does not currently track operational waste metrics.

307-1

Noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations

In 2020, there were no findings of noncompliance with 
environmental laws and regulations. 

Employment

Management approach

103-1

103-2

103-3

Employment

401-1

401-2

Explanation of the material topic and its boundaries

Making work more equitable, accessible, and rewarding for all

Management approach and its components

Making work more equitable, accessible, and rewarding for all

Evaluation of the management approach

Making work more equitable, accessible, and rewarding for all

New employee hires and employee turnover

In 2020, there were 3,552 new employees hired globally, and there 
was a 7% global voluntary attrition rate. We do not currently report 
new employee hires and turnover by gender and age group.

Benefits provided to full-time employees that are not provided to 
temporary or part-time employees

ServiceNow operates globally and, therefore, benefits vary 
between countries of operation. 

401-3

Parental leave

Occupational health and safety

403-1

Occupational health and safety management system

US employees working more than 20 hours a week are eligible 
to participate in ServiceNow’s benefits plan, which includes 
healthcare, life insurance, disability, parental leave, and 401(k), 
among others. A full list of benefits for US employees can be 
found on our Benefits page.

We offer employees around the world generous family leave, 
including 12–20 weeks of fully paid parental leave in the US for  
welcoming a new child through birth, adoption, foster placement, 
or surrogacy. We intend to report more details on those  
participating in parental leave in the 2022 Global Impact Report 
for reporting Jan. 1, 2021,-Dec. 31, 2021.

ServiceNow has implemented an occupational health and safety 
system as outlined in our Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy; 
Contractor Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy; and US Injury 
and Illness Prevention Program Policy. Our EH&S policy defines  
ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health 
and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for  
contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with 
environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum 
standard. ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, 
health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces 
for its employees, contractors, and visitors. 

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexDisclosure number

Disclosure title

Response

66

Occupational health and safety (cont’d)

403-2

Hazard identification, risk assessment, and incident investigation

403-3

Occupational health services

403-5

Worker training on occupational health, and safety

These issues are addressed in ServiceNow's Environmental, 
Health, and Safety Policy; Contractor Environmental, Health, and 
Safety Policy; US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy; 
and Ergonomics Policy. Our EH&S policy defines ServiceNow’s 
commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of 
its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and 
visitors to our sites, and complying with environmental, health, and 
safety legislation as a minimum standard. ServiceNow recognizes 
the importance of environmental, health, and safety best practices 
in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, 
and visitors. 

ServiceNow’s Workplace Security and Safety Team, within 
Workplace Services, is responsible for this area. These issues are 
addressed in ServiceNow's Environmental, Health, and Safety 
Policy; Contractor Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy; US 
Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy; and Ergonomics Policy. 
Our EH&S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the 
occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe 
environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying 
with environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum 
standard. ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, 
health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces 
for its employees, contractors, and visitors. 

We provide our employees with information, training and, where 
needed, equipment to foster a culture of health and safety and 
to support safe work practices. These issues are addressed in 
ServiceNow’s Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy; Contractor 
Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy; US Injury and Illness 
Prevention Program Policy; and Ergonomics Policy. Our EH&S policy 
defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational 
health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment 
for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with 
environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum 
standard. ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, 
health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces 
for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

403-8

Workers covered by an occupational health, and safety  
management system

All employees are covered by ServiceNow's Environmental, Health, 
and Safety Policy.

Trainings and education

404-1

404-2

404-3

Average hours of training per year per employee

Programs for upgrading employee skills and transition  
assistance programs

The average hours of training per employee in 2020 was 58 for 
job-specific training, not including HR and compliance training, 
and 20 hours for technical training.

ServiceNow offers a variety of programs for upgrading employees’ 
skills, including Lead at Now, Manager Journey, BetterUp Coaching, 
and WalkMe. 

Percentage of employees receiving regular performance and 
career development reviews

All employees receive regular performance and career 
development reviews.

Diversity and equal opportunity

405-1

Diversity of governance bodies and employees 

405-2

Ratio of basic salary and remuneration of women to men

We disclose gender and ethnicity data for leadership level. 
Leadership is defined as director level and above. 

Human capital

Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report 2021

Because pay equity is so dynamic, especially in a high-growth 
company like ours, we manage it on an ongoing basis and do 
regular analyses and adjustments. This approach has led us to 
achieve systematic pay equity company-wide and ensures we 
maintain that pay equity on an ongoing basis.

Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report 2021

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex67

Disclosure number

Disclosure title

Response

Local communities

413-1

Operations with local community engagement, impact  
assessments, and development programs

Employees are encouraged to dedicate up to 20 hours/year of 
working time toward volunteerism.

Advancing our cause through community engagement

Global Impact ESG Fact Sheet

415-1

Political contributions

ServiceNow did not make any political contributions in 2020.

Marketing and labeling

417-2

417-3

Customer privacy

418-1

Incidents of noncompliance concerning product and  
service information and labeling

Incidents of noncompliance concerning marketing  
communications

To date, the organization has not identified any noncompliance 
with regulations or voluntary codes concerning marketing 
communications.

To date, the organization has not identified any noncompliance 
with regulations or voluntary codes concerning marketing 
communications.

Substantiated complaints concerning breaches of customer  
privacy and losses of customer data

ServiceNow is committed to protecting its customers, and 
we comply with all relevant legal and regulatory notification 
requirements that are applicable to our business.

Socioeconomic compliance

419-1

Noncompliance with laws and regulations in the social and 
economic area

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or 
nonmonetary sanctions for noncompliance with laws or regulations  
in the social and economic area.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data AnnexServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will 

receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual 

orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status.

©2021 ServiceNow, Inc. All rights reserved. ServiceNow, the ServiceNow logo, and other 

ServiceNow marks are trademarks and/or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in  

the United States and/or other countries. Other company and product names may be 

trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

©2021 FORTUNE Media IP Limited. All rights reserved. Used under license. FORTUNE,  

FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Companies, and FORTUNE 100 Best Places to Work are 

registered trademarks of FORTUNE Media IP Limited and are used under license. FORTUNE  
is not affiliated with, and does not endorse the products or services of, ServiceNow.

servicenow.com/global-impact

We’re living through unprecedented experiences that are forever changing how we think, live, and work.

To lean into our purpose of making the world of work, work better for people.

To support our customers in their digital transformation journeys.

To show empathy and support for our employees as they adapt to a fully digital work environment.

To unite all of our employees around the challenges of the day by creating positive, lasting impact.

One that helps our employees, customers, shareholders, and communities thrive.

One that leads with our core business, our Now Platform , and solutions to workflow a world that’s more sustainable, more equitable, and more ethical.

The stories from this past year demonstrate the power of our employees and our workflow solutions to change the world helping our business, our customers, and our communities achieve the boldest of goals.

Our Global Impact Report marks the first time we’ve publicly reported on our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) programs and initiatives in a comprehensive way.

Although much of this work isn’t new, we’re just beginning our ESG reporting journey.

This report covers our efforts to identify our most material ESG issues, articulate our global impact strategy, and establish a baseline from which we’ll enhance both our performance and disclosure in the coming years.

It details our efforts and aspirations across our global impact strategy.

For more information on our ESG materiality issues, see our data annex at the end of this report.

This report contains figures that have been rounded or approximated.

Certain reclassifications of data from previous public disclosures may be made to conform to current period presentation.

ServiceNow’s purpose centers on people dreaming, innovating, and creating a better world for everyone.

So, when the events of 2020 turned the world upside down, we stepped up to make a difference.

We listened, we learned and, most importantly, we supported our customers, employees, and communities through a series of interconnected crises.

We’ve always stayed true to our purpose of making the world of work, work better for people.

This purpose guides us and inspires us as we tackle this once in a generation opportunity to change the way the world works.

In 2020, we brought together our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives under one strategy to use the collective strength of our employees, our Now Platform and workflows, our partnerships, and our financial resources.

Our global impact efforts are becoming part of our DNA here at ServiceNow.

We have a bold overarching vision: to workflow a better world.

We will harness the reach of our business and power of our Now Platform to help our customers and stakeholders workflow positive ESG outcomes.

We’re proud to share with you our first Global Impact Report to give you insights into the ESG issues most important to the success of our business and our stakeholders.

Creating equitable opportunity by making work more equitable, accessible, and rewarding for all people.

Acting with integrity by building trust through ethical, transparent, and secure business practices.

Our ambition is to become the defining enterprise software company of the 21st century one that helps our employees, customers, shareholders, and communities thrive and create positive impact on the world.

This report contains forward looking statements that are based on our management’s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to management.

Such forward looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed global impact strategy relating to future operations, potential growth opportunities, and plans and objectives of management.

Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements.

Factors that may cause actual results to differ materially from those in any forward looking statements include, without limitation, changes in global economic conditions unexpected delays, difficulties, and expenses in executing against our ESG goals set forth in this report and changes in the environmental regulatory landscape.

Further information on factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10 K and our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and in our other SEC filings.

We cannot guarantee that we’ll achieve the plans, intentions, or expectations disclosed in our forward looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward looking statements.

Forward looking statements represent our management’s beliefs and assumptions only as of the date of this report.

We undertake no obligation, and do not intend to update the forward looking statements.

We believe that behind every great experience is a great workflow.

Our company, platform, products, and brand are built with the knowledge that the future of work is getting smarter, and we can improve people’s lives by making work more meaningful and fulfilling.

Our solutions create great experiences, unlock productivity, and strengthen economies, societies, and the environment.

Future 50 and World’s Most Admired Companies are trademarks of FORTUNE Media IP Limited and are used under license.

FORTUNE and FORTUNE Media IP Limited are not affiliated with, and do not endorse products or services of, ServiceNow.

Throughout this report, you’ll see again and again work validating our purpose to make the world of work, how we’re capitalizing on the collective strengths of work better for people.

ServiceNow to create positive change in the world. world work better, too.

As we consider the progress we’ve made and look ahead to what’s next, we know there’s much more work to do.

This report outlines the three key pillars of our global impact strategy and shares our goals, metrics, progress, and aspirations for each.

Building off the ESG materiality assessment we conducted with third party sustainability adviser BSR, we’ve set an ambitious course for the future, including our bold new environmental goals.

We’ll set additional goals and commitments in the coming year.

Our strong employee engagement, the power of the Now Platform and our market leading product workflows, our broad industry partnerships, and our commitment to giving our time, money, and resources to issues we care about demonstrate the breadth and depth of our resolve.

We’ll workflow a better world by addressing climate change, empowering our employees and communities to create more inclusive opportunities for everyone, and building trust and partnership with our stakeholders.

Championing a resource efficient, net zero carbon planet.

Making work more equitable, accessible, and rewarding for people.

Workflow a better world is one of our guiding principles and has been since our founding.

It’s ingrained in our corporate strategy and a bold vision for our global impact.

ESG into the Now Platform, enabling change in the world one workflow at a time.

It’s about creating great experiences that make work more meaningful.

The Now Platform is intelligent, agile, secure, reliable, and deeply trusted.

This makes it a powerful and flexible platform to create positive change be it more equitable communities, better governance, or a more sustainable planet.

We know that as a leader in the workflow revolution, we can help make the world work better not only through our own internal operations, but also by helping our customers, partners, and communities achieve their sustainability goals.

There is no better experience than giving someone a piece of technology that lets them do something they never thought they could do.

In addition to helping all work can happen anywhere, anytime proving that of our customers create efficiencies that reduce costs, working in a digital, distributed environment works.

Digital workflows will continue to power the future of work, and ServiceNow is uniquely positioned to lead the way.

We know that the more we connect people and processes across organizations and digitize mundane tasks, the more people can focus on the meaningful and creative parts of their jobs.

Providing the platform of platforms that connects people, functions, and systems to drive innovation, increase business agility, and unlock productivity.

Unlocking opportunity and enabling people to focus on the meaningful and creative parts of their jobs.

This includes using information about climate, people, security, compliance, and other risks to drive business decisions, as well as powering our customers’ global impact efforts and resiliency by identifying high impact risks.

Engaging people and transforming the employee experience, especially in times of disruption.

This ranges from virtually onboarding new hires to making going back to work, work safely for everyone.

Delivering solutions to reimagine the customer experience and help customers meet the challenges of our time whether it’s streamlining customer service or monitoring and managing critical infrastructure.

Giving organizations low code development tools that enable developers of every skill level across the enterprise to quickly and easily build workflow applications that power their own global impact efforts.

Suite, to help our customers maintain business continuity and keep their employees safely working in new environments.

Administration Management solutions released in early 2021.

Creator Workflows, these solutions make it possible for our customers and communities to workflow their way through the pandemic’s business challenges either by deploying existing ServiceNow workflow solutions or by building custom applications.

Digital transformation is the only way out, the only way forward.

The Now Platform readiness to return to work, and quickly enables our customers to quickly react and identifying exposure risk when an employee build apps that address use is diagnosed with an illness.

In March 2020, we released our Emergency Response Management apps at no charge to customers through September 2020.

COVID 19 crisis management including move on versus having to wait in the line.

Public Health guidelines, the school board used ServiceNow to create an ambitious health screening app.

Within a month of launch, the app was being used by 51,000 students and staff each day.

Read more about TDSB’s use of our Safe Workplace Suite.

In May 2020, as the world looked ahead to positions on the incident management ensuring employee health and workplace team.

They created an Emergency Response Operations app on the Now Platform to manage their own COVID 19 situation, and they donated it for use by other safety, we released four apps to make going back to work, work for everyone.

Our Safe Workplace Suite now includes nine apps that do everything from health screening organizations and public agencies.

This includes managing personal protective critical locations.

COVID 19 testing, and employee vaccination preparedness at the state and local government levels.

More than 900 organizations have installed the Safe Workplace Suite.

Before any vaccines were even approved, needing a COVID 19 vaccination, we started developing solutions to address administering billions of shots in the arm vaccine management.

Customer Service Management solution enormous workflow challenge.

The sheer size and following CDC and WHO guidelines, of vaccine rollout and its need for speed is we brought multiple workflow use cases almost incomprehensible.

COVID 19 vaccines is the greatest workflow challenge of our time.

The solution needed to be able to confirm eligibility, manage consent forms, schedule appointments, send reminders, manage distribution, and track second doses.

Management solution in January 2021 during the early stages of vaccine rollout.

ServiceNow is named a leader in The Forrester Wave : Governance, Risk, and Compliance Platforms, Q1, 2020.

Our Risk Management app has the potential to address environmental, social, and governance issues, helping our customers manage their suppliers’ commitment to environmental sustainability, human rights, security, and data privacy.

It also helps our customers ensure business continuity in their processes, technology, facilities, personnel, and supply chain during natural and human made disasters.

Manufacturing: To demonstrate important compliance in ethical and responsible supply chains.

Cosmetics: To help ensure customers’ personal information in the various countries in which they operate is used responsibly and safely.

Fairview Health Services depends heavily on its IT infrastructure to connect patient systems and enhance patient care experiences.

With more than 1,500 live applications, many of which are mission critical, these applications must be highly available, including in the event of a disaster.

The organization uses ServiceNow Business Continuity Management (BCM) to unify disaster recovery, business continuity, and IT service management into a complete business resilience solution.

Maria Rothstein, DR analyst and ITSM office manager, Fairview Health.

Every ServiceNow colleague recognizes our individual and collective responsibility to prioritize the planet’s health.

For us, sustainability and environmental protection are more than just priorities they are core to our vision and strategy.

As climate change continues to advance, we see the companies set science based reduction targets.

We’ll devasting effects of rising temperatures and extreme draft and validate a plan in 2021 for our goal of net zero.

By committing to SBTi, we’re signaling our intent goals to do our part to accelerate decarbonization to provide full transparency into our net zero journey. and to advance the circular economy.

Our efforts and reporting are grounded in science.

We’re focusing on initiatives that are material to us and term strategies and plans for our priority environmental will result in real outcomes and a positive impact on our issues, including climate and energy, sustainable environment.

Based Targets initiative (SBTi), which drives ambitious such as water consumption.

Use 100% renewable energy by the end of 2021 for office and datacenter operations.

Be carbon neutral by the end of 2021 across our office and datacenter operations, and corporate travel.

Achieve net zero before 2050 across our entire value chain in accordance with SBTi criteria.

It’s a challenge and implement ServiceNow sustainable workflow we’re ready to tackle.

By using science as our solutions in our own operations, we’ll make them guide, we’ve laid the groundwork to achieve these available to our customers.

We’re committed to driving resource efficiency wherever possible.

Two of our greatest opportunities to reduce our environmental impact increase our renewable energy footprint, we sourced include using our datacenter resources more efficiently renewable energy for our Santa Clara headquarters and increasing capacity across our global cloud.

In San Diego, we bought solar power from the panels on our campus roofs, which accounts for approximately 13% of our annual power use.

In 2021, we’ll start buying high quality, certified, and localized renewable energy credits (RECs) to offset the dirty grid power consumed by the company in locations around the world.

These initial steps will put us on track to meet our 100% renewable energy goal by the end of 2021.

To help make sure we’re meeting our future demand for renewable energy, and that we’re adding renewable energy sources to the global grid, we’ll also enter into virtual power purchasing agreements (VPPAs) by the end of 2021.

We’ll explore an aggregated market VPPA and opportunities to do this with our partners and customers, too.

We’ve made lifecycle management improvements throughout our cloud infrastructure that allow us to optimize power efficiency, reduce our datacenter footprint, and select the most efficient equipment to meet our business requirements.

When sourcing our hardware and our co location providers, our RFPs include a set of environmental criteria to ensure they meet our business requirements.

In 2021, we’ll work with independent, industry leading consultants to advise us on sustainable site selection, help us create further efficiencies, and lower our environmental impact.

We’ll also expand our datacenter operations team to ensure we create and incorporate global sustainability standards to achieve our net zero aspirations.

Capture and analyze real time environmental data in our ServiceNow platform, establish baseline measurements, and improve year over year.

Implement scalable datacenter infrastructure designs that future proof multiple network lifecycle generations.

Reduce material packaging and site deliveries for all new datacenter builds and ongoing cloud scaling projects.

The carbon impact of our Future of Work initiative.

We’ll use 2019 as our baseline response, we created our Future of Work (FoW) initiative year and commit to a much more aggressive schedule to reimagine the way we work at ServiceNow.

A key than the 2050 timeline set by the Paris Agreement.

In 2020, we worked with a third party firm, Anthesis prefer to work.

In 2020, we collected feedback from employees on validation work, including the in depth Scope 3 their work preferences for a post pandemic world, baseline assessment, which will inform our future and we’ll continue to do so throughout 2021 to inform net zero efforts across our value chain.

Post COVID, we expect began structuring our cross functional efforts internally approximately 20% of our workforce to work from home to ensure our business is aligned for the long term full time, with the majority of employees working from success of our net zero efforts.

In 2021, we’ll start purchasing high quality offsets from projects that permanently remove carbon from the atmosphere.

We’ll invest primarily in solutions that employees decide to work from home, at the office, or a hybrid of the two, the option of working closer to home could have a direct impact on our environmental efforts.

We’ll continue to collect all necessary inputs for our ensure there are social benefits as well.

At the same time, we’ll generate a roadmap for our commitment to net zero carbon as per SBTi (including Scope 3 emissions).

Once both of those activities have matured, we’ll be able to better assess their impact on our carbon footprint.

Due to the pandemic, 2020 was not a representative year for corporate travel.

We’ve started to rethink the future of travel and, in 2021, we’ll roll out our new corporate travel program, which will focus on the absolute reduction of our Scope 3 emissions.

We’ll prioritize video calls over air travel and will increase travel approval thresholds.

We’ll also educate our employees on the carbon impact of their travel and offer less carbon intensive alternatives when available.

We select vendors and partners that agree to adhere to our sustainability practices and requirements, where practical. achieve certification when practical.

We select buildings that have achieved a recognized sustainability certification (e.g., LEED, BREEAM) when practical.

We prioritize buildings that have access to public transportation, are bicycle friendly, and provide EV chargers.

We operate our buildings responsibly by monitoring and controlling for greenhouse gas emissions self generating our own power where practical ensuring efficient use of water and managing our waste stream to minimize what goes into landfills.

We prioritize sustainable products including organics in our food programs where practical.

We recycle, reuse, or responsibly dispose of retired equipment and fixtures used in service of our operations.

We require advanced approval and business justification for all air and rail travel.

We widely employ collaboration tools such as video conferencing, including for remote employees, to help provide a viable alternative to travel.

We monitor and report internally our greenhouse gas emissions related to air travel.

We provide carpooling or company sponsored shuttles in key concentrated markets.

We offer flexible work arrangements to many employees, a byproduct of which is reduced commuting.

We select datacenter operations and facilities that have demonstrable sustainability practices where practical.

We utilize energy efficient equipment (servers, etc.) and architecture in our datacenter operations.

We monitor our energy consumption at the rack level, and we report internally material changes to greenhouse gas emissions across our datacenter portfolio.

We recycle, reuse, or responsibly dispose of retired equipment (servers, etc.) used in our datacenter operations.

Note: From 2022 onward, we will continue to use direct renewable energy where possible and buy RECs where required to help ensure our 100% renewable status is achieved each fiscal year.

Invest in projects that remove carbon from across our value chain. high quality offset program. the atmosphere.

Our 2019 location based emissions data was updated from our Global Impact ESG Fact Sheet published in June 2020 as follows: 2019 Scope 2 emissions data adjusted as a result of updated utility data and corrective data from datacenter feeds 2019 Scope 3 emissions data (travel data) restated due to change in methodology.

Calculations consistent with Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol.

Where actual energy bills were not available, emissions were estimated using the Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) database.

Office and datacenter emissions include electricity and natural gas.

Corporate travel emissions data provided by third party travel vendor and measured per flights using DEFRA estimation methods.

Calculations consistent with Greenhouse Gas (GHG) Protocol and The Climate Registry’s General Reporting Protocol.

Where actual energy bills were not available, emissions were estimated using the Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (CBECS) database.

In 2020, due to the increase in our datacenter operations globally, our energy consumption for datacenters increased compared to 2019.

Also in 2020, while we continued to grow our office portfolio globally, most of our office locations were closed due to COVID 19, which resulted in a slight decrease in our energy use.

Numbers for 2019 are rounded for purpose of the graph.

Strengthening opportunities for investing in more sustainable supplier relationships.

To reinforce our commitment to responsible procurement, we have a strong supplier code of conduct, and we select suppliers who share our values and help us fulfill our purpose.

We’re currently developing a framework to better understand our suppliers’ baselines for diversity, sustainability, and financial health.

By assessing where we are today, we can better position ourselves for continuous improvement over time.

We spent time in 2020 evaluating our operations to identify the biggest opportunities to drive accountability across our supplier ecosystem.

London was designed and built to meet BREEAM Excellent certifications, putting its environmental, social, and economic performance in the top 10% of buildings worldwide.

Our office space was delivered with various prominent circular elements, such as reclaimed bricks and wood, recycled upholstery and laminates, energy efficient lighting, and large amounts of biophilic elements.

This project is an example of the kind of work environments we want to build.

It was featured in our first sustainability and wellness prospectus, which is available for our employees and customers.

We’ll continue to develop programs for our built environment, including capturing metrics for energy, water, and waste for all of our future projects.

This will help us develop a programmatic plan for year over year improvements.

In 2021, we’ll establish baselines for measuring our sustainable procurement practices.

We look forward to disclosing more on these efforts in next year’s report.

Although early in our journey, we’re exploring all possible ways to avoid the take, make, waste approach and promote more sustainable and circular practices that have environmental and social benefit.

We collect the equipment and use our software to wipe it clean, certify it, and donate it to organizations in our local communities in an almost no touch manner.

When equipment can’t be repurposed, we responsibly recycle or dispose of it through our recycling partners.

In 2021, we’ll be building out programs across the enterprise with the focus on avoiding and reducing waste from various streams coming from our operations.

Data for retired datacenter equipment from June 2020 ESG Fact Sheet represented from Jan. 1, 2019 through May 31, 2020 we now provide full year 2019 and 2020 data.

The future of work must mean more opportunities for more people.

Everyone has a right to belong, to participate, and to reach their full potential.

Companies have a critical role to play in helping to build a more inclusive world.

In the midst of a pandemic, the resulting economic disruption, and ongoing racial injustice and civil unrest, we’re being tested to our core.

This has accelerated our efforts in creating equitable opportunity for all not only by further cultivating diversity, inclusion, and belonging, but also by keeping our employees safe, supported, and engaged closing the digital skills gap to enhance our ecosystem talent pipeline and making the future of work more accessible and rewarding to all.

In April 2020, we made a no layoff pledge to protect the jobs of all our employees globally, promising no layoffs in talent.

With the economic uncertainty stemming from the everything we do from distributed and digitally enabled pandemic, we didn’t want our employees worrying about work environments that help us do our best work to their jobs.

By focusing them on supporting our customers, benefits and a culture that encourage employees to stay we did our part to help get the US and global economy healthy, happy, engaged, and growing.

We welcomed approximately 360 college interns from around the world to work across our business during the summer, and we provided these students with valuable career experience all from a safe and productive home environment.

As we navigated this new environment, our focus shifted to providing ongoing support that helped employees feel safe, supported, and engaged.

This included keeping employees informed of the latest guidance on working from home, travel, and technology usage, and providing resources to help them in their new world of work.

Most importantly, we developed programs, communications, and activities focused on engagement and wellness to ensure employees stayed inspired by our purpose, connected to our cultural values, and motivated by their work.

I’m thankful I get to experience what it is like to work at a company that prioritizes its people because I now understand the impact of work culture.

We gave every full time employee a perk allowance to use for wellness items and technology, such as tutoring for their kids, laptops for distance learning, exercise equipment, and more.

We led ongoing wellness sessions focused on mental health, issues facing working families, and topics of racial equity brought forward by the pandemic.

We had to rethink our learning and development curriculum and delivery.

Using our Now Platform, we pivoted quickly, digitizing our programs, launching new ones, and accelerating what we already had in place.

Continued our Power of 10 leadership program for women in director positions and above, with more than 60% participation, inclusive people leaders.

We had 90% of achieving the same satisfaction scores to bring groups of 10 women together from managers participate with more than 90% as when it was conducted in person.

Rolled out the company’s first Dream Big goal setting program to encourage employees to set personal performance and make compensation and professional goals. decisions with less bias.

Our workplaces will continue to be spaces where we communities prepare for the future of work that’s connect, collaborate, celebrate our culture, and come being shaped by digital transformation, AI, and together for the moments that matter.

Inside and outside ServiceNow, how we work and where we work have been decoupled forever.

The workflow employee engagement and provide an unmatched employee experience that helps everyone feel they belong and can achieve their full potential.

We’ll continue to create a sustainable work culture that the power of workflows to enable work to happen embraces business outcomes, focusing on how work anywhere, anytime.

As the world reopens, we’ll innovate, observe, learn, and adapt together.

We’ll explore and test new ways of working and staying connected in a primarily gets done, not where.

We’ll encourage collaboration, strong teams, and diversity, inclusion, and belonging.

And we’ll foster career development, a growth mindset, and customer success.

We’ll also continue to focus on safety, flexibility, and the digital workflow revolution through a flexible engagement.

We’ll open our world of work to a more work model.

We’ll stay connected in a primarily diverse talent pool by recruiting different types of roles flexible model with some teams coming into the and recruiting in new areas to execute against our workplace more often due to roles, responsibilities, commitment to diversity, inclusion, and belonging, and business priorities.

We formed our DIBs community and introduced seven our purpose to make the world of work, work better for new employee led Belonging Groups, our version of people.

It’s our responsibility to ensure our collective employee resource groups.

Alongside their members, voice represents that world.

We’ve been on a mission to create change for our employees, customers, and communities.

In 2020, the world experienced a pandemic, racial injustice, and civil unrest and no one was exempt.

Since we couldn’t change the situation, we focused on changing our mindset.

Diversity, inclusion, and belonging are intentionally integrated throughout our business operations, talent strategies, and leadership behaviors and expectations.

Our entire portfolio of programs is interconnected.

By looking at our people programs holistically, we build fair systems of opportunity and treatment for everyone in our company.

Because pay equity is so dynamic, especially in a high growth company like ours, we manage it on an ongoing basis and perform regular analyses and adjustments.

This approach has led us to achieve systematic pay equity company wide and ensures we maintain that pay equity.

It will drive us forward every day, toward new outcomes.

This change will guide us as we create a space for belonging where all people can thrive.

You can learn more about how we’re creating change in our Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report 2021.

The true impact of our efforts to increase digital skills hits home when we see how lives are transformed as a result.

For example, Ebony A. had 2 in her pocket and was struggling to support her family.

But, thanks to all the people who believed in her and our nonprofit partnership with TechBridge, she’s now a ServiceNow system administrator at Wellstar Health System.

He was working in retail and unhappy with the direction of his life when he met our NextGen degree program architect.

Today, he’s a junior ServiceNow developer at Methods.

These are only two examples of how our NextGen Professionals Program is putting people in our communities on a path to more rewarding and sustainable careers in the digital workforce.

Launched in early 2019, the NextGen program invests in digital skills training and employment for marginalized and underserved populations.

It’s working to create a diverse talent pipeline by teaching digital literacy skills and helping those whose skills are no longer relevant in today’s digital world.

Even more important is the focus on helping participants find meaningful employment.

NextGen has been the best program we’ve ever participated in during our five years with ServiceNow.

We’ve onboarded 16 new students in an extremely well coordinated, well planned program in less than seven weeks.

The same onboarding usually takes six months, with a bigger dropout rate due to attention, focus, and other reasons.

MIT Solve Digital Workforce Challenge employers in our ecosystem to understand the specific, early in career talent needs in a given community.

Then, the program develops those skills in participants so that, within a year, our graduates get rewarding jobs that lead to financial security.

Degree program: In partnership with Northeastern University in London, we’ve integrated ServiceNow technology into their curriculum, helping to develop the digital, business, and leadership skills needed to succeed in today’s workplace.

The degree is free to the learner and employer, providing equal opportunity to all.

Reskilling program: We’re working to help veterans, women returning to the workplace, and those with technology transferable skills transition into today’s digital workforce.

I once had a rich professional career in IT until I became a mother and lost my subject matter expertise, said one participant in the program.

The collaboration between ServiceNow, DXC, and the University of St. Gallen has created an amazing opportunity to learn skills that are in high demand, she added.

Read more about our Women Back to Business program.

Government program: We’re collaborating with national and regional governments and workforce development agencies to build and execute digital skills initiatives for underrepresented minorities, women, the less abled sector, and indigenous populations.

It was part of our Digital Workforce Challenge, which we sponsored with MIT Solve.

Participants were challenged to come up with innovative, scalable, and sustainable solutions that aim to solve the growing skills and job vacancies gap by increasing access to opportunity in underserved populations.

The grand prize winner was ChargerHelp , a female, minority owned social enterprise that partners with local workforce development agencies to train and employ electric vehicle (EV) charging station technicians and increase electric vehicle adoption.

After receiving an in kind donation of our Field Service Management workflow solution, ChargerHelp doubled its service contracts in 2020.

Read more about the winners and their inspiring stories.

Creating equitable opportunity extends beyond our digital transformation.

We’re working to make the communities literacy and skills, food security, and employee giving in which we live and work more equitable, too.

All efforts included an emphasis on our purpose means ensuring the wider community can diversity and inclusion in underrepresented communities.

We stepped up with an additional 100,000 insecurity face a tough road to successful in support, and we’re in the early stages degree completion.

Our objective is to help raise increase efficiencies, reduce costs, and awareness of the urgent issue of student ensure the health and safety of its staff hunger and support 1 million healthy, and volunteers.

Food Program, and UNICEF. skyrocketed with the loss of volunteers.

We’ve always said that we can’t solve hunger alone.

ServiceNow has consistently provided vital volunteer and funding support to help us offer relief to those in our community who needed it most.

As a purpose driven company, we for most of 2020, yet we still logged more encourage our employees to live their than 10,000 volunteer hours often through passion and leverage their time, talent, innovative digital approaches such as and resources to support the causes most recording audio books for children who important to them.

And we give them the are visually impaired or in the hospital.

COVID 19 and the resulting work from home mandate made volunteering difficult neighbors, making face masks, and more.

After losing his brother to suicide, Damien D. channeled his grief into climbing the three highest peaks in England, Scotland, and Wales to raise 15,000 to increase awareness of depression and suicide prevention.

His ServiceNow colleagues stepped in to show support, donating through our Giving at Now platform with an automatic company match.

We look forward to sharing more in 2021 about the opportunities created for families, small businesses, and communities.

Doing the right thing is at the center of everything we do each and every day.

Acting with ethics and integrity is core to how we stay hungry and humble and deliver customer success.

Earning the trust of our customers, employees, and other stakeholders is paramount to our operations and a cornerstone of our long term success.

We’ve pledged to build on the trust we’ve established over our 17 year history and to lead with transparency and disclosure in all we do.

We aim to provide the utmost data security and privacy, foster ethical use of data, and ensure business continuity not only for ourselves, but also for our customers.

We’ve always believed in strong corporate governance.

Our governance practices provide an important we’re enhancing our stakeholder disclosure and sharing framework within which our board of directors our aspirations for creating a better future. and management team can pursue our strategic objectives for the benefit of our shareholders.

We conduct shareholder outreach tours twice a year governance, risk, and resilience management into with more than 30% of our shareholders, where we our daily operations.

We’re also rigorously audited by learn what’s top of mind for them and provide business independent third party companies and government updates.

We also strive to be a leader in disclosure, both in what we disclose and how we disclose it.

Our Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging Report 2021, now in its fourth year, is a prime example of our commitment to bodies to ensure we comply with various global and regional standards.

In September, we established our government relations department, which reports to our general counsel.

Our goal is to build relationships with policymakers all over the world and educate them about ServiceNow’s mission and efforts to make the world of work, work better for people.

Platform helps enterprises, communities, and governments deliver services in an efficient, interoperable, safe, and secure way.

You gain trust in drops, and you can lose trust in buckets and it’s so important to do it the right way.

All of our training and education campaigns are the way.

We do the right thing by keeping integrity, targeted to the right people with the right messaging teamwork, trust, and our core values at the forefront of for their line of work, in clear and simple language our minds.

We recognize that decisions aren’t always not legalese.

Our Code of Ethics provides a framework to help us navigate areas of uncertainty and apply our values to all situations so our customers can trust us to make their work, work better for them.

In 2020, we refreshed our Code of Ethics, making it more accessible and relatable.

We’re committed to fostering an environment in which open, honest communication is the expectation, not the exception.

We provide all our employees from our executive variety of reporting options.

The program clearly states officers to new hires with ethics and compliance what they can expect from us in terms of response training.

New employees are required to complete and action.

This will continue to be a top priority for this training within 45 days of joining the company.

Ethics and our anti corruption, anti harassment, and whistleblowing policies.

We aim to foster responsible and ethical use of data and emerging technologies, especially artificial intelligence (AI).

For us, AI is a means to help people focus on the more creative and productive parts of their work.

That’s why we made one of the most significant acquisitions in our history last year with Element AI.

It will be key to helping us build an AI first platform, become the defining enterprise software company of the 21st century, and truly make the world of work, work better for people.

The more we provide intelligent and intuitive experiences, the more we can help people feel engaged and empowered to do their best work.

But with more intelligence comes more responsibility, so we established our Data Ethics Council in 2020, composed of senior executives from IT, data security and privacy, AI, and legal.

The council meets monthly to discuss new and innovative uses of data that are consistent with our values.

It also looks at current data privacy and security issues, from our approach to customer data to emerging laws and regulations.

We’re laser focused for companies, we’re committed to meeting security, on and invest heavily in security, compliance, and compliance, and privacy requirements, especially those privacy to meet industry and regulatory expectations mandated by our highly regulated commercial and to secure our customers’ data.

We’re proud to report that in 2020, dedicated, 200 person data security team.

We focus on continuous education and training to constantly hone our detection and response business continuity.

For more information on our commitment to building workflows automated resiliency based efforts, such as secure remote workforce onboarding and provisioning trust through data security and privacy, refer to our Trust and Compliance Center.

Furthermore, we’re always testing the robustness of our platform via internal and external security assessments.

The pandemic and regulatory changes have increased our focus on security and privacy.

Just as attackers quickly adapt to any crisis, CISOs are also opportunistic, accelerating remote security initiatives and investments to boost resiliency.

Created a robust, gamified training program for our employees.

Achieved numerous security certifications, including:.

The experience put our purpose to the test and manage risks to avoid business disruptions.

Managing risk is not only our responsibility it’s also our opportunity.

The first resilience and our ability to work anywhere, anytime.

In March 2020, we shifted 100% of global employees to work from home with very little disruption all in a matter of days.

It will help us, as well as our customers, be more resilient in the face of future adverse events.

We shifted our product development efforts to as we move to a new distributed work model that focus on workflow solutions that could solve the will be more sustainable and benefit our workforce pandemic’s most pressing challenges, such as and planet. contact tracing, back to work programs, and vaccine administration management.

We accelerated our risk assessment of our suppliers’ financial health and resiliency.

We’ve identified our ESG priority issues, developed our global impact strategy, set ambitious goals, published our inaugural Global Impact Report, and built a governance model to guide this work going forward.

With the foundational work done, we’re inspired and dreaming big about what the future holds.

We’ll continue to accelerate and scale our diversity, inclusion, and belonging strategies and the impact we’re having both internally and externally.

We’ll deliver on our global impact vision by helping our customers and partners achieve and accelerate their ESG goals through the Now Platform and our workflow solutions.

No matter what your business is facing, let’s workflow it to create a better business outcome.

We’ll investigate and quantify ESG value creation of ServiceNow workflows, such as reduced environmental impact.

We’ll achieve our 100% renewable energy and carbon neutral goals by the end of 2021.

We’ll decarbonize our operations through formally committing to the Science Based Target initiative on our path to net zero.

We’ll build a robust waste diversion program across our entire organization.

We’ll amplify our support of the communities we touch and serve by increasing our community investments (grants and matching gifts) by 50%.

We’ll contribute to closing the digital divide by reaching 3,000 beneficiaries through our NextGen Professional digital skills programs.

We’ll strengthen ServiceNow employee engagement on global impact through increased volunteerism and giving opportunities and ESG educational sessions.

We’ll gather stakeholder feedback on our first Global Impact Report to make next year’s report even better.

We’ll hold ourselves accountable to ESG performance and transparency through our ESG Steering Committee.

We’ll continue to focus on world class data security and privacy for ServiceNow, our customers, and our partners.

We’ll continue to leverage our Data Ethics Committee to analyze new use cases in data, including AI and machine learning (ML).

When we bring our whole company together uniting our collective expertise, our Now Platform and workflows, our partnerships and financial resources, and our purpose driven culture and values the impact we can create for employees, customers, shareholders, and communities worldwide is unlimited.

In 2021 and beyond, we’ll continue to set more goals, scale our initiatives, and launch new programs that will help us, our customers, and communities, make the world of work, work better for people.

In 2020, we partnered with a third party sustainability adviser, BSR, to update our ESG materiality assessment to prioritize the most important near term and long term emerging environmental, social, and governance (ESG) topics to our business and stakeholders.

The priority topics that emerged are reflected as Tier 1, 2, or 3 issues and guide the content of this report.

Our tier 1 issues are those in which we have the greatest opportunity to create value.

They will inform the ongoing development of our sustainability strategy.

To provide insights into where there is meaningful business value at stake for ServiceNow and where integration with the business strategy is most critical, we engaged via interviews with teams in marketing and communications global real estate workplace and sustainability and diversity, inclusion, and belonging and global impact.

ServiceNow customers, partners, and environmental non governmental organizations (NGOs).

Annual Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging leadership summit.

Annual employee voice survey (EVS) first half of year.

Best practice sharing via Now Create and Customer Success Center.

Silicon Valley Business Journal Top 50 Philanthropists.

Note: For both GHG tables above, our 2019 location based emissions data was updated from our Global Impact ESG Fact Sheet published in June 2020 as follows: 2019 Scope 2 emissions data adjusted as a result of updated utility data and corrective data from datacenter feeds 2019 Scope 3 emissions data (travel data) restated due to change in methodology.

Note: In 2020, due to the increase in our datacenter operations globally, our energy consumption for datacenters has increased compared to 2019.

In the same year, while most of our office locations were closed due to COVID 19, ServiceNow continued to grow our office portfolio globally, which has resulted in a slight decrease in our energy use.

ServiceNow provides 1:1 matching up to 1,000 USD per full time employee annually.

ServiceNow is committed to transparently disclosing material sustainability information for our investors and other stakeholders.

The table below references SASB’s Software and IT Services Standard, Version 2018 10, which is most relevant to our operations.

Unless otherwise specified, the data and descriptions are current as of year end 2020.

We will continue to evaluate additional topics and metrics for inclusion in future reports.

ServiceNow does not currently report on water consumption but plans to assess this further in the future.

Number of users whose information is used for secondary purposes Since ServiceNow primarily operates in a B2B environment and is not focused on secondary utilization, this information is not relevant to this report.

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or losses as a result of legal proceedings with user privacy.

Since ServiceNow primarily operates in a B2B environment and such requests are more likely to be requested from our customers directly, this information is not relevant to this report.

ServiceNow complies with any necessary obligations, including, but not limited to, requirements under the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and Export Control Regulations.

ServiceNow exceeds NIST moderate impact control requirements, and our application security standard is verified by BSIMM.

ServiceNow headquarters are in Santa Clara, California.

At the end of 2020, 14.6% of full time employees in the United States were foreign nationals and 0.20% of US employees were located outside of the US.

Results from ServiceNow’s 2020 Employee Voice Survey found 82% of employees are engaged, in line with leading benchmark companies driving high growth and high engagement.

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or losses as a result of legal proceedings associated with anti competitive behavior.

We considered recommended disclosures from the Global Reporting Initiative (GRI), unless otherwise noted, data reported covers Jan. 1, 2020 Dec. 31, 2020, ServiceNow’s fiscal year.

Our global headquarters are in Santa Clara, California, with 73 offices and 30 datacenters in 29 countries.

Globally, 29.2% of all full time employees are women.

ServiceNow does not have a significant portion of the company’s activities performed by workers who are not employees.

ServiceNow does not have a significant seasonal variation in employees.

Not applicable, 2021 Global Impact Report is ServiceNow’s first report.

We consider the precautionary principle in the introduction of a new product or process whose ultimate effects are disputed or unknown should be resisted.

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

Our head of global impact reports to our chief financial officer.

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

We post select information about our board of directors on our website.

Frederic B. Luddy is chairman of the board of directors and is not an executive officer.

See 2021 Proxy Statement (Nominations Process and Director Qualifications) on the Investor Relations page.

See 2021 Proxy Statement (Nominations Process and Director Qualifications) on the Investor Relations page.

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

None of our US employees are represented by a labor union.

Employees in certain European countries are represented by workers’ councils and may have the benefits of collective bargaining arrangements at the national level.

ServiceNow engages with stakeholders who have impact and interest in issues important to ServiceNow.

See 2021 Proxy Statement on the Investor Relations page.

Not applicable since this is our first Global Impact Report.

Not applicable since this is our first Global Impact Report.

Not applicable we plan to assure our environmental data in future reports.

ServiceNow does not have pensions or non qualified deferred compensation.

All new hires are required to complete a Code of Ethics training within 45 days of joining the company.

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or losses as a result of legal actions associated with anti competitive behavior, anti trust, or monopoly practices.

ServiceNow’s vice president of tax is accountable for compliance with the company’s tax strategy.

ServiceNow does not currently track energy consumption outside the organization but may do so in the future.

ServiceNow does not currently track the reductions in energy consumption directly related to efficiency initiatives but may do so in the future.

ServiceNow does not sell hardware and, therefore, does not currently track the reduction in energy requirements of products.

ServiceNow does not currently track emissions of ozone depleting substances.

ServiceNow does not currently track emissions of ozone depleting substances.

ServiceNow does not currently track operational waste metrics.

In 2020, there were no findings of noncompliance with environmental laws and regulations.

In 2020, there were 3,552 new employees hired globally, and there was a 7% global voluntary attrition rate.

We do not currently report new employee hires and turnover by gender and age group.

ServiceNow operates globally and, therefore, benefits vary between countries of operation.

US employees working more than 20 hours a week are eligible to participate in ServiceNow’s benefits plan, which includes healthcare, life insurance, disability, parental leave, and 401(k), among others.

A full list of benefits for US employees can be found on our Benefits page.

We offer employees around the world generous family leave, including 12 20 weeks of fully paid parental leave in the US for welcoming a new child through birth, adoption, foster placement, or surrogacy.

We intend to report more details on those participating in parental leave in the 2022 Global Impact Report for reporting Jan. 1, 2021, Dec. 31, 2021.

ServiceNow has implemented an occupational health and safety system as outlined in our Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy Contractor Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy and US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy.

Our EH S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

These issues are addressed in ServiceNow's Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy Contractor Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy and Ergonomics Policy.

Our EH S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

ServiceNow’s Workplace Security and Safety Team, within Workplace Services, is responsible for this area.

These issues are addressed in ServiceNow's Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy Contractor Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy and Ergonomics Policy.

Our EH S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

We provide our employees with information, training and, where needed, equipment to foster a culture of health and safety and to support safe work practices.

These issues are addressed in ServiceNow’s Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy Contractor Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy US Injury and Illness Prevention Program Policy and Ergonomics Policy.

Our EH S policy defines ServiceNow’s commitment to ensuring the occupational health and safety of its employees, providing a safe environment for contractors and visitors to our sites, and complying with environmental, health, and safety legislation as a minimum standard.

ServiceNow recognizes the importance of environmental, health, and safety best practices in providing optimal workspaces for its employees, contractors, and visitors.

All employees are covered by ServiceNow's Environmental, Health, and Safety Policy.

The average hours of training per employee in 2020 was 58 for job specific training, not including HR and compliance training, and 20 hours for technical training.

ServiceNow offers a variety of programs for upgrading employees’ skills, including Lead at Now, Manager Journey, BetterUp Coaching, and WalkMe.

All employees receive regular performance and career development reviews.

We disclose gender and ethnicity data for leadership level.

Leadership is defined as director level and above.

Because pay equity is so dynamic, especially in a high growth company like ours, we manage it on an ongoing basis and do regular analyses and adjustments.

This approach has led us to achieve systematic pay equity company wide and ensures we maintain that pay equity on an ongoing basis.

Employees are encouraged to dedicate up to 20 hours year of working time toward volunteerism.

ServiceNow did not make any political contributions in 2020.

To date, the organization has not identified any noncompliance with regulations or voluntary codes concerning marketing communications.

To date, the organization has not identified any noncompliance with regulations or voluntary codes concerning marketing communications.

ServiceNow is committed to protecting its customers, and we comply with all relevant legal and regulatory notification requirements that are applicable to our business.

In 2020, ServiceNow did not have any significant fines or nonmonetary sanctions for noncompliance with laws or regulations in the social and economic area.

ServiceNow Global Impact Report 2021Data Annex ServiceNow is an Equal Employment Opportunity Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, gender identity, or veteran status.

ServiceNow marks are trademarks and or registered trademarks of ServiceNow, Inc., in the United States and or other countries.

Other company and product names may be trademarks of the respective companies with which they are associated.

FORTUNE World’s Most Admired Companies, and FORTUNE 100 Best Places to Work are registered trademarks of FORTUNE Media IP Limited and are used under license.

FORTUNE is not affiliated with, and does not endorse the products or services of, ServiceNow.