F Y2 0

SALESFORCE 
STAKEHOLDER 
IMPACT REPORT

February 1, 2019 — January 31, 2020

Salesforce supports the Sustainable Development Goals

CONTENTS

Introduction 

Forward-Looking Statements 

Introduction from Marc Benioff 

Reporting Scope and Methodology 

Salesforce Supports the SDGs 

  About Salesforce 

  Doing Well and Doing Good 

Operating with Integrity 

  Governance 

Trust and Security 

Business Integrity 

  Civic Engagement 

Supply Chain Responsibility 

  Office of Accessibility 

2 | Contents 

3

3

4

6

7

9

10

11

12

13

14

14

16

17

Protecting Our Planet 

The Environment Is a Key Stakeholder 

  Global Leadership and Collaboration 

Salesforce Sustainability Cloud  

1 Trillion Trees 

  Advocating for Climate Policy 

18

19

19

20

21

22

Equality for All 

Equality 

  Our Path to Equality 

Equal Pay for Equal Work 

Equality Groups 

Ethical and Humane Use of Technology 

  Commitment to Clean and Renewable Energy 

23

Investing for Impact 

  Annual Emissions 

Setting an Internal Price on Carbon 

Sustainable Real Estate 

Workforce Development 

Salesforce Culture 

Talent Development 

Futureforce 

Preparing a Future Ready Workforce 

Skilling Up for the Future  

25

26

27

30

31

32

33

34

35

Philanthropy 

Salesforce & Salesforce.org 

Philanthropy Cloud 

  Giving 

Pledge 1% 

Report Details 

ESG Metrics & Indicators 

Independent Accountants’ Review Report 

38

39

40

40

41

42

43

45

46

47

48

49

50

51

67

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORWARD-LOOKING 
STATEMENTS

breaches; the expenses associated with our data 

and import and export controls; the valuation of 

centers and third-party infrastructure providers; 

our deferred tax assets and the release of related 

additional data center capacity; real estate and 

valuation allowances; the potential availability of 

office facilities space; our operating results and cash 

additional tax assets in the future; the impact of 

flows; new services and product features, including 

new accounting pronouncements and tax laws; 

any efforts to expand our services beyond the 

uncertainties affecting our ability to estimate our 

CRM market; our strategy of acquiring or making 

tax rate; uncertainties regarding our tax obligations 

investments in complementary businesses, joint 

in connection with potential jurisdictional transfers 

ventures, services, technologies and intellectual 

of intellectual property, including the tax rate, 

property rights; the performance and fair value 

the timing of the transfer and the value of such 

This report contains forward-

looking statements, the 

achievement or success of which 

involves risks, uncertainties, 

and assumptions. If any such 

risks or uncertainties materialize 

or if any of the assumptions 

proves incorrect, the results 
of salesforce.com, inc. could 
differ materially from the results 

expressed or implied by the 

forward-looking statements  

we make. 

3 | Introduction 

These risks and uncertainties include — but are 

of our investments in complementary businesses 

transferred intellectual property; the impact of 

not limited to — risks associated with the effect 

through our strategic investment portfolio; 

expensing stock options and other equity awards; 

of general economic and market conditions; the 

our ability to realize the benefits from strategic 

the sufficiency of our capital resources; factors 

impact of geopolitical events; the impact of natural 

partnerships, joint ventures and investments; 

related to our outstanding debt, revolving credit 

disasters and actual or threatened public health 

the impact of future gains or losses from our 

facility and loan associated with 50 Fremont; 

emergencies, such as the ongoing Coronavirus 

strategic investment portfolio, including gains or 

compliance with our debt covenants and lease 

pandemic; the impact of foreign currency exchange 

losses from overall market conditions that may 

obligations; current and potential litigation 

rate and interest rate fluctuations on our results; 

affect the publicly traded companies within our 

involving us; and the impact of climate change.

our business strategy and our plan to build 

strategic investment portfolio; our ability to execute 

our business, including our strategy to be the 

our business plans; our ability to successfully 

leading provider of enterprise cloud computing 

integrate acquired businesses and technologies; 

applications and platforms; the pace of change 

our ability to continue to grow unearned revenue 

and innovation in enterprise cloud computing 

and remaining performance obligation; our 

services; the seasonal nature of our sales cycles; 

ability to protect our intellectual property rights; 

the competitive nature of the market in which 

our ability to develop our brands; our reliance 

we participate; our international expansion 

on third-party hardware, software and platform 

strategy; the demands on our personnel and 

providers; our dependency on the development 

infrastructure resulting from significant growth in 

and maintenance of the infrastructure of the 

our customer base and operations, including as 

Internet; the effect of evolving domestic and 

a result of acquisitions; our service performance 

foreign government regulations, including those 

and security, including the resources and costs 

related to the provision of services on the Internet, 

required to avoid unanticipated downtime and 

those related to accessing the Internet, and those 

prevent, detect and remediate potential security 

addressing data privacy, cross-border data transfers 

Further information on these and other factors 

that could affect the company’s financial results 

is included in the reports on Forms 10-K, 10-Q 

and 8-K and in other filings we make with the 

Securities and Exchange Commission from  

time to time. These documents are available 

on the SEC Filings section of the Investor 

Information section of the company’s website  

at www.salesforce.com/investor. 

Salesforce.com, inc. assumes no obligation and 

does not intend to update these forward-looking 

statements, except as required by law.

INTRODUCTION FROM  
MARC BENIOFF

As the world continues to deal with the unprecedented 
effects of the coronavirus, we hope you and your families are staying 

healthy and safe. This virus impacts everyone, reminding us that we are 

all connected like never before and that we have obligations to each other.

volunteering their time to support their local 

four days, Women's College Hospital in Toronto, 

communities. In addition, Salesforce Care Small 

Canada, built an online COVID-19 self-assessment 

Business Grants will provide $10,000 in capital to 

on Salesforce that is integrated with its hospital 

help keep businesses afloat as they work to replenish 

information system.

materials, pay salaries, or adapt their business model 

to overcome these challenging times.

We’re also helping governments and NGOs respond 

to the pandemic. In France, the government 

Even as we help respond to the urgent needs 

launched a website and hotline built on Service 

of this crisis, we’re delivering new solutions to 

Cloud to help citizens find essential needs and 

help our customers succeed. Social distancing 

resources while quarantined. And Tableau is 

and cessation of travel have forced companies 

offering an amazing free dashboard — the Tableau 

to accelerate their digital transformations, and 

Data Hub — that’s tracking the virus, based on data 

Salesforce is helping them sell, service, market, 

from the World Health Organization and other 

conduct commerce, and collaborate from 

organizations, and which already has more than 

home. Thousands of customers have deployed 

700,000 users and more than 1 million views.

At Salesforce, meeting our responsibilities to all our stakeholders has 

our Salesforce Care rapid response solutions to 

been an essential part of our culture since we founded the company  

help them stay connected to their employees, 

21 years ago.

Today, we’re unleashing the full power of our company and leveraging 

our products, resources, and relationships to help all of our stakeholders 

navigate this crisis.

We're working tirelessly to help deliver personal protective equipment 

(PPE) to those most in need. To date, we’ve sourced 50 million units of 

PPE for doctors, nurses, and first responders on the front lines in the  

U.S., France, and India.

We’ve given more than $10 million in grants to local and global 

organizations on the forefront of the response, including organizations 

such as the CDC Foundation, UCSF’s COVID-19 Response Fund, the 

Italian Red Cross, the Madrid Food Bank, the French Red Cross, and 

the New York COVID-19 Emergency Fund. As always, we’re matching 

employee donations to eligible organizations, and our employees are 

customers, and partners during these uncertain 

times. Organizations around the world have been 

able to quickly and easily deploy these solutions, 

which we made available for free for 90 days. 

With Salesforce Care for Employee and Customer 

Support, organizations can quickly create an AI-

powered employee help center, customer service, 

and contact center application. Thousands of small 

businesses have signed up for Salesforce Care 

for Small Business, which includes Essentials and 

Tableau Desktop.

We are supporting those on the front lines with our 

Salesforce Care for Health solution that provides 

free access to technology for emergency response 

and healthcare management teams. In just 

Our efforts addressing the challenges of COVID-19 

embody our belief that business is the greatest 

platform for change.

We continue to stand up for the rights of our LGBTQ 

employees and we're constantly reviewing our pay 

practices to ensure our employees — men and 

women — receive equal pay for equal work. We’ve 

also committed to having half our U.S. workforce 

come from underrepresented groups by 2023.

With Trailhead, our free online learning platform 

for everyone, we’re bringing everyone along in the 

Fourth Industrial Revolution with resume-worthy 

skills for the digital economy. We now have more 

than 1.8 million learners changing their lives on 

Trailhead by getting the opportunity to participate 

Marc Benioff 
Chair and CEO,  
Salesforce

4 | Introduction 

in the Salesforce ecosystem, which will contribute 

This year, Salesforce also joined the United Nations 

4.2 million jobs worldwide by 2024, according to IDC.

Global Compact initiative, a global leadership 

Over the past 21 years, we’ve given $330 million 

in grants to worthy causes, our employees globally 

have volunteered 5 million hours, and 46,000 

nonprofits and NGOs use our software for free. 

Salesforce has now donated more than $90 million 

platform for companies to align on the development 

and implementation of responsible business 

practices to build a better world. We’re committed 

to making the principles of the UN Global Compact 

part of Salesforce’s strategy and operations.

to schools around the world, and our employees 

Our commitment to serving all stakeholders is  

have adopted more than 100 schools globally, 

one of the reasons that for the 12th year in a  

including 34 schools in San Francisco and Oakland. 

row Fortune has ranked Salesforce as one of the 

We've supported efforts to improve public 

“100 Best Companies to Work For®”. We’re also 

education, eliminate homelessness in our cities, 

proud that Fortune has named Salesforce one of 

and now to fight this virus.

the top 10 Most Admired Companies in the World 

and one of the Best Workplaces for Giving Back.

Finally, we’re taking action to protect our largest 

stakeholder — our planet. We deliver a carbon-

The COVID-19 pandemic is a powerful reminder 

neutral cloud to our customers, and we’re 

that we’re all connected like never before — we’re 

committed to reaching 100% renewable energy  

one humanity. And because of the dedication 

for our global operations by 2022.

and efforts of stakeholders like you, we will 

At Dreamforce last fall, we donated $17 million 

in grants and committed 1 million employee 

hours to advance the United Nations’ Sustainable 

Development Goals, from upholding equality 

for all people to fighting climate change. At the 

recover from this crisis stronger and live up to our 

commitments. As always, thank you for being our 

partner as we work together to meet the urgent 

challenges of our time and create a better world  

for generations to come.

World Economic Forum in Davos, we committed 

Thank you,

to conserving and restoring 100 million trees, part 

of the global 1t.org movement to address climate 

change by protecting and planting 1 trillion trees 

around the world.

Marc Benioff
Chair and CEO
Salesforce

5 | Introduction 

REPORTING SCOPE 
AND METHODOLOGY 

REPORTING FRAMEWORK 

Every year, we produce a comprehensive stakeholder 

The report is reviewed by our Legal and SEC 

impact report so that key stakeholders can stay 

Reporting teams to ensure it is consistent with our 

ENVIRONMENTAL MANAGEMENT

For the FY20 Stakeholder Impact Report, we 

engaged Ernst & Young LLP, an independent 

informed, track our progress, and support our work. 

other SEC filings and that data contained in the 

third party, to review our greenhouse gas (GHG) 

The contents of this report are informed by the 

Global Reporting Initiative Standards (GRI), the 

Sustainability Accounting Standards Board’s 

(SASB) Software and IT Services sector guide, 

report can be traced back to internal or external 

emissions data, carbon neutral cloud claim, and  

records. The SEC Reporting team reviews this 

net-zero greenhouse gases claim. Ernst & Young 

report using the same procedures as they do with 

LLP’s Review Report is included on pages 67–70  

all other 1934 Securities Exchange Act filings. 

of this report. 

the U.N. Global Compact (UNGC), the Task 

Unless otherwise noted, this report encompasses 

We continually refine our greenhouse gas 

Force on Climate-related Financial Disclosures 

Salesforce’s global operations, commitments, and 

(TCFD), and a third-party Environmental, Social, 

practices during fiscal 2020 (February 1, 2019–

accounting processes in accordance with industry 

standards and best practices. When new or better-

Governance (ESG) materiality assessment. In 

January 31, 2020). This report also contains figures 

quality data becomes available, we update our 

fiscal 2020, we refreshed our third-party ESG 

that have been approximated or rounded. Certain 

footprint data accordingly. 

materiality assessment, which identified key topics 

reclassifications of data from previous public 

that are most important to our stakeholders and 

disclosures may be made to conform to  

our success as a business. We expect to update 

the current period presentation. All currency is in 

this assessment on a periodic basis to ensure it 

U.S. dollars.

reflects changes in our business and the external 

environment. The assessment process included an 

evaluation of top business drivers, sustainability 

impact areas, and industry benchmarking.  

ESG Metrics and Indicators

Interviews with key stakeholders helped prioritize 

and validate topics. While conducting a materiality 

assessment helped us identify some relevant 

topics included in this report, it does not influence 

the extent of our action or programs related to a 

particular topic.

For complete FY20 and historical 

ESG metrics that align to SASB, GRI, 

UNGC, and TCFD, please see the 

data table on page 51.

We measure success by ensuring that our 

sustainability efforts are integrated into decision-

making processes and business operations in 

a transparent way. In 2017, we signed a letter 

supporting the recommendations of the  

TCFD and have since worked to align to the 

recommendations, including conducting a climate-

related scenario analysis. 

We assess climate-related risk at least every six 

months. Since our climate-related risk assessment is 

integrated into a companywide risk process, 

the Salesforce Sustainability team works with the 

Salesforce Risk Management team on an annual 

basis to evaluate climate-related transition and 

physical risks on a time horizon of up to five years, 

in alignment with our companywide process. Based 

on Salesforce’s enterprise risk management (ERM) 

methodology and current business model, the 

transition and physical risks have all been deemed 

as “very low” risks. Despite this, we have a specific 

climate change risk management process related to 

data center and office site selection that occurs each 

time we open a new facility, which can occur more 

often than every six months. In addition, we have 

practices in place to reduce our GHG emissions, 

mitigating most of the other identified risks. We 

plan to revisit these transitions and physical risks 

annually as the business, geopolitical, and social 

contexts continue to evolve in order to ensure no 

significant changes have occurred.

We welcome feedback on our initiatives and  

this report. Please email the Global Impact team at  

CRImpact@salesforce.com or Investor Relations at 

investor@salesforce.com to share your thoughts or 

connect with us on our Salesforce social channels. 

6 | Introduction 

 
 
SALESFORCE 
SUPPORTS THE 
SUPPORTS THE 
SUSTAINABLE 
SUSTAINABLE 
DEVELOPMENT  
GOALS (SDGS)

Adopted by 193 countries, the 17 SDGs outline 

the collective impact against the world’s most 

pressing challenges, including those related to 

poverty, inequality, climate change, environmental 

degradation, peace, and justice. 

Simply put, the SDGs represent the world’s to-do 

list for people and the planet by 2030. Together, 

these 17 goals are an urgent call for action to 

combat poverty, mitigate climate change, and 

secure a more equal and peaceful future.

Using the SDGs, the public, private, and social 

sectors are already demonstrating that it's possible 

to work together to create a better world. We’ve 

already seen signals of progress: Extreme poverty 

has declined significantly, immunizations continue 

to save millions of lives, and the vast majority of the 

world’s population now has access to electricity.

However, despite this progress, recent reports show 

that the world is moving too slowly in several key 

7 | Introduction 

areas. For example, the past four years have been 

implementation, and communication of 

the warmest on record, 1 million plant and animal 

responsible business practices to build a better 

species are at risk of extinction, and more than half 

world. Salesforce is committed to making the 

of the world’s children are falling behind in reading 

principles of the U.N. Global Compact part of its 

and math. While the SDGs provide the right action 

strategy, culture, and day-to-day operations.

plan, it’s up to all of us to act faster and more 

ambitiously in advance of 2030.

Salesforce has also joined the United Nations 

Global Compact, a voluntary global leadership 

platform with 10 principles for companies to  

align on the development,

The content of this publication has not been approved by the United Nations and does not reflect the views of the United Nations or its officials or Member States.

DRIVING IMPACT

In November 2019, Salesforce kicked off a year of action to accelerate the 

17 SDGs. We aim to donate $17 million and volunteer 1 million hours to 

support the SDGs.

While Salesforce supports all of the SDGs, we have identified six goals that 

align most to our business. Salesforce is committed to achieving Goals  

4: Quality Education; 5: Gender Equality; 7: Affordable and Clean Energy;  

8: Decent Work and Economic Growth; 11: Sustainable Cities and 

Communities; and 13: Climate Action. We use the goals to help frame  

our strategy as we approach these issues, so that we can leave a positive 

impact on our communities and the planet. 

The Salesforce ecosystem is a powerful 

force to support all 17 SDGs.

At Davos 2020, Salesforce, together with the other founding partners, 

World Economic Forum (WEF), Deloitte, and LinkedIn, announced the 

launch of UpLink, a digital crowd-engagement platform, to accelerate 

the resolution of the world’s most pressing SDG issues. UpLink is a global 

platform for action, to connect the next generation of young changemakers 

and social entrepreneurs to the WEF networks with the resources, expertise, 

and experience to enact change.

The first version of the UpLink platform was released in March 2020 and 

focuses on ocean-related global challenges. Throughout 2020, UpLink will 

support the creation of additional global communities centered around 

actions such as reforestation (through 1t.org), circular economies, and food.

8 | Introduction 

SDGs ALIGNED TO 
SDG
SALESFORCE
SALESFORCE

Ensure inclusive and 
equitable quality 
education and 
promote lifelong 
learning opportunities 
for all

Achieve gender 
equality and 
empower all women 
and girls

Ensure access to 
affordable, reliable, 
sustainable and 
modern energy for all

Promote sustained, 
inclusive and 
sustainable 
economic growth, 
full and productive 
employment and 
decent work for all

Make cities and 
human settlements 
inclusive, safe, 
resilient and 
sustainable

Take urgent action 
to combat climate 
change and its 
impacts

ABOUT  
SALESFORCE

Salesforce is the #1 CRM, bringing companies and 

Salesforce to drive innovation, grow their careers, 

customers together in the digital age. Founded 

transform their businesses, and give back to the 

in 1999, Salesforce enables companies of every 

community.

size and industry to take advantage of powerful 

technologies — cloud, mobile, social, blockchain, 

voice, and artificial intelligence — to connect to 

their customers in a whole new way. Companies 

come to us as their trusted advisor, and together we 

transform their businesses around the customer.

Salesforce is committed to a set of core values — 

trust, customer success, innovation, and equality 

for all. The company is one of the leaders on 

Fortune’s World’s Best Workplaces list, and for nine 

years in a row, Salesforce has ranked on Forbes’ 

list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies. For 

Salesforce Customer 360 is our vision for how we 

information, please visit www.salesforce.com.

help customers with their digital transformations. 

It’s an integrated CRM platform that unites 

marketing, sales, commerce, services, and more 

to give companies a single source of truth about 

their customers. It gives companies a single, 

shared view of their customers so they can deliver 

the intelligent, personalized experiences their 

customers have come to expect from every brand 

and build lasting, trusted relationships.

Salesforce will power more than 2 trillion B2B and 

B2C transactions this year for more than 150,000 

companies and millions of Trailblazers — the 

individuals and their organizations who are using 

9 | Introduction 

FORTUNE

WORLD’S MOST 
ADMIRED COMPANIES

2013 • 2014 • 2015

2016 • 2017

2018 • 2019

2020

DOING WELL  
AND DOING GOOD

FY20$17.1B 

FY19$13.3B 

Companies That Care

- PEOPLE -

Human Rights 
Campaign Best Places 
to Work

- CORPORATE EQUALITY INDEX (CEI) -

2020 FTSE4GOOD 
Index Series

- FTSE RUSSEL -

FY18$10.5B 

America’s Best 
Employers for Diversity

- FORBES -

Best Workplaces 
for Giving Back

- GREAT PLACE TO WORK -

Best Large Workplaces 
for Women

- FORTUNE -

World’s Most 
Admired Companies

- FORTUNE -

2019 Dow Jones 
Sustainability Indices

- DJSI -

FY12$2.3B 

FY11$1.7B 

FY14$4.1B 

FY13$3.1B 

FY17$8.4B 

FY16$6.7B 

FY15$5.4B 

Salesforce’s fiscal year is February 1 to January 31. FY20, FY19, FY18, and FY17 revenues reported under ASC 606. All prior years are under ASC 605. Complete Salesforce financials are available at investor.salesforce.com.

OPERATING WITH INTEGRITY
OPERATING WITH INTEGRITY

11 | Operating with Integrity 

OPERATING  
WITH INTEGRITY

GOVERNANCE

Our corporate governance practices support our core values of trust, 

customer success, innovation, and equality. These practices provide a 

framework for the proper operation of our company, consistent with 

our shareholders’ best interests and the requirements of law. We are 

committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes long-

term stockholder value creation by providing a leadership structure and 

composition of the Board of Directors that is aligned with our strategic 

direction and providing our stockholders with both the opportunity to 

provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to ensure accountability. 

Salesforce is committed to managing our affairs consistent with 

the highest principles of business ethics and corporate governance 

requirements of both federal law and the NYSE, including the following:

•   A majority of our board members are independent 

of Salesforce and its management.

  •  All members of our key board committees — the Audit and Finance 

Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating 

and Corporate Governance Committee — are independent.

  •   We have a clear code of business conduct to which all 

employees, officers, and directors must adhere.

  •   The charters of our board committees clearly establish 

their respective roles and responsibilities.

Read more at investor.salesforce.com. 

12 | Operating with Integrity 

ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL, 
ENVIRONMENTAL, SOCIAL,  
AND GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT
AND GOVERNANCE OVERSIGHT

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews our 

environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives. We believe the business 

of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, 

including shareholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet, and the 

communities in which we work and live. We try to integrate social good into 

everything we do. All of these goals align with our long-term growth strategy and 

financial and operational priorities.

Salesforce recognizes the importance of the ethical and humane use of 

technology across the company, and the Office of Humane and Ethical Use 
regularly engages with stakeholders and experts in furtherance of this 

commitment. The Privacy and Ethical Use Committee of our board, composed  

of independent directors, oversees Salesforce’s privacy matters and meets 

regularly with Salesforce’s Chief Ethical and Humane Use Officer. 

TRUST AND SECURITY

Nothing is more important than the trusted relationship between 

Salesforce and its customers, employees, and everyone in the Salesforce 

ecosystem. Salesforce earns the trust of its stakeholders through 

transparency, security, compliance, privacy, and performance. We are 

trusted advisors, and we deliver the most trusted infrastructure in the 

industry.

Trust.salesforce.com is the Salesforce community’s home for real-

time information on system availability, performance, security, and 

compliance. Having trust as the foundation of our culture is how we 

maintain our pace of innovation and deep customer and partner 

relationships at scale.

“Customers trust us to make them successful, 

deliver unwavering security, reliability, 

performance, and compliance.”

–  Marc Benioff  

 Salesforce Chairman and CEO

13 | Operating with Integrity 

DATA SECURITY

Security does not start and end with Salesforce. As a trusted partner, we strongly 

encourage customers to follow security best practices and use available tools to 

strengthen the security of their Salesforce instance. There is no finish line when it 

comes to security and protecting our customers’ data.

DATA PRIVACY

The protection of our customers’ data is paramount, and Salesforce is committed 

to helping our customers on their global compliance journey in our role as a trusted 

advisor. Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with 

their own customers, and Salesforce’s top priority is the security and privacy of the 

data that we are entrusted to protect. 

We have five privacy principles that highlight our commitments and focus on 

trust: customer control, security, transparency, compliance, and partnership. Our 

privacy website includes more information about these principles and additional 
information and tools to help enable our customers’ success.

 
Salesforce encourages our employees to play an 

active civic role in their communities, in their 

personal capacity, and according to their personal 

beliefs through voting and educating themselves 

about upcoming elections. We are members of  

the Civic Alliance, a nonpartisan, nonprofit 

coalition of corporations that have pledged to 

increase voter turnout. In addition to encouraging 

our employees to register to vote and then show 

up on election day, we bring candidates and 

experts on ballot issues into our offices so our 

employees can be informed voters. We hosted over 

a dozen civic engagement events in our offices 

across the U.S. in FY20. We published modules on 

civics and citizen engagement in the United States 

and in the European Union on Trailhead, our online 

learning platform.

Visit salesforce.com/public-policy to see details 

on Salesforce’s public policy activities, financial 

contributions, and memberships.

BUSINESS INTEGRITY

CIVIC ENGAGEMENT

Salesforce believes ethics and integrity are critical 

to the success of our customers, our employees, 

Salesforce works with all 

our business, and to improving the state of the 

world. We’re committed to conducting business 

in accordance with the laws and regulations that 

apply to us, and we strive to be one of the most 

ethical companies in the world. We’re proud to 

have been named on Ethisphere’s 2020 World’s 

Most Ethical Companies® Honoree List. Our Code 

stakeholders to advocate for 

public policy that supports our 

four core values: trust, customer 

success, innovation, and equality. 

of Conduct, Business Conduct Principles, and 

Salesforce’s Government Affairs and Public Policy 

other internal policies describe the way we treat 

team works with policymakers and elected officials 

employees and other key stakeholders globally, 

around the globe on issues that impact our 

addressing topics such as:

stakeholders. This includes, but is not limited to, 

•   Voluntary labor

  •   Wages, benefits, and working hours

  •   Freedom of association, collective bargaining, 

and workers’ councils

  •  Nondiscrimination and respect at work

  •   Protection of the environment

  •  Health and safety at work 

  •  Doing business ethically and within the law

  •   Doing business fairly

  •  Protecting intellectual property

  •  Respecting privacy

Read more at salesforce.com/company/legal. 

our employees, our customers, our shareholders, 

our communities, and the environment. Salesforce 

is nonpartisan in our work, and we support 

candidates and eligible organizations of any party 

who share our priorities and align with our core 

values. Salesforce is transparent, publicly disclosing 

all contributions in the U.S. in reports filed with the 

Federal Election Commission and with various state 

campaign finance commissions. Salesforce also 

participates in a variety of industry organizations, 

coalitions, and trade associations to advance our 

public policy interests and business goals. We 

review these memberships on an ongoing basis.

14 | Operating with Integrity

PROMOTING ECONOMIC INCLUSION AND  
OPPORTUNITY AROUND THE WORLD

Empowering Everyone to Thrive in  
the Fourth Industrial Revolution

In the U.S., CEO Marc Benioff signed the White House “Pledge to 

America’s Workers,” committing to provide training to 1 million Americans, 
America’s Workers,” committing to provide training to 1 million Americans, 

Advocating for Equality

Salesforce’s Washington, D.C., office partnered with the Human Rights 
Campaign to advocate for the passage of the Equality Act, which would 
Campaign
prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, or gender 

and to help people of every background learn the skills they need in the 

identity. The House of Representatives approved the legislation in May 2019 

digital economy of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.

by a vote of 236 to 173.

In France, Salesforce joined the Tech for Good Summit hosted by 

Salesforce submitted testimony on our Equal Pay Assessment to the New 

President Macron, joined IBM Corporation's P-TECH project, and 
President Macron, joined IBM Corporation's P-TECH project, and 

York City Commission on Gender Equity. This highlighted the process we 
York City Commission on Gender Equity. This highlighted the process we 

announced the Salesforce Trailhead and OpenClassrooms partnership. 

began in 2015 and continue annually to address gender pay equity and to 

Salesforce also partnered with the Marie Claire think tank, whose objective 

ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work.

is to advance the fight for gender equality. We convened political figures in Paris, 

including Deputy Minister for Gender Equality Marlene Schiappa, and presented the 

recommendations issued by the think tank during UNESCO’s “Call for Equality” event.

In the U.K., Salesforce received accreditation for London Mayor Sadiq 

Khan’s 
Khan’s Good Work Standard, the benchmark the Mayor wants every 
employer in London to achieve, including policies that promote fairness 

and inclusivity in the workplace.

Salesforce signed Germany’s “Diversity Charta,” the country’s largest 

corporate initiative for diversity management, which promotes the 
corporate initiative for diversity management, which promotes the 

recognition, appreciation, and integration of diversity in business culture.

Salesforce signed the U.K. government’s Armed Forces Covenant in 
February 2019, in recognition of its work to help veterans, reservists, and 
February 2019, in recognition of its work to help veterans, reservists, and 

military spouses prepare for a career in tech. The Covenant specifically 

recognizes organizations that ensure that current and former members of 

In Singapore, Salesforce was joined by Minister for Manpower Josephine 

the armed forces are treated fairly and that inspire others to do the same. 

Teo to celebrate upskilled workers at the graduation ceremony for the 
Teo to celebrate upskilled workers at the graduation ceremony for the 

Salesforce Professional Conversion Program, developed in collaboration 

with Workforce Singapore and SGTech.

15 | Operating with Integrity 

SUPPLY CHAIN 
RESPONSIBILITY

Our suppliers are a critical part of the Salesforce ecosystem. In our 

supply chain, we work with suppliers who share and support our 

core values and operate with integrity, respect, and transparency.

We encourage all of our suppliers to go 

beyond compliance to positively impact local 

communities, ecosystems, and the environment. 

We outline our global supply chain expectations in our Global 

Supplier Code of Conduct, which serves as a guide to ethical 

supplier conduct. We require all third-party suppliers of products 

or services that are paid directly by Salesforce to acknowledge our 

Supplier Code of Conduct.

We pride ourselves on monitoring social and environmental 

performance in our supplier management process. In FY20, we 

started a quarterly education series to upskill all our procurement 

professionals on next-step supplier sustainability and supplier 

diversity best practice strategies. We’ve also started collaborating 

with over 20 key customers who require quarterly supplier diversity 

reporting on supplier thought leadership and developmental 

programs.

* “Scopes” are the standard way of categorizing emissions using the World 

Resources Institute’s Greenhouse Gas Protocol. Our corporate commitments 
to reach 100% renewable energy and our internal price on carbon encompass 
our Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

16 | Operating with Integrity 

SUPPLIER SUSTAINABILITY
SUPPLIER SUSTAINABILITY

At Salesforce, we are constantly working to incorporate sustainability into all areas of our 

business, including our supply chain. We know we’re most effective when we work together. 

That’s why we made a commitment that by 2024, suppliers representing 60% of our Scope 3 

greenhouse gas emissions will set their own science-based targets by 2024.* This target has  

been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative. 

SUPPLIER DIVERSITY
SUPPLIER DIVERSITY

We believe that partnering with certified small and diverse suppliers is smart business. We 

recognize diverse suppliers as businesses that are 51% owned and operated by at least one of 

the following: minorities as defined by the country where the business was established; women; 

veterans; service-disabled veterans; persons who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender; or 

persons with a disability. 

In FY20, we invested in a new diverse supplier registration process, allowing us to recruit, advise, 

and engage at a deeper level with suppliers, industry leaders, and nonprofits. The new process has 

also enabled us to widen our diverse supplier database to show suppliers in specific geographical 

areas, revenue bands, and with diverse demographics. This commitment gives us a greater level of 

engagement with the suppliers and the supplier diversity certifying-organizations. 

We are looking forward to continued development and growth from our supplier sustainability 

and supplier diversity programs.

OFFICE OF ACCESSIBILITY 

Disability inclusion is fundamental to our value of equality. We aspire to become 

the number one employer for people with disabilities, for the products we sell to 

be accessible by people with disabilities, and for all persons to have full and equal 

access to our offices, our meetings, and our events.

Salesforce has joined The Valuable 500, a worldwide call for 

500 of the most influential businesses to include disability in 

their leadership agenda and to end biased attitudes toward 

disability in business. 

We have committed to the following:

•  Launch a centralized Office of Accessibility, led by a chief accessibility officer, to 

drive thought leadership across the industry, and accountability and compliance 

across the company.

  •  Grow representation of people with disabilities throughout the Salesforce 

ecosystem.

  •  Continue to develop accessible products that allow all individuals to succeed in 

the Salesforce ecosystem. Beyond striving to comply with industry standards, we 

work toward providing effective usability for our customers with disabilities.

  •  Continue to develop our Global Workspace Design Standards to focus on 

universal and inclusive design beyond compliance to meet the needs of all our 

employees and guests with disabilities.

  •  Continue to focus on improving our employee and customer experience to 

enhance the accessibility of our events, our internal tools and technology, and 

communications to foster an inclusive environment for all.

Learn more about our accessibility efforts and commitments.

17 | Operating with Integrity 

PROTECTING OUR PLANET
PROTECTING OUR PLANET

18 | Protecting Our Planet

PROTECTING  
OUR PLANET 

THE ENVIRONMENT IS A  
KEY STAKEHOLDER 

Climate change is the greatest challenge humans have ever 

reduction targets — advancing Salesforce’s commitment to 

creating a sustainable, low-carbon future and economy.

At Salesforce, we’re thinking big. From our suppliers and our 

customers, to our technology and our brand, we are identifying 

our biggest levers of influence and determining how we can 

make them change agents in the greatest and most high-

stakes challenge ever — the climate emergency. Because in this 

adventure, winning slowly is the same as losing. We need all 

leaders from all sectors to create planetary-scale impact, and fast.

faced. 2019 was a year in which natural disasters occurred with 

To read more about our environmental initiatives, visit  

unprecedented force and frequency. Global experts agree that 

salesforce.com/sustainability.

we need to immediately and collectively create a significant 

year-on-year decline in global CO2 emissions in order to keep 
global temperature rise to 1.5°C. Even 1.5°C will not be pleasant. 

With the 1 degree of change we have already created, we are 

GLOBAL LEADERSHIP AND 
COLLABORATION

seeing devastating and heartbreaking consequences — droughts, 

To deliver unprecedented, timely environmental action, we need 

floods, fires, and storms, causing harm to human and other life 

to achieve new levels of collaboration among businesses, NGOs, 

and fueling the sixth great extinction. As U.N. Secretary-General 

governments, and other institutions on a global scale.

António Guterres said: “The time for action is now. We need 

multilateral action by all governments. And we need them to 

We also know we’re stronger together. That’s why Salesforce 

work hand in hand with the private sector and civil society.” At 

participates in key environmental coalitions and working groups 

Salesforce, we recognize swift action is imperative to address 

including:

climate change and know we can’t do it alone. Collaboration with 

other corporations, the public sector, and NGOs is a key step in 

driving positive change.

•  Accounting for Sustainability 

  •  Advanced Energy Buyers Group 

•  Ceres BICEP Network

Earlier this year, Salesforce, along with a coalition of business, 

•  Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance

civil society, and U.N. leaders, committed to set 1.5°C science-

based emissions reduction targets, the ambitious goal needed 

to prevent the damaging effects of climate change. The Science 

Based Targets initiative has approved Salesforce’s emissions 

•  Step Up Coalition

•  We Are Still In

•  We Mean Business

19 | Protecting Our Planet 

SALESFORCE SUSTAINABILITY CLOUD 

Empowering Every Business to Drive Impactful 
Climate Action 

Since its founding, Salesforce has harnessed the company’s culture of 

innovation to drive positive social impact through serving the interests of 

all its stakeholders — including the environment. Salesforce’s vision is for 

customers to use the entire Customer 360 Platform for environmental good. 

Salesforce Sustainability Cloud is a prebuilt solution that empowers 

businesses to quickly track, analyze, and report reliable environmental 

data to help them reduce their carbon emissions. A company’s carbon 

data is easily integrated into Salesforce and surfaced in Salesforce Einstein 

Analytics, which creates dynamic reports and dashboards — both for audit 

purposes and for executive engagement — with insights that empower 

businesses to drive climate action programs at scale.

Salesforce uses the platform to manage our own environmental footprint 

and deliver high-quality data to our own stakeholders. For the past three 

years, we have obtained limited third-party assurance for a number of our key 

environmental metrics and included these metrics in our financial filings. 

Learn more about Salesforce Sustainability Cloud.

20 | Protecting Our Planet 

1 TRILLION TREES

In January 2020, the World Economic Forum and partners, including Salesforce, 

launched 1t.org to connect, empower, and mobilize a global reforestation 

community of millions, unleashing their potential to act at an unprecedented 

scale and speed. 1t.org has a goal of conserving, restoring, and growing 1 trillion 

trees within this decade. This could result in up to 12 gigatonnes (Gt) of CO2
being sequestered from the atmosphere each year, with the same trees possibly 

storing up to 205 Gt of CO2 once mature. That’s two-thirds of all the CO2 humans 
have emitted since the Industrial Revolution. By conserving, restoring, and planting 

1 trillion trees by 2030, we can help slow the planet’s rising temperatures, as well 

as stimulate biodiversity and revitalize some of the planet’s ecosystem. Carbon 

sequestration is one important step in addressing climate change, but we know 

we must also quickly drive down emissions to create a viable 1.5°C future.

Salesforce has set a goal to support and mobilize the 

conservation and restoration of 100 million trees by 2030. 

1T.ORG WILL:

• Work to overcome the many socioeconomic barriers that hold reforestation 

back by catalyzing top-down system change — such as policy change, 

incentives, market creation, and access to funding and technology. 

•  Raise the level of ambition and spending from business, governments, and 

philanthropists, and provide guidance to turn that ambition into action. 

•  Encourage and enable millions more grassroots reforestation champions 

by providing a digital platform, UpLink, to connect them with the 

opportunities, tools, and resources they need to thrive.

As a founding supporter of 1t.org and development partner of UpLink, Salesforce 

is excited to help 1t.org achieve this monumental goal.

21 | Protecting Our Planet 

ADVOCATING FOR 
CLIMATE POLICY 

OUR CLIMATE POLICY EFFORTS  
IN FY20 WERE FOCUSED ON  
THREE MAJOR PILLARS:

A 1.5°C future will require a transformation at an 

Decreasing GHG Emissions Broadly

unprecedented pace and scale, more than any 

single country, company, or group of companies 

can do alone. This transition is achievable, but it 

will require collaboration, as well as regulatory 

changes and technological advances. 

Every individual, institution, 

government, community, and 

corporation has an essential role to 

play in reaching a 1.5°C future.

It’s not enough for Salesforce, or any other 

company, to only think about its own footprint. 

Only through catalyzing global systemic change 

can we hope to reach a 1.5°C future. One of our 

most powerful tools to drive change at the pace 

and scale the planet needs is our voice and our 

influence. That’s why Salesforce is committed to 

Our first and biggest priority is to advocate for  

clear and consistent government policies that 

drive the full decarbonization of every part of the 

economy, in alignment with a 1.5°C pathway. With 

this in mind, CEO Marc Benioff joined 70+ CEOs 

in signing a letter that calls for the U.S. to remain 

in the Paris Agreement. The letter highlights that a 

consistent signal will allow all businesses, not just 

voluntary leaders, to be confident in making low-

carbon investments. 

Moreover, governments must put forth a robust 

package of policies that embed the cost of carbon 

into our products and services, drive innovation 

and deployment of new technologies, and create 

clear demand for zero-carbon products and 

services. In May 2019, Salesforce joined more than 

75 companies in the largest business gathering 

focused on climate on Capitol Hill in over a decade 

to advocate for climate legislation. The business 

Decreasing the Carbon Intensity of our 

Increasing Access to Renewable Energy

Electricity Supply

In addition to working to increase the proportion 

The cloud runs on electricity, which today 

of clean energy in the communities where we 

comes predominantly from burning fossil fuels. 

operate, we also strive to improve access for 

In fact, approximately 70% of the world’s 

ourselves and others who are looking to purchase 

internet traffic flows through data centers in 

renewable energy. Last year, Salesforce engaged 

Virginia, a state where electricity was only about 

in Dominion Energy’s utility resource planning 

7% renewable in 2018.1 In 2019, Salesforce 

process in Virginia in an effort to increase access to 

stepped forward to challenge Virginia to do 

renewable energy. 

more, calling on the state, lawmakers, and 

utilities to embrace a clean energy future.

Our work has only just begun. We encourage every 

business, individual, government, and community 

to use their voice to influence policy and step up to 

the urgent challenge of climate change. 

1  eia.gov/state/analysis.php?sid=VA 

advocating for policies that set the geographies we 

leaders called on lawmakers for a well-designed 

operate in on a path to a just transition to a  

price on carbon as an important part of the U.S. 

low-carbon economy.

policy solution.

In 2019, Salesforce was recognized as a State Champion by 
Ceres for its leadership in state climate and clean energy policy. 

22 | Protecting Our Planet 

COMMITMENT 
TO CLEAN AND 
RENEWABLE ENERGY 

Our commitment to 100% renewable energy 

means sourcing renewable electricity from 

renewable energy sources equivalent to what we 

use globally on an annual basis. Achieving this in 

Meeting our 100% renewable energy goal is a 

key part of our sustainability strategy. However, 

the ultimate goal is something bigger and more 

complex, because balancing our fossil fuel use 

alone won’t be enough.

We want a future in which clean and 

renewable energy is powering all of 

an impactful way means thinking about deliberate, 

the communities where we operate. 

lasting, long-term grid transformation. Salesforce 

focuses on purchasing renewable energy in a way 

that adds new renewable energy to the grid, avoids 

Reaching this goal will take time, the deployment 

and reduces the greatest possible emissions, and 

of new technologies, financial investment, and 

blazes a trail for others to follow.

regulatory changes.

REACHING 100% RENEWABLE 
ENERGY

BLAZING A TRAIL FOR OTHERS  
TO FOLLOW

In FY19, we published our Clean Energy Strategy,

In 2019, Salesforce announced an exciting new 

detailing how we plan to get to 100% renewable 

renewable aggregation with some incredible 

energy by FY22. In FY20, we procured electricity 

partners and Salesforce customers — Bloomberg, 

from renewable energy resources equivalent to 63%   

Cox Enterprises, Gap, and Workday. Together the 

of what we used globally, predominantly through 

group demonstrated a new approach to renewable 

large-scale, long-term purchases that add additional 

energy procurement, proving that smaller buyers 

renewable energy to the grid. 

We’re pleased to announce that the Bright Stalk Wind 

Farm began operations in late 2019. The Bright 

Stalk Wind VPPA is Salesforce's largest renewable 

energy agreement to date. Salesforce is supporting 

80 megawatts of the 205 megawatt Illinois wind 

project. Check out our Renewable Energy Projects list 

to learn more about our renewable energy portfolio.

can pool their demand and support large-

scale projects in the same impactful way larger 

companies do. The project received the 2019 

Green Power Market Development Award from 

the Center for Resource Solutions and the 2020 

Innovation Award from Smart Energy Decisions.

  Reviewed by Ernst & Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67–70 
for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

23 | Protecting Our Planet 

CLEAN & RENEWABLE ENERGY STRATEGY
Salesforce is committed to reaching 100% renewable 
energy by FY22. 

Learn more about our Clean Energy Strategy.

Learn more about our Renewable Energy Projects.

Wind turbines from the Bright Stalk Wind VPPA

FY20 GLOBAL ELECTRICITY MIX 

Location-Based Methodology 
Total FY20 Electricity Consumption GWh

In FY20, Salesforce consumed 659 GWh of electricity globally. In alignment with the Greenhouse Gas 

Protocol, Salesforce calculates its carbon footprint using two established methods: location-based and 

market-based emissions, as presented in the graph on the right.

LOCATION-BASED METHODOLOGY 

We measure the actual (physical) carbon intensity and energy mix of the electric grids on which we operate. 

This is known as the location-based methodology and is the key indicator of society’s collective progress toward 

achieving the long-term goal of transitioning the electric systems we operate on to low-carbon resources. We 

believe businesses need to prioritize and transparently disclose location-based performance because it more 

accurately reflects the opportunities and roadblocks to a clean and renewable grid. 

MARKET-BASED METHODOLOGY 

The second method, known as a market-based methodology, is largely based off of the contracts we have in 

place for electricity, rather than the mix of resources providing the electricity physically used in operations. The 

graph illustrates our efforts to balance or offset the impacts of our brown power consumption by bringing new 

sources of clean and renewable energy online today. 

As we have progressed toward our 100% renewable energy goal, our market-based emissions have declined. 

This reduction is in line with our Science Based Target of reducing our Scope 1 and 2 market-based emissions 

by 50% by 2030 from a 2018 base year. However, critically, our location-based emissions have increased over 

the same period, reflective of our business growth and the comparatively slow clean energy transition taking 

place on the grids where we operate. This is why, through policy advocacy, we continue to work toward a 24/7 

clean energy supply for all our global operations. Since FY18, Salesforce has also offset the remainder of our 

market-based emissions through the purchase of high-quality carbon credits.

Key

  Renewable Energy

  Hydro

  Nuclear

  Natural Gas

  Coal

  Other Fossil Fuels

Market-Based Methodology 
Total FY20 Electricity Consumption GWh

Key

   Indirect large offsite purchases3  

  Utility renewable energy tariffs5

  Supplier-provided renewable energy4

  Grid-mix renewable content6

  Grid-mix remainder 2

700

600

500

400

300

200

100

0

700

600

500

400

300

200

100

0

61.7

32.9

152.3

208.5

184.6

19.0

236.3

16.2

148.7

12.2

245.6

Scope 1 & 2 Market-based Emissions

2 The energy mix we didn’t balance with renewable energy purchases. 
3  Utility-scale projects that require long-term contracts for energy/environmental attributes. These include our Virtual Power  

Purchase Agreements. 

4 Renewable energy procured by the lessor of a data center or office to meet our electricity use at that site. 
5  Programs in which our utility procures renewable energy specifically on our behalf for sale and delivery to us. The three buildings  

at our corporate headquarters in San Francisco sourced 100% renewable energy in FY20. 

6 The portion of the grid-mix where we operate that comes from renewable energy not otherwise used by specific consumers.

Tons of  
CO2e

150,000

120,000

24 | Protecting Our Planet 

FY17

FY18

FY19

FY20

ANNUAL EMISSIONS

Annual Emissions by Source Including Scope 1, 2, and 3 Emissions (MTCO2e)

Salesforce works to avoid and reduce our emissions where possible. To achieve this, we are 

committed to measuring and transparently disclosing our annual emissions, indicated in the 

following charts. For more detail on our environmental footprint, see the Report Details.

Scope 1 and 2 Emissions by Source (MTCO2e)

FY18  

FY19  

FY20

240,000

286,000

297,000

0

50,000

100,000

150,000

200,000

250,000

300,000

DATA CENTER

OFFICE

OTHER

DATA  
CENTERS

BUSINESS 
TRAVEL7

Scope 1 includes direct emissions such as those from onsite natural gas combustion, leaked refrigerants, and 

so on. Scope 2 includes indirect emissions from the generation of acquired and consumed electricity, steam, 

OFFICES

heat, and cooling. The above emissions were calculated using a location-based methodology.

EMPLOYEE 
COMMUTING

35,000

38,000

28,000

26,000

28,000

38,000

201,000

244,000

264,000

112,000

132,000

146,000

0

50,000

100,000

150,000

200,000

250,000

300,000

FY18

FY19

FY20

The EPA defines MTCO2e as the number of metric tons of CO2 emissions with the same warming potential as one 
metric ton of another greenhouse gas. The above emissions were calculated using a location-based methodology.

7 In addition to Scope 3 Business Travel, this number includes Emissions from Private Jet usage that are included in Scope 1 emissions.

25 | Protecting Our Planet 

SETTING AN INTERNAL 
PRICE ON CARBON

Offsetting all of Scope 1 and 2 

emissions and parts of Scope 3 

puts an internal price on our 

greenhouse gas emission. This 

These include emissions from employee 

commuting and business travel; our data center 

supply chain, such as the manufacture of servers, 

production, and distribution of energy use at our 

data centers; and the impact of our customers 

using Salesforce on their personal devices. These 

actions have also formed the basis of our net-zero 

greenhouse gas emissions  claim since FY18. We 

expect new guidance on the definition of net-zero 

creates a financial incentive to 

after the publication of this report. 

support decisions throughout the 

business that reduce greenhouse 

gas emissions.

Salesforce is proud to deliver all customers a 

carbon neutral  cloud and to offset all employee 

commuting and business travel emissions.

OUR STRATEGY

At Salesforce, business travel and employee 

commuting form a large part of our emissions 

footprint. We have strategies in place to reduce 

these emissions, including placing offices in metro 

areas near mass transit and utilizing virtual meeting 

software that allows for a large number of remote 

workers. We also know there is more work to be 

done. We have rolled out travel dashboards to 

executives to show the emissions associated with 

their team’s travel, so they can make responsible 

For many years, Salesforce has worked to mitigate 

travel choices. In the meantime, and as a way to 

SELECTING HIGH-QUALITY 
CARBON OFFSET PROJECTS

its emissions from its operations by following 

deliver some of the relief the planet needs today, 

In evaluating sustainable development projects, we 

Read more about our journey to delivering a 

a three-step, iterative process: avoid, reduce, 

beginning in FY20, we now offset all emissions 

look for projects that maximize environmental and 

carbon neutral cloud.

offset. In addition to our energy management and 

from business travel and employee commuting. 

social benefits. Additionally, projects go through 

renewable energy work, to offset the remaining 

emissions from our operations and provide 

customers a carbon neutral  cloud, we support 

sustainable development projects through the 

purchase of carbon credits.8 These credits offset 

Salesforce’s global Scope 1 and 2 emissions as  

well as parts of our Scope 3 (indirect emissions). 

26 | Protecting Our Planet 

independent third-party verification to ensure 

adherence to strict internationally recognized 

methodologies for quantifying emissions 

reductions, such as the Gold Standard. We partner 

with carbon project specialists who conduct 

additional audits, have scale and reach, and share 

our core value of innovation.

  Reviewed by Ernst & Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67–70 
for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

8   Each carbon credit represents the removal/avoidance of  
one metric ton of carbon dioxide (or its equivalent) from  
the atmosphere.

 
SUSTAINABLE  
REAL ESTATE

STRATEGY

For Salesforce, real estate is more than architecture 

and design; it’s a physical manifestation of our 

culture. It’s about creating a place where employees 

feel empowered to do their best work and one 

that has a lasting positive impact on our partners, 

customers, communities, and the environment 

around us. Through our robust global Sustainable 

SITING FOR SUSTAINABILITY 

We infuse sustainability into the very beginning of 

Salesforce’s real estate process by incorporating 

sustainability criteria as part of initial site search, 

prioritizing green-certified buildings, and negotiating 

green lease terms for new and existing buildings. 

In FY20, Salesforce received the Institute for 

Market Transformation and Department of Energy’s 

Green Lease Leaders Silver Award.

Built Environment Program, we’ve implemented 

In July 2019, Salesforce received 

intentional measures to reduce our environmental 

impact by delivering consistent sustainable-certified 

space while always looking for ways to innovate. 

We collaborate with industry leaders who are 

shifting the standards of our built environment, 

including:  

•  Paris Solutions Campaign

•  ILFI Tech 20

•  Embodied Carbon in Construction Calculator

•  mindful MATERIALS Catalyst Circle 

the Building Health Leadership 

Award for our approach to 

address occupant health and 

wellbeing through all phases of 

construction and operations. 

CONSTRUCTION AND 
CERTIFICATION 

HEALTHY AND SUSTAINABLE 
MATERIALS IN THE WORKPLACE

The Salesforce design standard promotes 

collaboration, sustainability, employee wellness, 

and fun. It’s about creating a unified Salesforce 

real estate experience across the globe for our 

employees, customers, partners, communities, 

and the environment. Our Design, Procurement, 

and Sustainability teams work in close partnership 

to drive innovative sustainable design and healthy 

our spaces. The scoring results are used to make 

incremental improvements in our purchasing 

decisions and partner with suppliers to create 

sustainable products — from installing carpet made 

from recycled fishing nets, to using low-VOC paint, 

to piloting a new water-based, nontoxic finish on 

conference room tables. The implications of this 

work go beyond our own employees by directly 

impacting those communities and individuals who 

manufacture these products. 

materials standards into all of our spaces. As part 

To learn more about our approach to building and 

At Salesforce, we build our workspaces to meet 

of this comprehensive mission, we launched our 

material health, read our Healthy Materials in the 

leading green building standards around the world, 

Healthy and Sustainable Materials Program in 2016 

Workplace guide.

We are signatories of important initiatives, such as:

such as LEED™,  BREEAM®, Green Mark®, and Fitwel. 

in order to understand, mitigate, and improve 

•  World Green Building Council’s Net Zero 

Carbon Buildings Commitment

•  Center for Environmental Health’s (CEH) 

Pledge For Safer Furniture Without Flame 

Retardants

We see the certification process as a helpful guide 

the environmental and health impacts of our 

for real estate project accountability, transparency, 

building products. Through our comprehensive 

and for driving sustainability. But our sustainable 

scoring tool, we evaluate all suppliers across 

built environment strategy is much more than just a 

holistic criteria including human health, carbon, 

certification process; it’s a framework for delivering 

materiality, water and waste, and social attributes 

world-class, high-performing, healthy spaces. 

in order to ensure we know what is going into 

As of FY20, Salesforce has  

achieved or is pursuing green 

building certification for 74% of  

our office space.

27 | Protecting Our Planet 

SUSTAINABLE OPERATIONS

Salesforce's global design standard is continuously 

improved upon to reduce waste, optimize for LEED®, 

and lower our energy and water consumption. 

We’ve standardized reusable dishes in our kitchens 

to reduce waste and centralized waste bins to 

avoid contamination of the waste streams. We also 

identify opportunities to remove single-use plastics 

in our snack program and offer snacks in bulk when 

possible to reduce unnecessary packaging.

Energy efficiency measures, like LED lighting and 

occupancy sensors, are prioritized in our design 

standard to deliver energy savings, and we install 

floor-level submetering with real-time data to 

continuously improve our operational efficiency.  

We also pursue innovative pilot solutions such  

as battery storage and smart sensors to operate  

high-performance, sustainable buildings. As a  

result of these efforts and LEED certification,  

the average global carbon intensity of our real  

estate offices is steadily declining despite our  

real estate portfolio growth.

EMBODIED CARBON
EMBODIED CARBON

All major, new Salesforce office interiors will align with LEED Platinum v4 
standards by 2020 and pursue International Living Future Institute’s Zero 
Carbon certification by 2030. 

Salesforce is engaged in several efforts to reduce the embodied carbon of the 
products we specify, creating awareness in the industry and influencing a low-

carbon supply chain. Carbon emitted during the manufacturing, transportation, 

installation, and end of life of a product is called the embodied carbon of a 

product. Embodied carbon is responsible for 11% of annual global GHG 
emissions. Since we have a limited amount of time to reduce carbon emissions 
in order to set us on a path to a 1.5°C future, the carbon reductions we can 

make now are more valuable than future carbon reductions. 

Annual Office Carbon Intensity (kgCO2e/Sq ft)

kgCO2e/
Sq ft

8

7

6

5

4

FY18

FY19

FY20

28 | Protecting Our Planet 

INSPIRING EMPLOYEE ACTION
INSPIRING EMPLOYEE ACTION

Our green team, Earthforce, is made up of more than 9,000 passionate 

employee volunteers dedicated to promoting and celebrating environmental 

responsibility at Salesforce.

Earthforce is one of Salesforce’s many employee resource groups. For more 

information on our Equality Groups, see page 41 of this report or visit  
salesforce.com/equality. 

FY20 HIGHLIGHTS:

TEAMS
TEAMS

40+  
100+  
20,000+  

EARTH MONTH CELEBRATIONS
EARTH MONTH CELEBRATIONS

HOURS OF VOLUNTEER TIME
HOURS OF VOLUNTEER TIME

11,000+ 

BADGES EARNED ON TRAILHEAD 
COMPLETING INTERNAL  
SUSTAINABILITY TRAINING

29 | Protecting Our Planet 

 
 
 
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT
WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT

30 | Workforce Development

WORKFORCE 
DEVELOPMENT

SALESFORCE CULTURE

At Salesforce, culture continues to be a significant 

competitive advantage — it engages our people, 

drives the creation of our innovative products, and 

ultimately helps our customers succeed. 

We also believe that it’s about meaningful work, 

purpose, and belonging, which we cultivate through 

transparency in our business processes, equality, our 

1-1-1 philanthropic model, and wellbeing initiatives. 

Culture continues to be a significant 

competitive advantage — it engages 

The way we see it, culture is no longer a nice-to-

our people, drives the creation of our 

have. It’s a business imperative with real return on 

innovative products, and ultimately  

investment. In fact, according to Harvard Business 

helps our customers succeed.

School, when culture is treated as a business 

strategy, companies can see as much as a 50% 

Because of our culture, we’ve been able to attract 

improvement in employee performance. Further 

and retain world-class talent and earn customer 

studies show that a focus on culture drives up 

loyalty to become the fastest-growing enterprise 

levels of innovation by 30% and levels of employee 

software company with $17.1 billion in revenue in 

retention by as much as 40%. 

Over the past 21 years, we have been able to build 

FY20. We have also been named an “Innovator of 

the Decade” by Forbes and one of the “100 Best 

Companies to Work For®” by Fortune for the past  

a reputation as a great place to work and scale our 

12 years in a row.

culture as we’ve grown because of our focus on 

values — our four core values are trust, customer 

Full-Time Employees

success, innovation, and equality. We live these 

values everyday — both inside and outside the 

company. We are also highly intentional about our 

culture. We write it down; we prioritize it; we put 

programs behind it; we measure it; we innovate 

on it; and we hold ourselves accountable to it. 

FY18  

FY19  

FY20  

29,000

35,000

49,000

0

20,000

40,000

60,000

31 | Workforce Development

SALESFORCE IS CONSISTENTLY 
SALESFORCE IS CONSISTENTLY  
RANKED A BEST PLACE TO WORK:
RANKED A BEST PLACE TO WORK:

GREAT PLACE  
TO WORK

• AUSTRALIA  #1 in 2019

• GERMANY  #4 in 2019

• FRANCE  #1 in 2019

• CANADA  #4 in 2019

• U.K.  #1 in 2019

• JAPAN  #1 in 2019

• INDIA  #36 in 2019

• EUROPE  #1 in 2019

• BAVARIA  #1 in 2019

• ASIA  #9 in 2019

• U.S.  #2 in 2019

• LATIN AMERICA  #18 in 2019

• SINGAPORE  #2 in 2019

• WORLD’S BEST  #3 in 2019

• IRELAND  #3 in 2019

•  UK’S BEST WORKPLACES  

• NETHERLANDS  #3 in 2019

IN TECH 2019  #1 in 2019

• ARGENTINA  #4 in 2019

FORTUNE • FORTUNE 100 BEST COMPANIES TO WORK FOR  #2 in 2019

• BEST WORKPLACES FOR MILLENNIALS  #3 in 2019

• BEST WORKPLACES IN TECHNOLOGY  #3 in 2019

• BEST WORKPLACES FOR WOMEN  #7 in 2019

• FUTURE 50  #9 in 2019

• BEST WORKPLACES FOR PARENTS  #15 in 2019

• BEST WORKPLACES FOR DIVERSITY  #25 in 2019

PEOPLE • COMPANIES THAT CARE  #1 in 2019

GLOBAL GROWTH 

Salesforce announced two new towers around the 

world that will result in more than 3,000 jobs created:

• TOKYO      • SYDNEY

TALENT DEVELOPMENT

Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and develop a 

talented workforce. With technology changing so rapidly, companies need 

to look beyond traditional, one-size-fits-all solutions and seek out new 

approaches to learning.

At Salesforce, we do this foremost by offering learning and development 

content to all employees through myTrailhead, our learning experience 

platform. myTrailhead empowers our employees with customized learning 

content, designed just for them. With myTrailhead, we’re creating a 

culture of continuous learning at Salesforce, where we put a focus on 

learning at every stage of an employee’s career journey.

With an eye on building the next generation of global leaders and 

high-impact teams, Salesforce’s Talent Development team also creates 

and facilitates customized, long-term development programs for our 

employees. These programs last anywhere from a few days to an entire 

year, with an emphasis on people managers and senior leaders.

Our talent development work focuses on building high-impact teams that 

have a common purpose, act with courage and compassion, are mutually 

accountable, are willing to broaden their thinking, drive execution, and 

create a supportive and inclusive climate. We are on a journey to create 

a workplace where employees push boundaries and address challenges 

using our hearts and minds in order to collaborate on meaningful and 

impactful work.

At Salesforce, 92% of employees  
say their workplace is great.

- 2019 GREAT PLACE TO WORK® SURVEY -

32 | Workforce Development

SUPPORTING EMPLOYEE GROWTH
SUPPORTING EMPLOYEE GROWTH

Leading Ohana

Leading Ohana is a program designed to transform executives over a year-long period into mindful, 

purpose-driven, globally oriented leaders ready to take our business and ecosystem to the next level. 

It is a transformational leadership program designed to help vertical development with an emphasis 

on encouraging complex thinking. A key component of this program is working with purpose-driven 

organizations in developing communities and helping individuals apply the leadership skills gained  

through the program. 

193

  EXECUTIVE PARTICIPANTS 
  TO DATE

Accelerate

115

 APPROXIMATED HOURS OF 
DEVELOPMENT PER PARTICIPANT

Accelerate is a year-long program for high-potential 

employees who are not yet managers to prepare them 

to be future team leaders. The program provides 

participants with tools to become more aware of 

themselves and others, equips them with leadership 

behaviors, and teaches them what it means to be a 

leader at Salesforce. 

900+

 PARTICIPANTS TO DATE

55+

 APPROXIMATED HOURS OF 
STRUCTURED* DEVELOPMENT  
PER PARTICIPANT

*  Each participant is expected to drive their own development beyond structured hours.

 
 
 
FUTUREFORCE

Our Futureforce University Recruiting program is dedicated to attracting and cultivating next-generation talent. Our interns and new 

graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the 

future of our company.

Never was that more apparent than FY20 when we saw 
Never was that more apparent than FY20 when we saw 

Futureforce alumni take the main stage at the Dreamforce 
Futureforce alumni take the main stage at the Dreamforce 

keynote, earn patents from their intern projects, and take on 
keynote, earn patents from their intern projects, and take on 

key roles within our Equality team as their generation leads the 
key roles within our Equality team as their generation leads the 

charge for change.
charge for change.

In FY20, we hired more than 1,200 new graduates 
In FY20, we hired more than 1,200 new graduates 

and over 850 interns — and we’re just getting 
and over 850 interns — and we’re just getting 

started, with a goal to hire 18% of Salesforce’s 
started, with a goal to hire 18% of Salesforce’s 

workforce in FY21 from this group.
workforce in FY21 from this group.

33 | Workforce Development
33 | Section 

PREPARING A FUTURE-READY 
WORKFORCE

We’re committed to building a more diverse and inclusive global 

workforce prepared with the skills to thrive in the 21st century, beginning 

in our own offices and communities. Establishing a strong professional 

foundation begins with early career exposure, on-the-job training, and the 

opportunity to build professional networks. This is why, for the past 12 

years, Salesforce has partnered with workforce development organizations 

to connect untapped talent to meaningful paid work experiences.

We are proud that 53% of the Year Up interns who 

joined us in FY20 continued with Salesforce following 

the program, bringing tremendous value to our 

company and community.

Across the globe, over 

700 young adults have 

joined Salesforce through 

various workforce 

development partners, 

pursuing internships 

and apprenticeships that 

help them gain valuable 

skills while contributing 

to our teams.

34 | Workforce Development

U.K. Apprenticeship Programs
U.K. Apprenticeship Programs

In FY20, we expanded our apprenticeship programs in London, continuing our partnership with WhiteHat 

and launching a new apprenticeship program in partnership with Ada, the National College for Digital 

Skills. Both WhiteHat and Ada are focused on closing the opportunity gap and developing a diverse 

talent pipeline by providing young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities with the 

opportunities, training, and support needed to progress into meaningful careers.

WhiteHat apprentices joined our Customer Success, Marketing, Employee Success, and Global 

Philanthropy & Engagement teams, while we launched Salesforce’s apprenticeship program with Ada in 

partnership with our Solution Engineering team. Both partnerships demonstrate the growing demand  

for apprentices across different business units, a testament to the significant value these young adults 

bring to Salesforce.

U.S. Internship Programs

In FY20, we welcomed our largest intern classes to date in the United States, hosting more than 100 Year 

Up and Genesys Works interns across our Atlanta, Bay Area, Bellevue, Chicago, Dallas, Herndon, and 

New York City offices.

Following six months of intensive technical and professional training, Year Up interns spend six months 

at Salesforce, completing internships across a wide range of business functions. These young adults  

(ages 18–24) often come from communities where opportunity is not abundant; yet they possess the 

talent and drive necessary to grow, succeed, and contribute to the workforce.

Genesys Works provides high school students with pathways to career success through skills training, 

meaningful work experience, and impactful relationships. Genesys Works interns spend nine months at 

Salesforce while attending school half time, gaining what is typically their first professional experience 

and exploring potential career paths before beginning college.

SKILLING UP FOR  
THE FUTURE

TRAILHEAD

Salesforce is committed to enabling the 

workforce to learn the skills needed to 

thrive in the jobs of today and tomorrow. 

At the core of this commitment is Trailhead. 

Trailhead, Salesforce’s free gamified online 

learning platform, empowers anyone to skill up 

for the future. Trailhead’s mission is to reduce 

the barriers to learning and provide anyone, 

regardless of their background or education 

level, with the tools needed to land a job in the 

thriving Salesforce ecosystem. With Trailhead, 

anyone can learn in-demand skills, earn resume-

worthy credentials that companies are hiring for, 

and connect to opportunity from mentorship to 

employment with the Trailblazer Community. 

Since its launch, nearly 2 million 

Trailblazers have earned over 

20 million badges on Trailhead.

35 | Workforce Development

TRAILBLAZER HIGHLIGHT

Jesse Twum-Boafo
SOLUTIONS ARCHITECT
PwC
Cape Town, South Africa

@Jesse_tb

Rebecca Aichholzer
HEAD OF BUSINESS SYSTEM SUCCESS
QIC
Brisbane, Australia

@bextabooo

Jesse’s plans for a career in nonprofits changed when he discovered the 

Rebecca had a solid job as a sales manager, but she didn’t discover her true 

power of the Salesforce Platform. Despite his limited tech background, 

purpose and passion until she implemented Salesforce for her team. As 

Jesse chased the opportunity to work in the ecosystem. He challenged 

Rebecca learned on Trailhead and got engaged in the Trailblazer Community, 

himself to master the platform by learning on Trailhead. Now Jesse holds 

she fell in love with the platform and fellow Trailblazers. She is now a 

10 Salesforce certifications, leads cutting-edge Salesforce implementations 

technology leader and an advocate for Women in Tech. Rebecca is head 

in South Africa, enjoys engaging in the global Trailblazer Community, and 

of Business System Success, a community group leader, a Women in Tech 

inspires anyone who will listen to start learning on Trailhead.

advocate, and an inspiring speaker on conquering imposter syndrome.

Alvaro Mattos
FOUNDER
Sottama
Sao Paulo, Brazil

@alvaromattos

Althea Taite
SALESFORCE ADMINISTRATOR
L’Oréal
Jacksonville, FL, USA

@iamtaite

Alvaro needed a fresh start after the age of 60. After a 40+ year career in 

Althea wanted to skill up on technology to stay relevant in the changing 

IT and sales, Alvaro discovered Salesforce and enjoyed working on the 

marketing landscape. So she searched for ways to add tech skills to her 

platform. When he faced an unexpected layoff, Alvaro immersed himself 

traditional marketing background, found Salesforce, and started learning 

in learning on Trailhead and earned hundreds of badges and several 

on Trailhead. Then she went deep by joining a PepUp Tech cohort to learn 

certifications. Alvaro had a tough time finding a job due to his mature age 

with peers, get mentorship, and build connections. Now Althea is thriving 

and career experience, so he started his own consulting company. Now he’s 

as a full-time Salesforce Admin, and she’s excited about lifelong learning 

having the time of his life working on his own terms.

and continued growth in the Salesforce ecosystem.  

PATHFINDER TRAINING 
PROGRAM

Salesforce’s Pathfinder Training Program is a 

workforce development initiative designed to train 

individuals with the technical and business skills 

necessary to pursue a career in the Salesforce 

ecosystem. Launched in 2018 in collaboration with 

Deloitte, Pathfinder began with a commitment to 

train the next generation of Trailblazers. Our vision 

is that all individuals — regardless of background, 

demographics, and socioeconomic status — have the 

skills and support necessary to pursue careers in the 

Fourth Industrial Revolution. By providing a rigorous 

curriculum, fostering community support, and 

collaborating with a network of diverse institutions 

and employers, Pathfinder gives participants access 

to the technical training and resources necessary to 

transform their lives and careers.

To date, 269 individuals have graduated 

from the Pathfinder Program — and we 

plan to welcome six more cohorts in FY21 

as part of our global expansion this year 

to the Bay Area and EMEA.

36 | Workforce Development

“I feel extremely grateful for the life-

changing opportunities the Pathfinder 

Program has brought me. A year ago, 

I did not know how to write a line of 

code, and now I’m working for a tech 

company configuring their processes by 

point-and-click programming and Apex.”

  —  Anh Nguyen 
         Pathfinder Graduate

 
TRAILBLAZER SPOTLIGHT: CIARA SKILES
TRAILBLAZER SPOTLIGHT: CIARA SKILES

Ciara Skiles, an active duty military spouse, discovered Salesforce Military at 

a Hiring Our Heroes Career Summit while stationed in Yokosuka, Japan. She 

successfully reskilled as a Salesforce Administrator and is now thriving in a 

remote consultant role. 

Not only did Ciara double her salary, but she is now able to build a career 

while frequently moving as a military spouse.

SALESFORCE MILITARY

In November 2019, Salesforce Military celebrated 

the five-year anniversary of our commitment to 

the military community. We support veterans and 

military spouses by investing in training and career 

support to help them transition to rewarding 

In May 2019, we launched the Salesforce 

Military Alliance, in partnership with 

Accenture Federal Services and Prudential, 

to create a larger movement to prioritize 

and accelerate the interviewing and 

hiring of veterans and military spouses for 

civilian careers in the Salesforce ecosystem. This 

Salesforce ecosystem roles. 

ecosystem will drive an estimated 4.2 million new 

jobs by 2024, and the Salesforce Military Program 

enables the military community to be first in line.

These Salesforce partners and customers commit 

to guaranteed job interviews for any veteran or 

military spouse who completes online training and 

We know it isn’t enough to train the military 

earns an administrator certification, and/or offers 

community with the necessary technology skills 

reskilling opportunities to their current veteran or 

to succeed. Transitioning veterans are often 

military spouse employees through the Salesforce 

overlooked during the hiring process because their 

Military Program. 

unique experiences might not translate directly 

to a posted job description. They need help to get 

their resumes to the top of the pile. 

The Alliance has grown to 20 partners, and more 

than 115 military community members have 

signed up for interviews. These partnerships will 

drive tangible opportunities for military community 

job seekers and bring military talent into the Fourth 

Industrial Revolution.

.

HERE ARE SOME OF SALESFORCE MILITARY'S ACHIEVEMENTS OVER THE LAST FIVE YEARS:

24,000+  

MEMBERS SIGNED UP ON 
MEMBERS SIGNED UP ON 
SALESFORCE.COM/MILITARY 
SALESFORCE.COM/MILITARY 
AND ACTIVELY LEARNING
AND ACTIVELY LEARNING

 170,000+  

TRAILHEAD BADGES EARNED

2,100  

SALESFORCE CERTIFICATIONS EARNED
SALESFORCE CERTIFICATIONS EARNED

600 

SALESFORCE MILITARY TRAILBLAZERS CURRENTLY 
WORKING IN THE SALESFORCE ECOSYSTEM

37 | Workforce Development

 
  
 
 
 
 
EQUALITY FOR ALL
EQUALITY FOR ALL

38 | Equality for All

EQUALITY FOR ALL

EQUALITY

Equality is a core value at Salesforce, and we believe in Equality for All. We’re 

working to create a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and 

where everyone feels empowered to bring their full, authentic selves to work. 

We do this through increasing representation — we strive to make our workplaces 

reflect society; creating opportunity  — we believe everyone should have an equal 

opportunity to succeed in tech; and through empowering allyship — we believe 

everyone has a responsibility to be an ally, and help build a more equal world.

Creating a culture of Equality isn’t just the right thing to  

do; it’s also the smart thing — empowering us to innovate, 

build deeper connections with our customers, and 

ultimately become a better company.

Foundational to this journey is understanding the data. We know there is more 

work to be done on this path to creating a workplace that reflects society. 

As part of our mission to create a workplace that reflects society, we set a new 

goal and strategies to accelerate growth and drive change within our company. 

We aspire to have 50% of our U.S. workforce made up  

of Underrepresented Groups (Women, Black, Latinx,  

Indigenous, Multiracial, LGBTQ+, People with Disabilities,  

and Veterans) by FY24 and to continue building a workplace  

that reflects society around the globe.

39 | Equality for All

FY20 DIVERSITY INDICATORS

U.S. Employees by Ethnicity

Global Employees by Gender

61.6% White
61.6% White

25.6% Asian & Indian
25.6% Asian & Indian

4.3% Hispanic or Latino
4.3% Hispanic or Latino

3.0% Black
3.0% Black

2.8% Two or More Races
2.8% Two or More Races

2.2% Undisclosed
2.2% Undisclosed
.3% Hawaiian/Pacific Islander
.3% Hawaiian/Pacific Islander

.2% American Indian/ 
.2% American Indian/
Alaska Native
Alaska Native

33% Female
33% Female

66.8% Male
66.8% Male

.2% Non-Binary or  
.2% Non-Binary or 
Undisclosed
Undisclosed

Data as of 2019

OUR PATH TO 
EQUALITY 

Invest in Development  

Cultivate Supplier Diversity 

We are investing in empowering our future diverse 

We also are committed to giving access to diverse 

leaders with two new initiatives – our Equality 

business owners and vendors through our Supplier 

EQUAL PAY FOR 
EQUAL WORK

Mentorship program and a partnership with the 

Diversity program.

Executive Leadership Council on an in-house 

program focused on underrepresented minorities.

Adopt Workforce Development Programs 

We believe in widening access to the tech 

Adopt Inclusive Business Practices  

industry by training and enabling the diverse 

We have established Inclusive Hiring and Inclusive 

workforce of tomorrow through various workforce 

Leadership trainings for our managers and have 

development programs. These efforts include our 

invested more than $12 million to ensure Equal Pay  

Pathfinder program in partnership with Deloitte, 

Salesforce Military, Futureforce, Trailhead, and our 

partnership with external programs, including Year 

Up and Genesys Works.

for Equality Work.

Invest in the Diverse Workforce of the Future  

We have invested $67.4 million in San Francisco 

and Oakland public schools and over $90 million 

worldwide.

Lead in Ethical and Humane Use 

We established an Office of Ethical and Humane 

Use as part of our Office of Equality to help ensure 

our products are developed and used in ways that 

are ethical and uphold the fundamental human 

rights of every individual.

Focus on Accessibility 

We strive to be Trailblazers in ensuring accessibility, 

from our products to workplaces, through our new 

Office of Accessibility.

In 2016, Salesforce made a commitment to ensure 

equal pay for equal work. As of April 30, 2020, 

the company has spent more than $12 million to 

address unexplained differences in pay among 

genders, as well as between race and ethnicity 

in the U.S. The Salesforce salary assessment 

methodology analyzes the employee population 

based on objective factors that determine pay 

such as job function, level, and location. The 

assessment then groups employees in comparable 

roles and analyzes salaries of a given group to 

determine where there are statistical differences 

across race in the U.S. and gender globally. 

Salesforce will continue to focus on equality, 

diversity, and inclusion at all levels and review 

employee compensation on an ongoing basis. 

We are humbled to be recognized by Fortune as one 

of the best workplaces for diversity, but we know 

there is much more work to be done. We believe we 

have a broader responsibility to the world in which 

we live and work. 

As part of our commitment to being a platform  

for change, we:

Lead with Data  

Our senior leaders are empowered monthly with 

a scorecard detailing the head count, hiring, 

attrition, and promotion data by Gender (Global) 

and Race (U.S.). We pair our largest organizations 

with an Equality Board made up of their Recruiting, 

Employee Success, Equality Partners, and senior 

leaders to drive prescriptive actions based on data.

Empower Our Equality Groups  

Our Equality Groups are employee-led 

organizations to support our underrepresented 

communities. Their leaders are on the front 

lines of Equality, driving progress together as 

volunteers. Our employees receive 56 hours a year 

to volunteer — time spent leading this important 

work counts toward their hours. We encourage 

everyone to participate as allies to build empathy, 

learn, and stand up for their colleagues.

40 | Equality for All

OUR EQUALITY 
GROUPS

At Salesforce, we strive to create workplaces 

that are reflective of the communities we serve 

and where everyone feels welcomed, valued, 

heard, and included in our company. One of 

the ways we do this is through our employee 

resource groups, which we call Equality Groups. 

Salesforce empowers its 12 Equality Groups 

to create community for underrepresented 

groups and their allies, offer professional 

development and mentoring opportunities, 

and empower employees to be impactful 

equality leaders in their community.

In FY20, the Equality Groups organized to 

contribute over 110,000 volunteer hours to our 

global community. Over 100 new regional groups 

were launched to localize conversations around 

equality and ensure inclusion in our global offices.

Salesforce has 12 official Equality Groups: 

Abilityforce, Asiapacforce, BOLDforce, 

Earthforce, Faithforce, Genforce, Latinoforce, 

Outforce, Southasiaforce, Vetforce, 

WINDforce, and Women’s Network. 

Read about all of our Equality Groups 

at salesforce.com/equality.

41 | Equality for All

asiapacforce

southasiaforce

WINDforce

ETHICAL AND 
HUMANE USE OF 
TECHNOLOGY

of this process, we released an updated policy to 

prohibit the sale of certain firearms and accessories 

to private citizens on our platform.

Multistakeholder dialogue is key to the Office of 

We opened the the Office of Ethical and Humane 

Ethical and Humane Use. We are in our second 

Use within our Office of Equality in 2018 to create 

year of convening our Ethical Use Advisory Council, 

technology and policies that drive customer 

which meets quarterly to provide guidance and 

success, while upholding the basic human rights  

counsel for our ethical use initiatives. Our Council 

of every individual.

is composed of internal front-line employees, 

executives, and external experts in academia  

The Office of Ethical and Humane Use, led by Paula 

and civil society in the fields of human rights and 

Goldman, Chief Ethical and Humane Use Officer, 

ethics in tech. 

focuses on three key areas:

Ethical Use Policy: Understanding the direct 

impact of our products on the world

Ethics by Design: Creating a culture of ethics by 

design throughout Salesforce

Advancing the Field: Enabling multistakeholder 

dialogues

We do this by engaging with a diverse set of 

ETHICS BY DESIGN

We are deliberate in embedding ethical and 

humane principles and features into our products 

and processes. We empower all Trailblazers — our 

teams, customers, and stakeholders — to consider 

technology’s potential harms, so we can build 

tools and features together that help us navigate 

unprecedented uncertainty, increase trust, and 

stakeholders to include a wide range of views to 

positively impact the world. For example, we offer 

inform our work and reflect our core value of equality.

customers’ Salesforce admins the ability to flag 

sensitive fields (for example, age, race, gender), find 

highly correlated variables (proxies), and “protect” 

(exclude) them from use in an AI model. We’re 

extending this strategy to non-AI products as well.  

ETHICAL USE POLICY

Our first area of focus is understanding the direct 

impact of our products in society. The Office of 

Ethical and Humane Use works across product, 

legal, policy, and ethics to develop and implement 

a strategic framework to help our customers use 

our products in a responsible manner. As a result 

42 | Equality for All

We strive to empower our 

marine wildlife.  

customers to implement AI safely, 

accurately, and ethically.

One of the ways we have done this is through 

the “Responsible Creation of AI” module, which 

launched in May 2019. This trail is a primer in 

some foundational ethical concepts and helps 

employees and customers address potential bias 

and harms in their data and models. To help 

employees build ethical AI, we teach ethics as a 

core part of our monthly Machine Learning course 

for product managers. 

Finally, Salesforce Research has been active in 

developing AI for Social Good. In November 2019, 

we launched SharkEye, a research partnership 

with Benioff Ocean Initiative and San Diego State 

University that uses Einstein Vision to detect great 

white sharks to learn more about their biology  

and help people safely share the ocean with 

ADVANCING THE FIELD

Salesforce participates in a variety of organizations 

and human rights advocacy groups to further the 

ethical use of technology. We partner with several 

civil society organizations to collaborate and 

advance the field of ethics and tech. 

One of the groups we have partnered with 

repeatedly is the WEF at the Center for the 

Fourth Industrial Revolution. Salesforce is on 

the Responsible Use of Technology Steering 

Committee and has participated in workshops on 

the Public Procurement of AI, AI Board Toolkit, and 

Generation AI. Furthermore, Salesforce seconded 

three employees to the WEF as fellows on the topics 

of Ethics in Tech and Ethical AI.

You can read more about our Office of Ethical and 

Humane Use at salesforce.com/company/ethical-

and-humane-use. 

INVESTING FOR 
IMPACT

At Salesforce, we believe that 

technology has the power to accelerate 

solutions to solve some of the world’s 

most urgent problems. 

The United Nations estimates that reaching the 

Sustainable Development Goals in developing 

countries will cost approximately $3.9 trillion per 

year,* and we believe that impact investing will play 

a critical role in advancing market-based solutions 

that address many development challenges. 

The Salesforce Ventures Impact Fund continues 

to advance the growth of companies that are 

building products and solutions to drive positive 

impact for people and the planet. Our investments 

span across four key focus areas: workforce 

development, sustainability, diversity and inclusion, 

and the social sector. In 2019, we supported four 

of our existing portfolio companies with follow-on 

investments and invested in five new companies. 

We work closely with our portfolio companies 

to help them leverage the power of the growing 

Salesforce ecosystem, with the goal of deploying 

and scaling their technology to communities that 

need them the most. 

*  mckinsey.com/business-functions/sustainability/our-

insights/how-impact-investing-can-reach-the-mainstream 

43 | Equality for All

PORTFOLIO IMPACT
PORTFOLIO IMPACT

We are proud of the growing portfolio, its impact on all our stakeholders, and its potential for the 
future. Here are the key milestones that the Impact Fund's 21 portfolio companies achieved in 
calendar year 2019:

57%

OF PORTFOLIO COMPANIES HAVE 
 OF PORTFOLIO COMPANIES HAVE 
DIVERSE** FOUNDERS OR CEOS
 DIVERSE** FOUNDERS OR CEOS

89%

OF PORTFOLIO COMPANIES HAVE A 
 OF PORTFOLIO COMPANIES HAVE A 
DIVERSE** BOARD OF DIRECTORS
 DIVERSE** BOARD OF DIRECTORS

$254M

REVENUE GENERATED
 REVENUE GENERATED

$319M

NEW INVESTMENT CAPITAL RAISED
 NEW INVESTMENT CAPITAL RAISED

1,173

  NET NEW JOBS CREATED AT 
 PORTFOLIO COMPANIES 

8M

  INDIVIDUALS DIRECTLY SERVED 
INDIVIDUALS DIRECTLY SERVED 

3M

  STUDENTS SERVED 
STUDENTS SERVED 

1M

  LOW-INCOME STUDENTS SERVED 
LOW-INCOME STUDENTS SERVED 

112,500+

 METRIC TONS OF CO2 REDUCED
METRIC TONS OF CO2 REDUCED

4.8M
  INDIVIDUALS RECEIVED ACCESS TO 

INDIVIDUALS RECEIVED ACCESS TO 
NEW FINANCIAL SERVICES 
 NEW FINANCIAL SERVICES 

$9.6B

 IN DONATIONS AND GRANTS UNLOCKED

** Diversity is defined as having female or underrepresented minority representation.

 
 
 
 
   
  
   
   
   
 
   
  
 
PORTFOLIO COMPANY SPOTLIGHTS
PORTFOLIO COMPANY SPOTLIGHTS

Guild Education Reaches Unicorn Status

In November 2019, a $157 million Series D fundraise at a $1 billion valuation 

Unite Us Is Bridging the Gap Between  
Healthcare and Social Services

placed Guild Education in rarified unicorn territory. Led by CEO and Co-Founder 

To address the social factors that contribute to people’s health outcomes, 

Rachel Carlson, this education technology company upskills the workforce of 

Unite Us created a technology platform that standardizes how health and 

today for jobs of tomorrow by partnering with Fortune 1000 employers like 

social care providers communicate and track outcomes together. Its proven 

Walmart, Disney, Lowe’s, and Chipotle. Guild helps these leading companies 

infrastructure provides both a person-centered care coordination platform 

offer debt-free education pathways to their front-line employees, all of which 

and a hands-on community engagement process. By generating meaningful 

is deeply aligned with the companies’ broader corporate strategies. In line 

data on services and outcomes, Unite Us empowers its network partners 

with Guild’s mission to unlock opportunity for America’s workforce through 

to consistently improve the services they’re providing and optimize the 

education, more than 400,000 working 

adults have used the company’s 

platform and network of nonprofit, 

accredited universities to explore a  

debt-free path to pursuing programs 

that include bachelor’s and master’s 

degrees, certificates, trade diplomas, 

ESL classes, and high school completion.

way care is being delivered in their 

communities. Unite Us is now active 

in 35 states, working with many of 

the largest insurance companies, 

healthcare providers, governments, 

and community-based organizations. 

The Salesforce Ventures Impact Fund’s 

strategic investment aims to scale and 

strengthen the power of this technology 

to address real challenges in the social 

determinants of health.

44 | Equality for All
44 | Section 
44 | Section 

PHILANTHROPY
PHILANTHROPY

45 | Philanthropy

IN FY20:
IN FY20:

46,000+
Salesforce provided more than                                nonprofit and higher education 
Salesforce provided more than                                nonprofit and higher education 

organizations with the use of our service offerings for free or at a discount. 

85%
to achieve their missions.

of Salesforce.org’s customers reported that using Salesforce helped them 

        20%     
Salesforce.org customers reported an average          improvement in operational 
36%
           improvement in collaboration with their peers and 
costs and an average            improvement in collaboration with their peers and 
the communities they serve.

PHILANTHROPY

SALESFORCE & 
SALESFORCE.ORG

economic mobility. Ultimately, we seek to create a 

more diverse and inclusive global workforce pre-

pared with the skills to thrive in the 21st century.

From the time Salesforce was founded, giving 

back has always been part of our DNA. Since 

then, we have donated $330 million in grants 

and our employees have volunteered more 

than 4.9 million hours in our communities. 

We empower 49,000 Salesforce employees to 

give back as citizen philanthropists and invest 

in our local communities through strategic 

investments by the Salesforce Foundation.

Our philanthropic efforts are grounded in a com-

mitment to advance equity and access, rooted in 

our belief that talent is everywhere but opportu-

nity is not. Through our strategic investments and 

partnerships, we are strengthening public school 

districts, helping young people find affordable paths 

to and through college, advancing demand-driven 

skills training, and connecting untapped talent 

with meaningful career opportunities that lead to 

In June 2019, Salesforce.org was integrated into 

Salesforce. Salesforce.org remains aligned with our 

customers and is singularly committed to improving 

the state of the world. We continue to provide free 

and highly discounted technology to the nonprofit 

and education sectors. With over 46,000 nonprofits, 

educational institutions, and philanthropies 

using our technology, we are dedicated to 

creating solutions for the social impact sector to 

connect, organize, and scale their missions.

Our potential to drive positive change at scale has 

never been greater. The philanthropic power of 

our global community has never been stronger. 

And Salesforce.org’s capacity to innovate on top 

of the world’s #1 CRM platform has never been 

higher. We remain inspired by our customers, 

committed to cross-sector collaboration, and 

optimistic about the impact we can have together.

46 | Philanthropy

PHILANTHROPY CLOUD
PHILANTHROPY CLOUD

SALESFORCE.ORG PHILANTHROPY CLOUD IS LEADING WITH PURPOSE 

With Salesforce.org Philanthropy Cloud, we are ushering in a new era of giving. 
Today’s employees are more socially conscious and engaged than ever before with their 

local communities and with the world at large. That’s why Salesforce.org and United Way 

partnered to create a platform that connects employees with the causes they care about 

most, turning them into citizen philanthropists. 

Connecting Citizen & Corporate Philanthropy at Scale:

• Employee Giving & Volunteering 

• Matching Gifts & Grants 

• Impact Reporting

• Consumer Engagement 

Philanthropy Cloud lets every company and  

employee turn their values into action.

Learn more about how Philanthropy Cloud empowers companies and employees to 

put their values into action at salesforce.org/philanthropy-cloud. 

47 | Philanthropy

GIVING

FURTHERING OUR INVESTMENTS  
IN PUBLIC SCHOOLS

ELIMINATING FINANCIAL 
BARRIERS TO HIGHER EDUCATION

CELEBRATING SALESFORCE’S 
CITIZEN PHILANTHROPISTS

In FY20, we invested more than $70 million in 

grants and 1 million employee volunteer hours  

to support the communities where we live and 

work. In particular, we’re committed to advancing 

access to high-quality education and meaningful 

career opportunities, both of which are essential  

for helping young people reach their full  

potential, building a more equitable society,  

and strengthening our global economy. We  

call this future-ready.

Here are just a few of our annual highlights:

48 | Philanthropy

We take a holistic approach to supporting public 

Through our partnership with uAspire, a leading 

Salesforce employees are Trailblazers for a brighter 

schools, with a focus on advancing educational 

nonprofit focused on college affordability, we are 

future. Through their outstanding commitments 

opportunities, strengthening student outcomes, 

helping young people identify financially viable 

to schools and nonprofit organizations, they 

and developing educators as leaders. In FY20, 

paths to and through college. In FY20, we granted 

are leveling the playing field and helping young 

we donated $19.1 million to U.S. public school 

$500,000 to uAspire, advancing its mission to 

people see what they can be. They are mentors, 

districts, including $8.5 million to San Francisco 

ensure that all young people have an equitable 

tutors, and role models, committed to building 

Unified School District, $8.7 million to Oakland 

opportunity to graduate from college and reach 

a more inclusive and diverse global workforce. 

Unified School District, $750,000 to Chicago Public 

their full potential.

Schools, $650,000 to Indianapolis Public Schools, 

and $500,000 to the New York City Department 

of Education. Our newest investment in New York 

represents our fifth district partnership and will 

allow us to reach triple the number of students we 

serve through our investments in public schools.

In addition to our strategic investments, we also 

provide technology in classrooms and volunteer 

our time to support local schools. Through the 

Circle the Schools program, we are providing 

a new model for how companies can support 

local schools. In Australia, we partner with the 

nonprofit Schools Plus to “circle” under-resourced 

schools; in FY20, we hosted our second Schools 

Plus Collaboration Forum, convening teachers 

and principals from 41 schools to advance best 

practices in STEM education. To date, we have 

circled 122 schools across 43 cities and 12 

countries, and our employees have volunteered 

over 65,000 hours to strengthen schools in  

their communities.

CREATING PATHWAYS TO 
STRONG FIRST JOBS

Only one in four college students from 

underrepresented backgrounds graduates with 

a strong first job, leaving millions in low-wage 

roles and saddled with student loan debt. We 

are committed to closing the education-to-

employment gap. In FY20, we invested $500,000 

in Braven, supporting the organization’s efforts 

to empower low-income, first-generation college 

students in the United States with the skills, 

confidence, experiences, and networks necessary 

to transition from college to strong first jobs, 

leading to meaningful careers and lives of impact. 

We also proudly invested $500,000 in Mozaïk RH, a 

leading French nonprofit committed to supporting 

young people from disadvantaged and migrant 

backgrounds, enabling their successful transitions 

from university to meaningful careers.

In FY20, we piloted the Future Ready Volunteer 

Awards to recognize and celebrate our employee 

citizen philanthropists and the organizations they 

partner with to advance access to high-quality 

education and meaningful career opportunities. 

After reviewing a set of competitive applications 

from across the globe, we selected five winning 

nonprofits from the United States, Israel, Mexico, 

Ghana, and India. Each winner received a $20,000 

donation for the organization they volunteer with, 

furthering these organizations’ missions as well as 

our collective vision for a future-ready workforce.

PLEDGE 1%
PLEDGE 1%

Salesforce is a Pledge 1% founder, member, and champion. 

We are active in creating a movement of businesses that integrate 

social impact into their company DNA. Following the 1-1-1 model 

that Salesforce pioneered, Pledge 1% encourages companies to 

dedicate 1% time, 1% product, 1% profit, and/or 1% equity 

to improve the world. Since its launch, thousands of companies 

have joined Pledge 1% to make their communities a key 

stakeholder in their businesses.

10,000+
10,000+  
10,000+

 COMPANIES

100+100+
100+  

 COUNTRIES

$250M+ 
$250M+ 
$250M+

IGNITED IN NEW PHILANTHROPY 
BY MEMBERS WHO SET ASIDE 
EQUITY AND UNDERWENT IPOS  
IN THE LAST 3 YEARS

Join the Pledge 1% movement at pledge1percent.org.

49 | Philanthropy

REPORT DETAILS
REPORT DETAILS

50 | Report Details

that we believe are relevant to our ESG initiatives. 

In 2017, Salesforce signed a letter supporting the 

Over time we will work to expand our disclosures 

recommendations of the Task Force on Climate-

and align more closely to the leading frameworks, 

related Financial Disclosures and has since 

even as the frameworks themselves rapidly evolve.

worked to align to the recommendations. TCFD 

recommends disclosures, as they relate to climate 

change, in four major categories: governance, 

strategy, risk management, and metrics and 

targets. Salesforce continues to align its ESG 

strategy with the TCFD recommendations, included 

as part of our ESG reporting. Disclosures in 

alignment with TCFD are available throughout this 

report and Salesforce’s FY20 form 10-K. A detailed 

discussion of the recommendations is available as 

part of Salesforce’s 2019 Carbon Disclosure Project 

(CDP) Climate Change response.

In FY20, Salesforce joined the United Nations 

Global Compact and will continue to incorporate 

the Ten Principles of the UNGC into company 

strategy, policies, and procedures. Each of the Ten 

Principles is reflected in this section of the report.

We are supportive of the SASB and its mission 

to help businesses identify, manage, and report 

on the sustainability topics that matter most to 

their investors by providing market-informed and 

industry-specific standards. We believe this will 

allow for increased transparency and comparability 

across companies. Although the SASB standards 

are designed for disclosure in financial filings to 

the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), 

they have not yet been formally adopted for such 

use. The investor community welcomes such 

disclosures, and as such, we have included a table 

in this section as part of our sustainability reporting 

as well as links to our policies that contain more 

information on our ESG initiatives. We have also 

included a summary of our ESG initiatives in our 

annual report on Form 10-K for fiscal 2020 filed 

with the SEC on March 5, 2020.

ESG METRICS AND 
DESCRIPTORS

We enhance the trust of our stakeholders by 

transparently disclosing our environmental, social, 

and governance (ESG) policies and metrics. Our 

voluntary reporting is informed by the following 

frameworks:

•  The Task Force on Climate-related Financial 

Disclosures (TCFD) 

  •  The Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) GRI 

Standards

  •  The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board 

(SASB) Sustainability Accounting Standard for 

the Technology and Communications Sector, 

Software & IT Services industry (Version 2018-10) 

  •  The Ten Principles of the United Nations 

Global Compact (UNGC) 

Each of these frameworks recommends disclosing 

policies and material metrics related to ESG topics. 

However, the concept of materiality is defined 

differently under these reporting frameworks, 

and we do not attempt to formally reconcile the 

divergent uses of the term materiality by the GRI, 

SASB, and TCFD. At Salesforce, the key metrics we 

disclose are cross-referenced to these frameworks, 

when applicable. We also disclose metrics that are 

not explicitly mentioned by these frameworks but 

51 | Report Details

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

COMPANY OVERVIEW

Organization name

Total revenue (in millions)1

Geographic revenue split:

    Americas

    Europe

    Asia Pacific

Primary brands, products, services

Location of headquarters

Countries of operations

Ownership and legal form

Markets served

Association memberships

Key stakeholders

Reporting period

Report cycle

Report contact

salesforce.com, inc

GRI 102-1

$17,098

$13,282

$10,540

GRI 102-7, 201-1

71%

20%

9%

71%

19%

10%

72%

18%

10%

Product List

San Francisco

Global Locations

Salesforce Form 10-K

Salesforce Form 10-K

U.S. Political Engagement

Shareholders, customers, partners, employees, communities,  

the environment

February 1, 2019–January 31, 2020

Annual

CRImpact@salesforce.com

GRI 102-7

GRI 102-2

GRI 102-3

GRI 102-4

GRI 102-5

GRI 102-6

GRI 102-13

GRI 102-40

GRI 102-50

GRI 102-52

GRI 102-53

1  Prior period information has been adjusted for the adoption of Accounting Standards Update No. 2014-09, “Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606,)" which the Company adopted on February 1, 2018.

52 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

GOVERNANCE

Governance Structure

Governance structure

Audit Committee Practices

Board Compensation Practices

Board Nominating Practices

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

Corporate Governance Guidelines

Audit and Finance Committee Charter

GRI 102-18

GRI 102-18

Compensation Committee Charter

GRI 102-35, 102-36

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Charter

Total Executive and Non-Executive Board Members

11

13

Board Average Tenure

Independent Board Members

Board Gender and Ethnic Diversity

Nominating and Governance Committee periodically reviews the  

Company’s environmental, social, and governance initiatives

Board committee dedicated to privacy and ethical use of technology

10.5 years

9 years

82%

36%

Yes

Yes

77%

38%

Yes

Yes

Board Remuneration Disclosure

Salesforce FY20 Proxy Statement

CEO compensation linked to total shareholder return (TSR)

Yes

Yes

Code of Conduct

Code of Conduct

12

8 years

83%

42%

No

No

Yes

% of employees who read and acknowledged the Code of Conduct

100%2

100%

100%

2  As of January 31, 2020.

53 | Report Details

GRI 102-24

GRI 102-22

GRI 102-22

GRI 102-22

GRI 102-22, 405-1

GRI 102-29

GRI 102-35

GRI 102-36

GRI 102-16

GRI 102-16

Principle 10

Principle 10

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

GOVERNANCE, CONTINUED

Trust and Security

System performance and security

Commitment to customer privacy

trust.salesforce.com

Privacy Policies

Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with 

their own customers. The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect 

is a top priority. Our customer agreements (templates of which are publicly 

GRI 418-1

TC-SI-220a.1

Principle 1

Policies & practices related to user privacy

available on our website) and our privacy policies (also publicly available on 

TC-SI-220a.1

our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and 

security program. We also offer resources to help our customers operate 

globally in compliance with privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA.

Compliance Certifications and Attestations

Compliance website

Description of business continuity risks related to disruption of operations

is set up to assess, approve, and guide our business in understanding and 

TC-SI-550a.2

Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center 

hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, and other hardware and 

software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service 

interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery 

of our services and harm our business. We have key business practices that help 

us mitigate risk from malicious actors and external forces. Our trust department 

Public Policy

Public policy practices

Political engagement

54 | Report Details 

remedying technology vulnerability that arise from any new technology vendor, 

data transfer, and/or business process. Our government affairs team is engaged 

at the local, state, and country levels to lobby for policies that are aligned to our 

values and business continuity. For a discussion of business continuity risks and 

our management approach, please see the Risk Factors section of the FY20 

Salesforce Form 10-K.

Public Policy

Political Contributions

GRI 415-1

GRI 415-1

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

SOCIAL

Workforce Indicators

Global Employees

    Americas

    Europe

    Asia Pacific

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

GRI 102-7

49,000

65.4%

18.9%

15.7%

35,000

66.2%

18.9%

14.9%

29,000

68.6%

18.3%

13.1%

With a highly distributed workforce in over 28 countries, we are 

able to deliver the highest levels of performance, availability, and 

security. Leveraging our own technology and other tools, we can 

coordinate, collaborate, and create effectively across borders. We 

recognize the diversity in our global workforce, and ensure we 

create a strong corporate culture based on our core values: trust, 

customer success, innovation, and equality. We operationalize these 

values through specific measurable actions around accountability, 

Description of systems for managing workforce and risk prevention

alignment, transparency, integrity, and experience. Our employee 

TC-SI-330a.1

code of conduct, goal planning process, employee surveys, town halls, 

workforce analytics initiatives, and more allow us to manage and 

measure our culture and workforce, at scale, while developing local 

talent pools and reducing risks related to visa controls, relocations, 

and other business factors that we would face with a workforce tied 

to a single country or region. Our government affairs teams are also 

engaged at the local, state, and country levels to lobby for policies 

that are aligned to our values and business continuity.

55 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

SOCIAL, CONTINUED

Diversity Indicators

Commitment to Equality

Equality Practices

Principle 1, 6

Target for Underrepresented Group representation for U.S. workforce  

(Women, Black, Latinx, Indigenous, Multiracial, LGBTQ+, People with  

Yes

Disabilities, and Veterans) established

    Target

    Target year

    Progress3

Employees by Gender

    Female

    Male

    Non-binary

Employees by Gender (VP+)

    Female

    Male

    Non-binary

Employees by Gender (Tech)

    Female

    Male

    Non-binary

50%

FY24

43.9%

33.0%

66.8%

0.2%

23.7%

76.1%

0.2%

23.5%

76.3%

0.2%

31.6%

68.2%

0.2%

22.3%

77.5%

0.2%

22.0%

77.7%

0.3%

30.9%

68.7%

0.4%

20.9%

78.9%

0.2%

21.4%

78.4%

0.2%

GRI 102-8

TC-SI-330a.3

TC-SI-330a.3

TC-SI-330a.3

3  This goal was established in FY20, therefore FY20 is the first year we are reporting our progress toward this goal.

56 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

SOCIAL, CONTINUED

Diversity Indicators

Employees by Gender (Non-tech)

    Female

    Male

    Non-binary

Employees by Ethnicity (U.S.-Only)

    White

    Asian & Indian

    Hispanic or Latinx

    Black

    Two or more races

    Undisclosed

    Hawaiian/Pacific Islander

    American Indian/Alaska Native

Equal Pay

Completed thorough global equal-pay assessment4

% of employees globally requiring pay adjustments

% of employees covered by an independent trade union  

or collective bargaining agreements

40.5%

59.2%

0.3%

61.6%

25.6%

4.3%

3.0%

2.8%

2.2%

0.3%

0.2%

Yes

7%

0%

39.4%

60.4%

0.2%

63.0%

25.1%

4.2%

2.8%

2.7%

1.7%

0.3%

0.2%

Yes

5%

0%

38.9%

60.5%

0.6%

64.7%

23.9%

3.9%

2.5%

2.6%

2.0%

0.3%

0.1%

Yes

6%

0%

TC-SI-330a.3

GRI 405-1

TC-SI-330a.3

GRI 405-2

GRI 102-41

4  To conduct the assessment, we group employees in comparable roles and analyze compensation of those groups to determine whether there are unexplained differences in pay. The global assessment considers differences in pay by gender.  

In the U.S., the assessment also considered differences in pay by race and ethnicity.

57 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

SOCIAL, CONTINUED

Talent Development

Programs for upgrading employee skills

At Salesforce, we offer our employees learning and development 

opportunities in the form of Trailhead, in-person and virtual classes, 

guides and workbooks, and more. Salesforce's Talent Development 

team also creates and facilitates customized, long-term development 

programs for employees and people leaders in service of building 

high-impact teams. In addition, we offer a yearly education 

reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job-related 

education from accredited institutions or organizations.

GRI 404-2

Principle 6

Employees appraised via management by objectives5

100%

100%

100%

GRI 404-3

Organizational alignment and consistent and clear communication are 

a key part of our employee engagement, especially as our company 

continues to grow. When Salesforce was founded, we developed an 

internal management tool used by all employees on an annual basis 

called the V2MOM (Vision, Values, Methods, Obstacles, and Measures). 

 Description of organizational alignment strategy

Each year we complete a corporate V2MOM and then all employees 

TC-SI-330a.2

Open positions filled by internal candidates

Employee engagement6

Employee satisfaction7

are expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the 

corporate V2MOM. In addition, by using the Salesforce Platform, every 

individual employee V2MOM is available and searchable for the entire 

company. Learn more about the V2MOM and how to apply it to your 
own company or project.

28%

95%

89%

22%

96%

90%

20%

96%

88%

TC-SI-330a.2

5  The appraisal metric is defined as the percentage of employees who participate in our V2MOM organizational alignment process.
6  The engagement metric is based on ratings from an annual employee survey for the statement “I am willing to give extra to get the job done.” 
7  The satisfaction metric is based on ratings from an annual employee survey for the statement “I would recommend Salesforce as a great place to work.”

58 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

SOCIAL, CONTINUED

Community Engagement

Community engagement

Ventures Investment

Employee volunteering hours8

    Year to date

Salesforce.org

Impact Investment Fund

4,900,000

3,800,000

2,600,000

1,100,000

Donations to charitable organizations  (in partnership with Salesforce.org)8

$330,000,000

$260,000,000

$200,000,000

    Year to date

$70,000,000

Nonprofit & higher education organizations offered services for free or at a discount  
(in partnership with Salesforce.org)8

46,000

40,000

34,000

    Year to date

Human Rights

Human rights commitment

Commitment to responsible sourcing

Commitment to supplier diversity

Supplier code of conduct

Health and safety policy

Ethical Use of Technology

6,000

salesforce.com/company/human-rights/

salesforce.com/company/legal/supplier/

Supplier Diversity Policy

Global Supplier Code of Conduct

Health & Safety Policy

GRI 412-1

GRI 103-3

GRI 414-1

GRI 414-1

GRI 403-1

Principle 1, 4, 5, 6

Principle 4, 5, 6

Principle 6

Principle 1, 3, 4, 5, 6

Principle 6

Strategy for ethical use of technology

salesforce.com/company/ethical-and-humane-use/

GRI 102-16

Principle 1, 2

8  Lifetime to date as of January 31, 2020.

59 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

ENVIRONMENTAL9

Strategy and Management

Environmental policy

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

salesforce.com/global-environmental-policy

Environmental benefits of Salesforce products

Salesforce Form 10-K

Renewable energy goal established

Net-zero emissions goal achieved

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Yes

Frequency and time horizon for identifying, and assessing climate-related risks

Every six months or more frequently

Risk types evaluated

Current regulation, emerging regulation, technology, legal, market,  

reputation, acute physical, chronic physical, upstream, downstream

Process(es) for managing climate-related risks and opportunities

Reporting Scope and Methodology

Climate change risks and opportunities

Salesforce Form 10-K

Description of identified risks and opportunities

Reporting Scope and Methodology

GRI 302-4

GRI 305-5

GRI 201-2

GRI 102-15

GRI 201-2

GRI 201-2

GRI 102-15

GRI 201-2

GRI 201-2

Principle 7

Principle 8, 9

Principle 8, 9

Principle 8, 9

Principle 7

Principle 7

Principle 7

Principle 7

Principle 7

Principle 7

Principle 7

Explanation of how climate-related issues are integrated into your business  

objectives and strategy

Climate-related scenario analysis

Discussion of the integration of environmental considerations into strategic  

planning for data center needs

Emissions reductions initiatives

Salesforce Form 10-K

Performed informal 2-degree scenario analysis and national input

salesforce.com/company/sustainability/operations/

TC-SI-130a.3

Principle 8

salesforce.com/sustainability

GRI 305-5

GRI 308-1

Principle 8

Principle 8

Engagement with supply chain on climate related issues

Yes

9  The recommendations of the Taskforce on Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) have informed the contents of this section. For a more detailed discussion, please see Salesforce's 2019 CDP Climate response.

60 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

ENVIRONMENTAL, CONTINUED

Science-Based Targets10

Scope 1+2 Emissions Reduction

    Target Type

    Base Year

    Target Year

    Target

    Curent

Scope 3 - Fuel & Energy Related Activities Reduction

    Target Type

    Base Year

    Target Year

    Curent

Scope 3 - Upstream Suppliers Set Science-Based Target

    Target Type

    Target Year

    Coverage

    Current

Absolute Reduction

FY19

FY31

50% Absolute Reduction

13% Absolute Reduction Achieved11

Absolute Reduction

FY19

FY31

FY21 will be the first reporting year

Upstream suppliers set their own Science-Based targets

FY25

Suppliers representing 60% of Salesforce's upstream Scope 3 emissions

15% of targeted Scope 3 emissions are covered by suppliers with Science-Based targets12

10  The following targets were set and approved by the Science-Based Targets Initiative in FY20. Therefore, FY20 is the first year we are reporting our progress against these targets, unless otherwise noted. 
11  13% reduction compared to FY19 Scope 1+2 market-based emissions.
12  15% is estimated based on FY19 Scope 3 data. Targeted Scope 3 emissions represent 60% of Salesforce's total Scope 3 emissions.

61 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

ENVIRONMENTAL, CONTINUED

Water

Total water withdrawn (Million gallons)13, 14

    In regions with Extremely High baseline water stress

    In regions with High baseline water stress

    In regions with Medium-High baseline water stress

    In regions with Medium-Low baseline water stress

    In regions with Low baseline water stress

Sustainable Built Environment

16415

23%

4%

15%

5%

53%

195

GRI 303-3

TC-SI-130a.2

Percentage of space achieved or pursuing green building certification

74%

65%

64%

Net Zero Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Carbon Neutral Cloud

Scope 1 and 2 Market-Based Emissions

Percentage Offset

Scope 3 Carbon Neutral Cloud-Related Emissions17

Percentage Offset

Platform Performance

Average power usage effectiveness (PUE)

Average carbon usage effectiveness (CUE)

141,000 16

100%

142,000

100%

1.39

0.61

163,000

100%

181,000

100%

1.40

0.61

146,000

100%

236,000

100%

1.41

0.63

GRI 305-1, 305-2

GRI 305-3

GRI 305-3

GRI 305-3

GRI 302-3

TC-SI-130a.1

GRI-305-4

13  FY19 was the first year we published water withdrawal data externally; therefore we do not publish FY18 data. FY20 was the first year we reported water withdrawal disaggregated by baseline water stress. Therefore, we do not report this disaggregation for FY19.
14  Regional baseline water stress calculated via WRI's Aqueduct Water Risk Atlas v3.0. 
15 In FY20, water consumption declined due to a combination of factors including a move to more efficient sites across our portfolio (Offices and Data Centers).
16  In FY20 Salesforce's renewable electricity consumption increased, resulting in a decrease of gross global emissions.
17  For a detailed inventory of categories included in our carbon neutral cloud calculation, please refer to pages 67–70 for Ernst & Young LLP's Independent Accountants’ Review Report.
 Reviewed by Ernst & Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67–70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

62 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

ENVIRONMENTAL, CONTINUED

Greenhouse Gas Emissions

Emissions by Scope [MTCO2e]

Scope 1 Emissions

Scope 2 Emissions18

Business Travel and Employee Commuting Scope 3 emissions

Emissions by Source [MTCO2e]

Data Centers18

Business Travel19

Offices18

Employee Commuting20

18  Calculated using location-based methodology.
19 Includes Scope 1 emissions from company aircraft.
20  Includes Scope 1 emissions from company shuttle.
 Reviewed by Ernst & Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67–70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

6,000

291,000

180,000

264,000

146,000

28,000

38,000

5,000

281,000

156,000

244,000

132,000

38,000

28,000

4,000

236,000

134,000

201,000

112,000

35,000

26,000

GRI 305-1

GRI 305-2

GRI 305-3

GRI 305-2

GRI 305-3

GRI 305-1, 305-2

GRI 305-3

63 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

ENVIRONMENTAL, CONTINUED

Energy

100% Renewable Energy Target Set

    Target Year

    Progress21

Yes

FY22

63%

Yes

FY22

55%

Yes

FY22

50%

GRI 302-4

Total electricity consumption [MWh]

659,000

628,000

514,000

GRI 302-1

TC-SI-130a.1

    Office electricity

    Data center electricity

Electricity Mix Location-Based Methodology (all facilities)

Clean and renewable

Hydro

Nuclear

Natural gas

Coal

Other Fossil Fuels

10%

90%

9%

5%

23%

32%

28%

3%

12%

88%

10%

5%

22%

32%

28%

3%

13%

87%

10%

6%

21%

32%

29%

2%

21  Calculated using a market-based methodology 
 Reviewed by Ernst & Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67–70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

GRI 302-1, 305-2

GRI 302-2

TC-SI-130a.1

64 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

Description

FY20

FY19

FY18

GRI

SASB

UNGC

ENVIRONMENTAL, CONTINUED

Energy, continued

Electricity Mix Location-Based Methodology (data centers)

Clean and renewable

Hydro

Nuclear

Natural Gas

Coal

Other Fossil Fuels

Electricity Mix Market-Based Methodology (all facilities)

Utility renewable energy tariffs

Supplier-provided renewable energy

Indirect large offsite purchases

Grid-mix renewable energy content

Grid-mix remainder

9%

4%

24%

32%

29%

2%

2%

23%

36%

2%

37%

9%

4%

24%

32%

28%

3%

3%

13%

37%

2%

45%

13%21

–21

22%

32%

29%

4%

6%

0%

40%

4%

50%

21 In FY18, Hydro was included in our clean and renewable percentage. Since FY19, we have separated it out for a more detailed breakdown.

65 | Report Details 

ESG METRICS AND DESCRIPTORS

ENVIRONMENTAL, CONTINUED

By City FY2022

Electricity Use (kWh)

Location-Based Emissions (MTCO2e) Market-Based Emissions (MTCO2e)23

GRI

GRI 305-2

Chandler, AZ

Chicago, IL

Ashburn, VA

Dallas, TX

Sterling, VA

Frankfurt, Germany

San Francisco, CA

Yokohamashi, Japan

Indianapolis, IN

Kobe, Japan

Atlanta, GA

Pantin, France

Paris, France

London, United Kingdom

Manassas, VA

138,319,000

77,866,000

66,834,000

64,144,000

45,869,000

38,555,000

25,570,000

23,583,000

22,282,000

20,948,000

19,523,000

14,837,000

14,122,000

9,702,000

9,545,000

66,000

45,000

25,000

30,000

17,000

16,000

7,000

13,000

13,000

11,000

10,000

2,000

2,000

3,000

4,000

2,000

28,000

0

0

0

29,00024

025

13,000

13,000

11,000

10,000

1,000

1,000

1,000

0

22  Locations included in data table represent over 90% of Salesforce's Scope 1 & 2 location-based emissions. 
23  Market-based emissions are reduced using renewable energy credits (RECs) generated by renewable energy projects procured through vitual power purchase agreements or data center vendor's renewable energy procurement or a combination of both.
24  Market-based emissions are higher since a residual emission factor is used for emission calculations.
25 Market-based emissions are further reduced here through sourcing renewable energy directly through the utility provider for all the San Francisco towers.

66 | Report Details 

INDEPENDENT 
ACCOUNTANTS’  
REVIEW REPORT

To the Board of Directors and the Management of 

Review Engagements. Those standards require 

that we plan and perform our review to obtain 

limited assurance about whether any material 

modifications should be made to the Subject 

Matter in order for it to be in accordance with the 

Criteria. A review consists principally of applying 

In performing our review, we have also complied 

with the independence and other ethical 

requirements set forth in the Code of Professional 

Conduct and applied the Statements on Quality 

Control Standards established by the AICPA.

As described in the Schedule, the Subject 

Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties 

resulting from limitations inherent in the nature 

and the methods used for determining such 

data. The selection of different but acceptable 

measurement techniques can result in materially 

different measurements. The precision of different 

measurement techniques may also vary.

analytical procedures, making inquiries of persons 

Based on our review, we are not aware of any 

responsible for the subject matter, obtaining an 

material modifications that should be made to the 

understanding of the data management systems 

Schedule of Select Sustainability Metrics for the 

and processes used to generate, aggregate and 

year ended January 31, 2020, in order for it to be 

report the Subject Matter and performing such 

in accordance with the Criteria.

other procedures as we considered necessary in 

the circumstances. A review is substantially less in 

scope than an examination, the objective of which 

is to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 

the Subject Matter is in accordance with the 

Criteria, in all material respects, in order to express 

an opinion. Accordingly, we do not express such an 

opinion. A review also does not provide assurance 

that we became aware of all significant matters 

that would be disclosed in an examination. We 

believe that our review provides a reasonable basis 

for our conclusion.

March 4, 2020 

San Francisco, California

salesforce.com, inc.

We have reviewed salesforce.com, inc.’s 

(“Salesforce”) accompanying Schedule of Select 

Sustainability Metrics (the “Subject Matter” or 

“Schedule”) and as presented in Salesforce’s 

Stakeholder Impact Report (the "Report") for 

the year ended January 31, 2020 in accordance 

with the criteria set forth in the Schedule (the 

“Criteria”). We did not review all information 

included in the Report. We did not review the 

narrative sections of the Report, except where 

they incorporated the Subject Matter. Salesforce’s 

management is responsible for the Subject Matter 

included in the Schedule and as also presented in 

the Report, in accordance with the Criteria. Our 

responsibility is to express a conclusion on the 

Subject Matter based on our review.

Our review was conducted in accordance with the 

attestation standards established by the American 

Institute of Certified Public Accountants (AICPA) 

in AT-C section 105, Concepts Common to All 

Attestation Engagements, and AT-C section 210, 

67 | Report Details 

SCHEDULE OF SELECT SUSTAINABILITY METRICS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR1 ENDED JANUARY 31, 2020

Metrics2

Reported Value

Unit

Criteria

Greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions – Scope 13

GHG emissions – Scope 2, Location-based method (“LBM”)4,5 

GHG emissions – Scope 2, Market-based method (“MBM”)4,5

GHG emissions – Scope 3, for the following:
   • Non-use phase life cycle emissions of IT equipment in data centers6,7
   • Managed hosting8
   • Energy production and transportation
   • Emissions associated with end user device operation9
   • Transport of Data Center maintenance engineers

6,000

291,000

135,000

Metric tonnes carbon dioxide 
equivalent (“mt CO2e”)

World Resources Institute (“WRI”) / World Business Council for Sustainable  
Development’s (“WBCSD”) The Greenhouse Gas Protocol: A Corporate Accounting  
and Reporting Standard (GHG Protocol)

mt CO2e

mt CO2e

WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance

WRI WBCSD GHG Protocol Scope 2 Guidance

142,000

mt CO2e

CarbonNeutral Protocol, CarbonNeutral Entity Certification – Data Centers10

Information and Communication Technology (“ICT”) Sector Guidance ‘Built on  
the GHG Protocol’ Product Life Cycle Accounting and Reporting Standard11,  
specifically Chapter 4: Guide for assessing GHG emissions of Cloud Computing  
and Data Center Services

1 The Company’s fiscal year ends on January 31. References to fiscal 2020, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2020.

2  The geographical scope of the Subject Matter within the schedule includes Salesforce’s global facilities (offices and data centers) under its operational control. Assets that fall under Salesforce’s operational control during the fiscal year being reported as a result of an acquisition are 
included in the boundary of the carbon footprint in the fiscal year following their acquisition. Where possible, based on Salesforce’s reporting timeline and requirements, Salesforce uses the most up to date emission factors available at the time of their carbon footprint calculation.

3 Scope 1 emissions capture owned office energy consumption and fugitive emissions, emissions from use of private jet, and emissions from use of the company shuttle.

4 Scope 2 emissions capture owned (electricity only) and leased (all energy sources) office and data center energy consumption and fugitive emissions.

5  For office facilities where actual data cannot be obtained, including facilities that are new to the Salesforce Portfolio in fiscal year 2020, energy use for electricity, steam, diesel, fuel oil, natural gas and refrigerants are extrapolated using Salesforce’s square footage data and energy 
intensity and regional energy intensity factors internally developed based on fiscal year 2019 data. For office facilities in the Northeast, Midwest, and Western U.S. where an internally developed intensity factor is not available, and no other heating source is identified, natural gas 
energy use is extrapolated using intensity factors supplied by the 2012 Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey (“CBECS”) report from the U.S. Energy Information Administration (“EIA”). For data centers where actual electricity consumption cannot be obtained, data 
center electricity is estimated at the contractual maximum amount of electricity for the site. For data center facilities where actual data cannot be obtained, including facilities that are new to the Salesforce Portfolio in fiscal year 2020, emissions for consumption of diesel and 
refrigerants are estimated using internally developed intensity factors.

6 Salesforce recognizes the entire embodied emissions of IT equipment in the first year of possession.

7  For servers, actual data and vendor-provided life cycle assessment (“LCA”) non-use phase emission factors are used to calculate embodied emissions. For non-server IT equipment electricity consumption and a non-use phase life cycle ratio percentage is used to estimate the 

embodied emissions.

8 Emissions from managed hosting are estimated based on Salesforce’s fiscal year expenditure for hosting services using an environmentally extended input output (“EEIO”) model per the ICT Sector Guidance.

9  Salesforce product use emissions are calculated based on the assumption that users are utilizing Salesforce products on a laptop computer. As such, battery watts per hour and battery life data is based on publicly-available information for a laptop which Salesforce deems as a 

reputable proxy for laptop power usage. 

 10  CarbonNeutral Protocol https://www.carbonneutral.com/the-protocol. 
 11  ICT Sector Guidance ‘Built on the GHG Protocol’ Product Life Cycle Accounting and Reporting Standard developed by the Global e-Sustainability Initiative (“GeSI”) in collaboration with the WRI, WBCSD, and the Carbon Trust http://www.ghgprotocol.org/sites/default/files/

ghgp/GHGP-ICTSG%20-%20ALL%20Chapters.pdf

68 | Report Details 

SCHEDULE OF SELECT SUSTAINABILITY METRICS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR1 ENDED JANUARY 31, 2020

Metrics

Reported Value

Unit

Criteria

Percentage of total global electricity procured from renewable resources 

63

%

Salesforce calculates renewable energy as the amount of renewable energy in the grids 
Salesforce uses and the amount of renewable energy sourced through contractual 
instruments12. Salesforce divides this number by the total energy usage at its global 
facilities, which includes offices and data centers under its operational control to calculate 
renewable energy percentage.
Renewable energy resources are defined in accordance with RE10013. Following the 
hierarchy laid out in the GHG Protocol’s Scope 2 guidance for market-based emissions, 
emissions factors and their associated renewable energy content are applied to electricity 
use for each facility. Total electricity consumed is calculated based on total kilowatt hours 
of electricity consumed.

12 Renewable energy can be sourced through contractual instruments including virtual power purchase agreements (“VPPAs”), green tariffs, and supplier contracts which meet the Quality Criteria as outlined within the GHG Protocol.

13 Renewable energy resources are defined in accordance with RE100, excluding electricity produced from water.

69 | Report Details 

SCHEDULE OF SELECT SUSTAINABILITY METRICS FOR THE FISCAL YEAR1 ENDED JANUARY 31, 2020

Adjusted “Net Zero” GHG Emissions
For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020
(mtCO2e)

Scope 1 GHG Emissions 

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (MBM) 

   Total 

Less: Carbon Credits 

6,000

135,000

141,000

(141,000)

0

Adjusted “Carbon Neutral Cloud”
For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2020
(mtCO2e)

Scope 1 GHG Emissions 

Scope 2 GHG Emissions (MBM) 
Scope 3 GHG Emissions14 
   Total 
Less: Carbon Credits applied to Scope 1 and Scope 215 
Less: Carbon Credits applied to Scope 3 

6,000

135,000

142,000

283,000
(141,000)

(142,000)
0

Salesforce’s Net Zero GHG Emissions is calculated by totaling Scope 1 and Scope 2 (MBM) GHG emissions, 

Salesforce’s Carbon Neutral Cloud is calculated by totaling Scope 1, Scope 2 (MBM) and Scope 3 GHG 

per the criteria described above, less Carbon Credits purchased. Carbon Credits are certified under the 

emissions, per the criteria described above, less Carbon Credits purchased.

Gold Standard or Verified Carbon Standard (“VCS”). All Carbon Credits are retired on a public registry at the 

amount equal to Salesforce’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 (MBM) GHG emissions.

Carbon Credits are certified under the Gold Standard or VCS. All Carbon Credits are retired on a public 

registry at the amount equal to Salesforce’s Scope 1, Scope 2 (MBM), and select Scope 3 GHG emissions. 

Salesforce defines its boundary and calculates emissions for its Carbon Neutral Cloud based on the 

CarbonNeutral Protocol, CarbonNeutral Entity Certification – Data Centers.

Salesforce has also followed the guidance on boundary and emissions sources set forth by the ICT Sector 

Guidance built on the GHG Protocol Product Life Cycle Accounting and Reporting Standard, specifically 

Chapter 4: Guide for assessing GHG emissions of Cloud Computing and Data Center Services.

Non-financial information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in 

the nature and the methods used for determining such data. The selection of different but acceptable 

measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements. The precision of different 

measurement techniques may also vary.

14 Limited to Scope 3 GHG emissions identified in the table above.

15 Because of Salesforce’s Net Zero GHG Emissions commitment they have offset additional sources of Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions beyond the scope of the Carbon Neutral Cloud boundary defined in the CarbonNeutral Protocol.

70 | Report Details 

 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This report contains forward looking statements, the achievement or success of which involves risks, uncertainties, and assumptions.

If any such risks or uncertainties materialize or if any of the assumptions proves incorrect, the results of salesforce.com, inc. could differ materially from the results expressed or implied by the forward looking statements we make.

Securities and Exchange Commission from time to time.

Information section of the company’s website at www.salesforce.com investor.

Salesforce.com, inc. assumes no obligation and does not intend to update these forward looking statements, except as required by law.

As the world continues to deal with the unprecedented effects of the coronavirus, we hope you and your families are staying healthy and safe.

This virus impacts everyone, reminding us that we are all connected like never before and that we have obligations to each other.

Business Grants will provide 10,000 in capital to on Salesforce that is integrated with its hospital help keep businesses afloat as they work to replenish information system. materials, pay salaries, or adapt their business model to overcome these challenging times.

We’re also helping governments and NGOs respond to the pandemic.

Cloud to help citizens find essential needs and help our customers succeed.

Salesforce is helping them sell, service, market, from the World Health Organization and other conduct commerce, and collaborate from organizations, and which already has more than home.

Today, we’re unleashing the full power of our company and leveraging our products, resources, and relationships to help all of our stakeholders navigate this crisis.

Italian Red Cross, the Madrid Food Bank, the French Red Cross, and the New York COVID 19 Emergency Fund.

As always, we’re matching employee donations to eligible organizations, and our employees are customers, and partners during these uncertain times.

Organizations around the world have been able to quickly and easily deploy these solutions, which we made available for free for 90 days.

Support, organizations can quickly create an AI powered employee help center, customer service, and contact center application.

Salesforce Care for Health solution that provides free access to technology for emergency response and healthcare management teams.

Our efforts addressing the challenges of COVID 19 embody our belief that business is the greatest platform for change.

We continue to stand up for the rights of our LGBTQ employees and we're constantly reviewing our pay practices to ensure our employees men and women receive equal pay for equal work.

We’ve also committed to having half our U.S. workforce come from underrepresented groups by 2023.

Fourth Industrial Revolution with resume worthy skills for the digital economy.

Over the past 21 years, we’ve given 330 million in grants to worthy causes, our employees globally have volunteered 5 million hours, and 46,000 nonprofits and NGOs use our software for free.

Salesforce has now donated more than 90 million platform for companies to align on the development and implementation of responsible business practices to build a better world.

We’re committed to making the principles of the UN Global Compact part of Salesforce’s strategy and operations.

We’re also education, eliminate homelessness in our cities, proud that Fortune has named Salesforce one of and now to fight this virus.

Finally, we’re taking action to protect our largest stakeholder our planet.

The COVID 19 pandemic is a powerful reminder neutral cloud to our customers, and we’re that we’re all connected like never before we’re committed to reaching 100% renewable energy one humanity.

Development Goals, from upholding equality for all people to fighting climate change.

At the recover from this crisis stronger and live up to our commitments.

As always, thank you for being our partner as we work together to meet the urgent challenges of our time and create a better world for generations to come.

Thank you, to conserving and restoring 100 million trees, part of the global 1t.org movement to address climate change by protecting and planting 1 trillion trees around the world.

The SEC Reporting team reviews this net zero greenhouse gases claim.

LLP’s Review Report is included on pages 67 70 all other 1934 Securities Exchange Act filings.

This report also contains figures quality data becomes available, we update our fiscal 2020, we refreshed our third party ESG that have been approximated or rounded.

We expect to update the current period presentation.

The assessment process included an evaluation of top business drivers, sustainability impact areas, and industry benchmarking.

Interviews with key stakeholders helped prioritize and validate topics.

While conducting a materiality assessment helped us identify some relevant topics included in this report, it does not influence the extent of our action or programs related to a particular topic.

UNGC, and TCFD, please see the data table on page 51.

We measure success by ensuring that our sustainability efforts are integrated into decision making processes and business operations in a transparent way.

TCFD and have since worked to align to the recommendations, including conducting a climate related scenario analysis.

We assess climate related risk at least every six months.

Salesforce Risk Management team on an annual basis to evaluate climate related transition and physical risks on a time horizon of up to five years, in alignment with our companywide process.

Based on Salesforce’s enterprise risk management (ERM) methodology and current business model, the transition and physical risks have all been deemed as very low risks.

Despite this, we have a specific climate change risk management process related to data center and office site selection that occurs each time we open a new facility, which can occur more often than every six months.

In addition, we have practices in place to reduce our GHG emissions, mitigating most of the other identified risks.

We plan to revisit these transitions and physical risks annually as the business, geopolitical, and social contexts continue to evolve in order to ensure no significant changes have occurred.

We welcome feedback on our initiatives and this report.

CRImpact salesforce.com or Investor Relations at investor salesforce.com to share your thoughts or connect with us on our Salesforce social channels.

Adopted by 193 countries, the 17 SDGs outline the collective impact against the world’s most pressing challenges, including those related to poverty, inequality, climate change, environmental degradation, peace, and justice.

Simply put, the SDGs represent the world’s to do list for people and the planet by 2030.

Together, these 17 goals are an urgent call for action to combat poverty, mitigate climate change, and secure a more equal and peaceful future.

Using the SDGs, the public, private, and social sectors are already demonstrating that it's possible to work together to create a better world.

We’ve already seen signals of progress: Extreme poverty has declined significantly, immunizations continue to save millions of lives, and the vast majority of the world’s population now has access to electricity.

For example, the past four years have been implementation, and communication of the warmest on record, 1 million plant and animal responsible business practices to build a better species are at risk of extinction, and more than half world.

Salesforce is committed to making the of the world’s children are falling behind in reading principles of the U.N.

While the SDGs provide the right action strategy, culture, and day to day operations.

The content of this publication has not been approved by the United Nations and does not reflect the views of the United Nations or its officials or Member States.

While Salesforce supports all of the SDGs, we have identified six goals that align most to our business.

We use the goals to help frame our strategy as we approach these issues, so that we can leave a positive impact on our communities and the planet.

The Salesforce ecosystem is a powerful force to support all 17 SDGs.

World Economic Forum (WEF), Deloitte, and LinkedIn, announced the launch of UpLink, a digital crowd engagement platform, to accelerate the resolution of the world’s most pressing SDG issues.

UpLink is a global platform for action, to connect the next generation of young changemakers and social entrepreneurs to the WEF networks with the resources, expertise, and experience to enact change.

The first version of the UpLink platform was released in March 2020 and focuses on ocean related global challenges.

Throughout 2020, UpLink will support the creation of additional global communities centered around actions such as reforestation (through 1t.org), circular economies, and food.

Salesforce to drive innovation, grow their careers, customers together in the digital age.

Founded transform their businesses, and give back to the in 1999, Salesforce enables companies of every community.

Companies come to us as their trusted advisor, and together we transform their businesses around the customer.

Salesforce is committed to a set of core values trust, customer success, innovation, and equality for all.

Fortune’s World’s Best Workplaces list, and for nine years in a row, Salesforce has ranked on Forbes’ list of the World’s Most Innovative Companies.

Salesforce Customer 360 is our vision for how we information, please visit www.salesforce.com. help customers with their digital transformations.

It’s an integrated CRM platform that unites marketing, sales, commerce, services, and more to give companies a single source of truth about their customers.

It gives companies a single, shared view of their customers so they can deliver the intelligent, personalized experiences their customers have come to expect from every brand and build lasting, trusted relationships.

Salesforce’s fiscal year is February 1 to January 31.

FY20, FY19, FY18, and FY17 revenues reported under ASC 606.

Complete Salesforce financials are available at investor.salesforce.com.

Our corporate governance practices support our core values of trust, customer success, innovation, and equality.

These practices provide a framework for the proper operation of our company, consistent with our shareholders’ best interests and the requirements of law.

We are committed to a corporate governance structure that promotes long term stockholder value creation by providing a leadership structure and composition of the Board of Directors that is aligned with our strategic direction and providing our stockholders with both the opportunity to provide direct feedback and key substantive rights to ensure accountability.

A majority of our board members are independent of Salesforce and its management.

All members of our key board committees the Audit and Finance.

Committee, the Compensation Committee, and the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent.

We have a clear code of business conduct to which all employees, officers, and directors must adhere.

The charters of our board committees clearly establish their respective roles and responsibilities.

Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee periodically reviews our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) initiatives.

We believe the business of business is to make the world a better place for all of our stakeholders, including shareholders, customers, employees, partners, the planet, and the communities in which we work and live.

We try to integrate social good into everything we do.

All of these goals align with our long term growth strategy and financial and operational priorities.

Salesforce recognizes the importance of the ethical and humane use of technology across the company, and the Office of Humane and Ethical Use regularly engages with stakeholders and experts in furtherance of this commitment.

The Privacy and Ethical Use Committee of our board, composed of independent directors, oversees Salesforce’s privacy matters and meets regularly with Salesforce’s Chief Ethical and Humane Use Officer.

Salesforce and its customers, employees, and everyone in the Salesforce ecosystem.

Salesforce earns the trust of its stakeholders through transparency, security, compliance, privacy, and performance.

We are trusted advisors, and we deliver the most trusted infrastructure in the industry.

Trust.salesforce.com is the Salesforce community’s home for real time information on system availability, performance, security, and compliance.

Having trust as the foundation of our culture is how we maintain our pace of innovation and deep customer and partner relationships at scale.

Customers trust us to make them successful, deliver unwavering security, reliability, performance, and compliance.

As a trusted partner, we strongly encourage customers to follow security best practices and use available tools to strengthen the security of their Salesforce instance.

There is no finish line when it comes to security and protecting our customers’ data.

The protection of our customers’ data is paramount, and Salesforce is committed to helping our customers on their global compliance journey in our role as a trusted advisor.

Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers, and Salesforce’s top priority is the security and privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect.

We have five privacy principles that highlight our commitments and focus on trust: customer control, security, transparency, compliance, and partnership.

Our privacy website includes more information about these principles and additional information and tools to help enable our customers’ success.

Salesforce encourages our employees to play an active civic role in their communities, in their personal capacity, and according to their personal beliefs through voting and educating themselves about upcoming elections.

We are members of the Civic Alliance, a nonpartisan, nonprofit coalition of corporations that have pledged to increase voter turnout.

In addition to encouraging our employees to register to vote and then show up on election day, we bring candidates and experts on ballot issues into our offices so our employees can be informed voters.

We hosted over a dozen civic engagement events in our offices across the U.S. in FY20.

We published modules on civics and citizen engagement in the United States and in the European Union on Trailhead, our online learning platform.

Visit salesforce.com public policy to see details on Salesforce’s public policy activities, financial contributions, and memberships.

Salesforce works with all our business, and to improving the state of the world.

We’re committed to conducting business in accordance with the laws and regulations that apply to us, and we strive to be one of the most ethical companies in the world.

Our Code stakeholders to advocate for public policy that supports our four core values: trust, customer success, innovation, and equality.

Salesforce’s Government Affairs and Public Policy other internal policies describe the way we treat team works with policymakers and elected officials employees and other key stakeholders globally, around the globe on issues that impact our addressing topics such as: stakeholders.

Freedom of association, collective bargaining, and workers’ councils.

Salesforce is nonpartisan in our work, and we support candidates and eligible organizations of any party who share our priorities and align with our core values.

Federal Election Commission and with various state campaign finance commissions.

Salesforce also participates in a variety of industry organizations, coalitions, and trade associations to advance our public policy interests and business goals.

Salesforce’s Washington, D.C., office partnered with the Human Rights Campaign to advocate for the passage of the Equality Act, which would Campaign prohibit discrimination on the basis of sex, sexual orientation, or gender and to help people of every background learn the skills they need in the identity.

The House of Representatives approved the legislation in May 2019 digital economy of the Fourth Industrial Revolution.

This highlighted the process we York City Commission on Gender Equity.

This highlighted the process we announced the Salesforce Trailhead and OpenClassrooms partnership.

Salesforce also partnered with the Marie Claire think tank, whose objective ensure everyone is paid equally for equal work.

We convened political figures in Paris, including Deputy Minister for Gender Equality Marlene Schiappa, and presented the recommendations issued by the think tank during UNESCO’s Call for Equality event.

Khan’s Khan’s Good Work Standard, the benchmark the Mayor wants every employer in London to achieve, including policies that promote fairness and inclusivity in the workplace.

Salesforce signed Germany’s Diversity Charta, the country’s largest corporate initiative for diversity management, which promotes the corporate initiative for diversity management, which promotes the recognition, appreciation, and integration of diversity in business culture.

Salesforce signed the U.K. government’s Armed Forces Covenant in February 2019, in recognition of its work to help veterans, reservists, and February 2019, in recognition of its work to help veterans, reservists, and military spouses prepare for a career in tech.

In Singapore, Salesforce was joined by Minister for Manpower Josephine the armed forces are treated fairly and that inspire others to do the same.

Salesforce Professional Conversion Program, developed in collaboration with Workforce Singapore and SGTech.

Our suppliers are a critical part of the Salesforce ecosystem.

In our supply chain, we work with suppliers who share and support our core values and operate with integrity, respect, and transparency.

We encourage all of our suppliers to go beyond compliance to positively impact local communities, ecosystems, and the environment.

Supplier Code of Conduct, which serves as a guide to ethical supplier conduct.

We pride ourselves on monitoring social and environmental performance in our supplier management process.

In FY20, we started a quarterly education series to upskill all our procurement professionals on next step supplier sustainability and supplier diversity best practice strategies.

We’ve also started collaborating with over 20 key customers who require quarterly supplier diversity reporting on supplier thought leadership and developmental programs.

Our corporate commitments to reach 100% renewable energy and our internal price on carbon encompass our Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

At Salesforce, we are constantly working to incorporate sustainability into all areas of our business, including our supply chain.

We know we’re most effective when we work together.

That’s why we made a commitment that by 2024, suppliers representing 60% of our Scope 3 greenhouse gas emissions will set their own science based targets by 2024.

This target has been approved by the Science Based Targets Initiative.

We believe that partnering with certified small and diverse suppliers is smart business.

We recognize diverse suppliers as businesses that are 51% owned and operated by at least one of the following: minorities as defined by the country where the business was established women veterans service disabled veterans persons who are lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender or persons with a disability.

In FY20, we invested in a new diverse supplier registration process, allowing us to recruit, advise, and engage at a deeper level with suppliers, industry leaders, and nonprofits.

The new process has also enabled us to widen our diverse supplier database to show suppliers in specific geographical areas, revenue bands, and with diverse demographics.

This commitment gives us a greater level of engagement with the suppliers and the supplier diversity certifying organizations.

We are looking forward to continued development and growth from our supplier sustainability and supplier diversity programs.

Disability inclusion is fundamental to our value of equality.

We aspire to become the number one employer for people with disabilities, for the products we sell to be accessible by people with disabilities, and for all persons to have full and equal access to our offices, our meetings, and our events.

Launch a centralized Office of Accessibility, led by a chief accessibility officer, to drive thought leadership across the industry, and accountability and compliance across the company.

Grow representation of people with disabilities throughout the Salesforce ecosystem.

Continue to develop accessible products that allow all individuals to succeed in the Salesforce ecosystem.

Beyond striving to comply with industry standards, we work toward providing effective usability for our customers with disabilities.

Continue to develop our Global Workspace Design Standards to focus on universal and inclusive design beyond compliance to meet the needs of all our employees and guests with disabilities.

Continue to focus on improving our employee and customer experience to enhance the accessibility of our events, our internal tools and technology, and communications to foster an inclusive environment for all.

Learn more about our accessibility efforts and commitments.

Climate change is the greatest challenge humans have ever reduction targets advancing Salesforce’s commitment to creating a sustainable, low carbon future and economy.

From our suppliers and our customers, to our technology and our brand, we are identifying our biggest levers of influence and determining how we can make them change agents in the greatest and most high stakes challenge ever the climate emergency.

Because in this adventure, winning slowly is the same as losing.

We need all leaders from all sectors to create planetary scale impact, and fast.

To read more about our environmental initiatives, visit unprecedented force and frequency.

Global experts agree that salesforce.com sustainability.

To deliver unprecedented, timely environmental action, we need floods, fires, and storms, causing harm to human and other life to achieve new levels of collaboration among businesses, NGOs, and fueling the sixth great extinction.

As U.N. Secretary General governments, and other institutions on a global scale.

Ant nio Guterres said: The time for action is now.

That’s why Salesforce work hand in hand with the private sector and civil society.

Salesforce, we recognize swift action is imperative to address including: climate change and know we can’t do it alone.

Collaboration with other corporations, the public sector, and NGOs is a key step in driving positive change.

Renewable Energy Buyers Alliance civil society, and U.N. leaders, committed to set 1.5 C science based emissions reduction targets, the ambitious goal needed to prevent the damaging effects of climate change.

Since its founding, Salesforce has harnessed the company’s culture of innovation to drive positive social impact through serving the interests of all its stakeholders including the environment.

Salesforce’s vision is for customers to use the entire Customer 360 Platform for environmental good.

Salesforce Sustainability Cloud is a prebuilt solution that empowers businesses to quickly track, analyze, and report reliable environmental data to help them reduce their carbon emissions.

Analytics, which creates dynamic reports and dashboards both for audit purposes and for executive engagement with insights that empower businesses to drive climate action programs at scale.

Salesforce uses the platform to manage our own environmental footprint and deliver high quality data to our own stakeholders.

For the past three years, we have obtained limited third party assurance for a number of our key environmental metrics and included these metrics in our financial filings.

In January 2020, the World Economic Forum and partners, including Salesforce, launched 1t.org to connect, empower, and mobilize a global reforestation community of millions, unleashing their potential to act at an unprecedented scale and speed.

This could result in up to 12 gigatonnes (Gt) of CO2 being sequestered from the atmosphere each year, with the same trees possibly storing up to 205 Gt of CO2 once mature.

That’s two thirds of all the CO2 humans have emitted since the Industrial Revolution.

Carbon sequestration is one important step in addressing climate change, but we know we must also quickly drive down emissions to create a viable 1.5 C future.

Salesforce has set a goal to support and mobilize the conservation and restoration of 100 million trees by 2030.

Work to overcome the many socioeconomic barriers that hold reforestation back by catalyzing top down system change such as policy change, incentives, market creation, and access to funding and technology.

Raise the level of ambition and spending from business, governments, and philanthropists, and provide guidance to turn that ambition into action.

Encourage and enable millions more grassroots reforestation champions by providing a digital platform, UpLink, to connect them with the opportunities, tools, and resources they need to thrive.

As a founding supporter of 1t.org and development partner of UpLink, Salesforce is excited to help 1t.org achieve this monumental goal.

Decreasing GHG Emissions Broadly unprecedented pace and scale, more than any single country, company, or group of companies can do alone.

This transition is achievable, but it will require collaboration, as well as regulatory changes and technological advances.

Every individual, institution, government, community, and corporation has an essential role to play in reaching a 1.5 C future.

It’s not enough for Salesforce, or any other company, to only think about its own footprint.

Only through catalyzing global systemic change can we hope to reach a 1.5 C future.

One of our most powerful tools to drive change at the pace and scale the planet needs is our voice and our influence.

Our first and biggest priority is to advocate for clear and consistent government policies that drive the full decarbonization of every part of the economy, in alignment with a 1.5 C pathway.

With this in mind, CEO Marc Benioff joined 70 CEOs in signing a letter that calls for the U.S. to remain in the Paris Agreement.

The letter highlights that a consistent signal will allow all businesses, not just voluntary leaders, to be confident in making low carbon investments.

Moreover, governments must put forth a robust package of policies that embed the cost of carbon into our products and services, drive innovation and deployment of new technologies, and create clear demand for zero carbon products and services.

In fact, approximately 70% of the world’s ourselves and others who are looking to purchase internet traffic flows through data centers in renewable energy.

We encourage every business, individual, government, and community to use their voice to influence policy and step up to the urgent challenge of climate change.

In 2019, Salesforce was recognized as a State Champion by Ceres for its leadership in state climate and clean energy policy.

Our commitment to 100% renewable energy means sourcing renewable electricity from renewable energy sources equivalent to what we use globally on an annual basis.

Meeting our 100% renewable energy goal is a key part of our sustainability strategy.

However, the ultimate goal is something bigger and more complex, because balancing our fossil fuel use alone won’t be enough.

We want a future in which clean and renewable energy is powering all of an impactful way means thinking about deliberate, the communities where we operate.

Reaching this goal will take time, the deployment and reduces the greatest possible emissions, and of new technologies, financial investment, and blazes a trail for others to follow. regulatory changes.

In 2019, Salesforce announced an exciting new detailing how we plan to get to 100% renewable renewable aggregation with some incredible energy by FY22.

Together the of what we used globally, predominantly through group demonstrated a new approach to renewable large scale, long term purchases that add additional energy procurement, proving that smaller buyers renewable energy to the grid.

Stalk Wind VPPA is Salesforce's largest renewable energy agreement to date.

Check out our Renewable Energy Projects list to learn more about our renewable energy portfolio.

Reviewed by Ernst Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67 70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

Salesforce is committed to reaching 100% renewable energy by FY22.

In FY20, Salesforce consumed 659 GWh of electricity globally.

Protocol, Salesforce calculates its carbon footprint using two established methods: location based and market based emissions, as presented in the graph on the right.

We measure the actual (physical) carbon intensity and energy mix of the electric grids on which we operate.

This is known as the location based methodology and is the key indicator of society’s collective progress toward achieving the long term goal of transitioning the electric systems we operate on to low carbon resources.

We believe businesses need to prioritize and transparently disclose location based performance because it more accurately reflects the opportunities and roadblocks to a clean and renewable grid.

The second method, known as a market based methodology, is largely based off of the contracts we have in place for electricity, rather than the mix of resources providing the electricity physically used in operations.

The graph illustrates our efforts to balance or offset the impacts of our brown power consumption by bringing new sources of clean and renewable energy online today.

As we have progressed toward our 100% renewable energy goal, our market based emissions have declined.

This reduction is in line with our Science Based Target of reducing our Scope 1 and 2 market based emissions by 50% by 2030 from a 2018 base year.

However, critically, our location based emissions have increased over the same period, reflective of our business growth and the comparatively slow clean energy transition taking place on the grids where we operate.

This is why, through policy advocacy, we continue to work toward a 24 7 clean energy supply for all our global operations.

Since FY18, Salesforce has also offset the remainder of our market based emissions through the purchase of high quality carbon credits.

The three buildings at our corporate headquarters in San Francisco sourced 100% renewable energy in FY20.

Salesforce works to avoid and reduce our emissions where possible.

To achieve this, we are committed to measuring and transparently disclosing our annual emissions, indicated in the following charts.

For more detail on our environmental footprint, see the Report Details.

Scope 1 includes direct emissions such as those from onsite natural gas combustion, leaked refrigerants, and so on.

The above emissions were calculated using a location based methodology.

The EPA defines MTCO2e as the number of metric tons of CO2 emissions with the same warming potential as one metric ton of another greenhouse gas.

The above emissions were calculated using a location based methodology.

Offsetting all of Scope 1 and 2 emissions and parts of Scope 3 puts an internal price on our greenhouse gas emission.

These include emissions from employee commuting and business travel our data center supply chain, such as the manufacture of servers, production, and distribution of energy use at our data centers and the impact of our customers using Salesforce on their personal devices.

These actions have also formed the basis of our net zero greenhouse gas emissions claim since FY18.

We expect new guidance on the definition of net zero creates a financial incentive to after the publication of this report.

Salesforce is proud to deliver all customers a carbon neutral cloud and to offset all employee commuting and business travel emissions.

At Salesforce, business travel and employee commuting form a large part of our emissions footprint.

We have strategies in place to reduce these emissions, including placing offices in metro areas near mass transit and utilizing virtual meeting software that allows for a large number of remote workers.

For many years, Salesforce has worked to mitigate travel choices.

Read more about our journey to delivering a a three step, iterative process: avoid, reduce, beginning in FY20, we now offset all emissions look for projects that maximize environmental and carbon neutral cloud.

In addition to our energy management and from business travel and employee commuting.

Salesforce’s global Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as parts of our Scope 3 (indirect emissions).

We partner with carbon project specialists who conduct additional audits, have scale and reach, and share our core value of innovation.

Reviewed by Ernst Young LLP. Please refer to pages 67 70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

For Salesforce, real estate is more than architecture and design it’s a physical manifestation of our culture.

It’s about creating a place where employees feel empowered to do their best work and one that has a lasting positive impact on our partners, customers, communities, and the environment around us.

Salesforce’s real estate process by incorporating sustainability criteria as part of initial site search, prioritizing green certified buildings, and negotiating green lease terms for new and existing buildings.

In July 2019, Salesforce received intentional measures to reduce our environmental impact by delivering consistent sustainable certified space while always looking for ways to innovate.

Award for our approach to address occupant health and wellbeing through all phases of construction and operations.

The Salesforce design standard promotes collaboration, sustainability, employee wellness, and fun.

It’s about creating a unified Salesforce real estate experience across the globe for our employees, customers, partners, communities, and the environment.

Our Design, Procurement, and Sustainability teams work in close partnership to drive innovative sustainable design and healthy our spaces.

The scoring results are used to make incremental improvements in our purchasing decisions and partner with suppliers to create sustainable products from installing carpet made from recycled fishing nets, to using low VOC paint, to piloting a new water based, nontoxic finish on conference room tables.

The implications of this work go beyond our own employees by directly impacting those communities and individuals who manufacture these products.

We see the certification process as a helpful guide the environmental and health impacts of our for real estate project accountability, transparency, building products.

Through our comprehensive and for driving sustainability.

But our sustainable scoring tool, we evaluate all suppliers across built environment strategy is much more than just a holistic criteria including human health, carbon, certification process it’s a framework for delivering materiality, water and waste, and social attributes world class, high performing, healthy spaces.

As of FY20, Salesforce has achieved or is pursuing green building certification for 74% of our office space.

Salesforce's global design standard is continuously improved upon to reduce waste, optimize for LEED , and lower our energy and water consumption.

We’ve standardized reusable dishes in our kitchens to reduce waste and centralized waste bins to avoid contamination of the waste streams.

We also identify opportunities to remove single use plastics in our snack program and offer snacks in bulk when possible to reduce unnecessary packaging.

Energy efficiency measures, like LED lighting and occupancy sensors, are prioritized in our design standard to deliver energy savings, and we install floor level submetering with real time data to continuously improve our operational efficiency.

We also pursue innovative pilot solutions such as battery storage and smart sensors to operate high performance, sustainable buildings.

As a result of these efforts and LEED certification, the average global carbon intensity of our real estate offices is steadily declining despite our real estate portfolio growth.

All major, new Salesforce office interiors will align with LEED Platinum v4 standards by 2020 and pursue International Living Future Institute’s Zero Carbon certification by 2030.

Salesforce is engaged in several efforts to reduce the embodied carbon of the products we specify, creating awareness in the industry and influencing a low carbon supply chain.

Carbon emitted during the manufacturing, transportation, installation, and end of life of a product is called the embodied carbon of a product.

Embodied carbon is responsible for 11% of annual global GHG emissions.

Since we have a limited amount of time to reduce carbon emissions in order to set us on a path to a 1.5 C future, the carbon reductions we can make now are more valuable than future carbon reductions.

Our green team, Earthforce, is made up of more than 9,000 passionate employee volunteers dedicated to promoting and celebrating environmental responsibility at Salesforce.

Earthforce is one of Salesforce’s many employee resource groups.

For more information on our Equality Groups, see page 41 of this report or visit salesforce.com equality.

At Salesforce, culture continues to be a significant competitive advantage it engages our people, drives the creation of our innovative products, and ultimately helps our customers succeed.

The way we see it, culture is no longer a nice to our people, drives the creation of our have.

It’s a business imperative with real return on innovative products, and ultimately investment.

In fact, according to Harvard Business helps our customers succeed.

Because of our culture, we’ve been able to attract improvement in employee performance.

Further and retain world class talent and earn customer studies show that a focus on culture drives up loyalty to become the fastest growing enterprise levels of innovation by 30% and levels of employee software company with 17.1 billion in revenue in retention by as much as 40%.

Full Time Employees success, innovation, and equality.

We live these values everyday both inside and outside the company.

We write it down we prioritize it we put programs behind it we measure it we innovate on it and we hold ourselves accountable to it.

Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, and develop a talented workforce.

With technology changing so rapidly, companies need to look beyond traditional, one size fits all solutions and seek out new approaches to learning.

At Salesforce, we do this foremost by offering learning and development content to all employees through myTrailhead, our learning experience platform.

With myTrailhead, we’re creating a culture of continuous learning at Salesforce, where we put a focus on learning at every stage of an employee’s career journey.

With an eye on building the next generation of global leaders and high impact teams, Salesforce’s Talent Development team also creates and facilitates customized, long term development programs for our employees.

These programs last anywhere from a few days to an entire year, with an emphasis on people managers and senior leaders.

Our talent development work focuses on building high impact teams that have a common purpose, act with courage and compassion, are mutually accountable, are willing to broaden their thinking, drive execution, and create a supportive and inclusive climate.

We are on a journey to create a workplace where employees push boundaries and address challenges using our hearts and minds in order to collaborate on meaningful and impactful work.

At Salesforce, 92% of employees say their workplace is great.

Leading Ohana is a program designed to transform executives over a year long period into mindful, purpose driven, globally oriented leaders ready to take our business and ecosystem to the next level.

It is a transformational leadership program designed to help vertical development with an emphasis on encouraging complex thinking.

A key component of this program is working with purpose driven organizations in developing communities and helping individuals apply the leadership skills gained through the program.

Accelerate is a year long program for high potential employees who are not yet managers to prepare them to be future team leaders.

The program provides participants with tools to become more aware of themselves and others, equips them with leadership behaviors, and teaches them what it means to be a leader at Salesforce.

Each participant is expected to drive their own development beyond structured hours.

Our Futureforce University Recruiting program is dedicated to attracting and cultivating next generation talent.

Our interns and new graduates work on real projects that affect how our business runs, giving them the opportunity to make a tangible impact on the future of our company.

Futureforce alumni take the main stage at the Dreamforce Futureforce alumni take the main stage at the Dreamforce keynote, earn patents from their intern projects, and take on keynote, earn patents from their intern projects, and take on key roles within our Equality team as their generation leads the key roles within our Equality team as their generation leads the charge for change. charge for change.

In FY20, we hired more than 1,200 new graduates In FY20, we hired more than 1,200 new graduates and over 850 interns and we’re just getting and over 850 interns and we’re just getting started, with a goal to hire 18% of Salesforce’s started, with a goal to hire 18% of Salesforce’s workforce in FY21 from this group. workforce in FY21 from this group.

We’re committed to building a more diverse and inclusive global workforce prepared with the skills to thrive in the 21st century, beginning in our own offices and communities.

Establishing a strong professional foundation begins with early career exposure, on the job training, and the opportunity to build professional networks.

This is why, for the past 12 years, Salesforce has partnered with workforce development organizations to connect untapped talent to meaningful paid work experiences.

We are proud that 53% of the Year Up interns who joined us in FY20 continued with Salesforce following the program, bringing tremendous value to our company and community.

Both WhiteHat and Ada are focused on closing the opportunity gap and developing a diverse talent pipeline by providing young adults from underserved and underrepresented communities with the opportunities, training, and support needed to progress into meaningful careers.

Philanthropy Engagement teams, while we launched Salesforce’s apprenticeship program with Ada in partnership with our Solution Engineering team.

Both partnerships demonstrate the growing demand for apprentices across different business units, a testament to the significant value these young adults bring to Salesforce.

Following six months of intensive technical and professional training, Year Up interns spend six months at Salesforce, completing internships across a wide range of business functions.

Genesys Works provides high school students with pathways to career success through skills training, meaningful work experience, and impactful relationships.

Salesforce while attending school half time, gaining what is typically their first professional experience and exploring potential career paths before beginning college.

Salesforce is committed to enabling the workforce to learn the skills needed to thrive in the jobs of today and tomorrow.

Trailhead, Salesforce’s free gamified online learning platform, empowers anyone to skill up for the future.

Trailhead’s mission is to reduce the barriers to learning and provide anyone, regardless of their background or education level, with the tools needed to land a job in the thriving Salesforce ecosystem.

With Trailhead, anyone can learn in demand skills, earn resume worthy credentials that companies are hiring for, and connect to opportunity from mentorship to employment with the Trailblazer Community.

Rebecca had a solid job as a sales manager, but she didn’t discover her true power of the Salesforce Platform.

Despite his limited tech background, purpose and passion until she implemented Salesforce for her team.

Jesse chased the opportunity to work in the ecosystem.

Rebecca learned on Trailhead and got engaged in the Trailblazer Community, himself to master the platform by learning on Trailhead.

Now Jesse holds she fell in love with the platform and fellow Trailblazers.

Rebecca is head in South Africa, enjoys engaging in the global Trailblazer Community, and of Business System Success, a community group leader, a Women in Tech inspires anyone who will listen to start learning on Trailhead.

IT and sales, Alvaro discovered Salesforce and enjoyed working on the marketing landscape.

So she searched for ways to add tech skills to her platform.

When he faced an unexpected layoff, Alvaro immersed himself traditional marketing background, found Salesforce, and started learning in learning on Trailhead and earned hundreds of badges and several on Trailhead.

Then she went deep by joining a PepUp Tech cohort to learn certifications.

Alvaro had a tough time finding a job due to his mature age with peers, get mentorship, and build connections.

Now Althea is thriving and career experience, so he started his own consulting company.

Now he’s as a full time Salesforce Admin, and she’s excited about lifelong learning having the time of his life working on his own terms.

Salesforce’s Pathfinder Training Program is a workforce development initiative designed to train individuals with the technical and business skills necessary to pursue a career in the Salesforce ecosystem.

Deloitte, Pathfinder began with a commitment to train the next generation of Trailblazers.

By providing a rigorous curriculum, fostering community support, and collaborating with a network of diverse institutions and employers, Pathfinder gives participants access to the technical training and resources necessary to transform their lives and careers.

To date, 269 individuals have graduated from the Pathfinder Program and we plan to welcome six more cohorts in FY21 as part of our global expansion this year to the Bay Area and EMEA.

I did not know how to write a line of code, and now I’m working for a tech company configuring their processes by point and click programming and Apex.

Ciara Skiles, an active duty military spouse, discovered Salesforce Military at a Hiring Our Heroes Career Summit while stationed in Yokosuka, Japan.

She successfully reskilled as a Salesforce Administrator and is now thriving in a remote consultant role.

Not only did Ciara double her salary, but she is now able to build a career while frequently moving as a military spouse.

In November 2019, Salesforce Military celebrated the five year anniversary of our commitment to the military community.

Accenture Federal Services and Prudential, to create a larger movement to prioritize and accelerate the interviewing and hiring of veterans and military spouses for civilian careers in the Salesforce ecosystem.

Salesforce ecosystem roles. ecosystem will drive an estimated 4.2 million new jobs by 2024, and the Salesforce Military Program enables the military community to be first in line.

We know it isn’t enough to train the military earns an administrator certification, and or offers community with the necessary technology skills reskilling opportunities to their current veteran or to succeed.

They need help to get their resumes to the top of the pile.

The Alliance has grown to 20 partners, and more than 115 military community members have signed up for interviews.

Equality is a core value at Salesforce, and we believe in Equality for All.

We’re working to create a workplace that reflects the diverse communities we serve and where everyone feels empowered to bring their full, authentic selves to work.

We do this through increasing representation we strive to make our workplaces reflect society creating opportunity we believe everyone should have an equal opportunity to succeed in tech and through empowering allyship we believe everyone has a responsibility to be an ally, and help build a more equal world.

Creating a culture of Equality isn’t just the right thing to do it’s also the smart thing empowering us to innovate, build deeper connections with our customers, and ultimately become a better company.

Foundational to this journey is understanding the data.

We know there is more work to be done on this path to creating a workplace that reflects society.

As part of our mission to create a workplace that reflects society, we set a new goal and strategies to accelerate growth and drive change within our company.

Indigenous, Multiracial, LGBTQ , People with Disabilities, and Veterans) by FY24 and to continue building a workplace that reflects society around the globe.

Executive Leadership Council on an in house program focused on underrepresented minorities.

Leadership trainings for our managers and have development programs.

We have invested 67.4 million in San Francisco and Oakland public schools and over 90 million worldwide.

Use as part of our Office of Equality to help ensure our products are developed and used in ways that are ethical and uphold the fundamental human rights of every individual.

In 2016, Salesforce made a commitment to ensure equal pay for equal work.

As of April 30, 2020, the company has spent more than 12 million to address unexplained differences in pay among genders, as well as between race and ethnicity in the U.S.

The Salesforce salary assessment methodology analyzes the employee population based on objective factors that determine pay such as job function, level, and location.

The assessment then groups employees in comparable roles and analyzes salaries of a given group to determine where there are statistical differences across race in the U.S. and gender globally.

Salesforce will continue to focus on equality, diversity, and inclusion at all levels and review employee compensation on an ongoing basis.

We are humbled to be recognized by Fortune as one of the best workplaces for diversity, but we know there is much more work to be done.

We believe we have a broader responsibility to the world in which we live and work.

Our senior leaders are empowered monthly with a scorecard detailing the head count, hiring, attrition, and promotion data by Gender (Global) and Race (U.S.).

Employee Success, Equality Partners, and senior leaders to drive prescriptive actions based on data.

Our Equality Groups are employee led organizations to support our underrepresented communities.

Their leaders are on the front lines of Equality, driving progress together as volunteers.

Our employees receive 56 hours a year to volunteer time spent leading this important work counts toward their hours.

We encourage everyone to participate as allies to build empathy, learn, and stand up for their colleagues.

At Salesforce, we strive to create workplaces that are reflective of the communities we serve and where everyone feels welcomed, valued, heard, and included in our company.

One of the ways we do this is through our employee resource groups, which we call Equality Groups.

Salesforce empowers its 12 Equality Groups to create community for underrepresented groups and their allies, offer professional development and mentoring opportunities, and empower employees to be impactful equality leaders in their community.

In FY20, the Equality Groups organized to contribute over 110,000 volunteer hours to our global community.

Over 100 new regional groups were launched to localize conversations around equality and ensure inclusion in our global offices.

Read about all of our Equality Groups at salesforce.com equality.

Use within our Office of Equality in 2018 to create year of convening our Ethical Use Advisory Council, technology and policies that drive customer which meets quarterly to provide guidance and success, while upholding the basic human rights counsel for our ethical use initiatives.

We are deliberate in embedding ethical and humane principles and features into our products and processes.

We empower all Trailblazers our teams, customers, and stakeholders to consider technology’s potential harms, so we can build tools and features together that help us navigate unprecedented uncertainty, increase trust, and stakeholders to include a wide range of views to positively impact the world.

For example, we offer inform our work and reflect our core value of equality.

We’re extending this strategy to non AI products as well.

Our first area of focus is understanding the direct impact of our products in society.

Ethical and Humane Use works across product, legal, policy, and ethics to develop and implement a strategic framework to help our customers use our products in a responsible manner.

We strive to empower our marine wildlife. customers to implement AI safely, accurately, and ethically.

One of the ways we have done this is through the Responsible Creation of AI module, which launched in May 2019.

This trail is a primer in some foundational ethical concepts and helps employees and customers address potential bias and harms in their data and models.

To help employees build ethical AI, we teach ethics as a core part of our monthly Machine Learning course for product managers.

Finally, Salesforce Research has been active in developing AI for Social Good.

Salesforce participates in a variety of organizations and human rights advocacy groups to further the ethical use of technology.

We partner with several civil society organizations to collaborate and advance the field of ethics and tech.

Generation AI. Furthermore, Salesforce seconded three employees to the WEF as fellows on the topics of Ethics in Tech and Ethical AI.

Humane Use at salesforce.com company ethical and humane use.

At Salesforce, we believe that technology has the power to accelerate solutions to solve some of the world’s most urgent problems.

Sustainable Development Goals in developing countries will cost approximately 3.9 trillion per year, and we believe that impact investing will play a critical role in advancing market based solutions that address many development challenges.

The Salesforce Ventures Impact Fund continues to advance the growth of companies that are building products and solutions to drive positive impact for people and the planet.

Our investments span across four key focus areas: workforce development, sustainability, diversity and inclusion, and the social sector.

In 2019, we supported four of our existing portfolio companies with follow on investments and invested in five new companies.

Salesforce ecosystem, with the goal of deploying and scaling their technology to communities that need them the most.

We are proud of the growing portfolio, its impact on all our stakeholders, and its potential for the future.

Diversity is defined as having female or underrepresented minority representation.

Unite Us Is Bridging the Gap Between Healthcare and Social Services placed Guild Education in rarified unicorn territory.

Unite Us created a technology platform that standardizes how health and today for jobs of tomorrow by partnering with Fortune 1000 employers like social care providers communicate and track outcomes together.

Guild helps these leading companies infrastructure provides both a person centered care coordination platform offer debt free education pathways to their front line employees, all of which and a hands on community engagement process.

By generating meaningful is deeply aligned with the companies’ broader corporate strategies.

Unite Us is now active in 35 states, working with many of the largest insurance companies, healthcare providers, governments, and community based organizations.

The Salesforce Ventures Impact Fund’s strategic investment aims to scale and strengthen the power of this technology to address real challenges in the social determinants of health.

Ultimately, we seek to create a more diverse and inclusive global workforce pre pared with the skills to thrive in the 21st century.

From the time Salesforce was founded, giving back has always been part of our DNA. Since then, we have donated 330 million in grants and our employees have volunteered more than 4.9 million hours in our communities.

We empower 49,000 Salesforce employees to give back as citizen philanthropists and invest in our local communities through strategic investments by the Salesforce Foundation.

Our philanthropic efforts are grounded in a com mitment to advance equity and access, rooted in our belief that talent is everywhere but opportu nity is not.

Salesforce.org remains aligned with our customers and is singularly committed to improving the state of the world.

We continue to provide free and highly discounted technology to the nonprofit and education sectors.

With over 46,000 nonprofits, educational institutions, and philanthropies using our technology, we are dedicated to creating solutions for the social impact sector to connect, organize, and scale their missions.

Our potential to drive positive change at scale has never been greater.

The philanthropic power of our global community has never been stronger.

And Salesforce.org’s capacity to innovate on top of the world’s 1 CRM platform has never been higher.

We remain inspired by our customers, committed to cross sector collaboration, and optimistic about the impact we can have together.

With Salesforce.org Philanthropy Cloud, we are ushering in a new era of giving.

Today’s employees are more socially conscious and engaged than ever before with their local communities and with the world at large.

That’s why Salesforce.org and United Way partnered to create a platform that connects employees with the causes they care about most, turning them into citizen philanthropists.

Philanthropy Cloud lets every company and employee turn their values into action.

Learn more about how Philanthropy Cloud empowers companies and employees to put their values into action at salesforce.org philanthropy cloud.

In FY20, we invested more than 70 million in grants and 1 million employee volunteer hours to support the communities where we live and work.

In particular, we’re committed to advancing access to high quality education and meaningful career opportunities, both of which are essential for helping young people reach their full potential, building a more equitable society, and strengthening our global economy.

Salesforce employees are Trailblazers for a brighter schools, with a focus on advancing educational nonprofit focused on college affordability, we are future.

Through their outstanding commitments opportunities, strengthening student outcomes, helping young people identify financially viable to schools and nonprofit organizations, they and developing educators as leaders.

Unified School District, 8.7 million to Oakland opportunity to graduate from college and reach a more inclusive and diverse global workforce.

Unified School District, 750,000 to Chicago Public their full potential.

Schools, 650,000 to Indianapolis Public Schools, and 500,000 to the New York City Department of Education.

Our newest investment in New York represents our fifth district partnership and will allow us to reach triple the number of students we serve through our investments in public schools.

In addition to our strategic investments, we also provide technology in classrooms and volunteer our time to support local schools.

Circle the Schools program, we are providing a new model for how companies can support local schools.

Plus Collaboration Forum, convening teachers and principals from 41 schools to advance best practices in STEM education.

To date, we have circled 122 schools across 43 cities and 12 countries, and our employees have volunteered over 65,000 hours to strengthen schools in their communities.

Only one in four college students from underrepresented backgrounds graduates with a strong first job, leaving millions in low wage roles and saddled with student loan debt.

We are committed to closing the education to employment gap.

In FY20, we invested 500,000 in Braven, supporting the organization’s efforts to empower low income, first generation college students in the United States with the skills, confidence, experiences, and networks necessary to transition from college to strong first jobs, leading to meaningful careers and lives of impact.

We also proudly invested 500,000 in Moza k RH, a leading French nonprofit committed to supporting young people from disadvantaged and migrant backgrounds, enabling their successful transitions from university to meaningful careers.

Awards to recognize and celebrate our employee citizen philanthropists and the organizations they partner with to advance access to high quality education and meaningful career opportunities.

Each winner received a 20,000 donation for the organization they volunteer with, furthering these organizations’ missions as well as our collective vision for a future ready workforce.

Salesforce is a Pledge 1% founder, member, and champion.

We are active in creating a movement of businesses that integrate social impact into their company DNA.

Following the 1 1 1 model that Salesforce pioneered, Pledge 1% encourages companies to dedicate 1% time, 1% product, 1% profit, and or 1% equity to improve the world.

Since its launch, thousands of companies have joined Pledge 1% to make their communities a key stakeholder in their businesses.

Over time we will work to expand our disclosures recommendations of the Task Force on Climate and align more closely to the leading frameworks, related Financial Disclosures and has since even as the frameworks themselves rapidly evolve.

TCFD recommends disclosures, as they relate to climate change, in four major categories: governance, strategy, risk management, and metrics and targets.

Salesforce continues to align its ESG strategy with the TCFD recommendations, included as part of our ESG reporting.

Global Compact and will continue to incorporate the Ten Principles of the UNGC into company strategy, policies, and procedures.

Principles is reflected in this section of the report.

We are supportive of the SASB and its mission to help businesses identify, manage, and report on the sustainability topics that matter most to their investors by providing market informed and industry specific standards.

We believe this will allow for increased transparency and comparability across companies.

Although the SASB standards are designed for disclosure in financial filings to the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), they have not yet been formally adopted for such use.

The investor community welcomes such disclosures, and as such, we have included a table in this section as part of our sustainability reporting as well as links to our policies that contain more information on our ESG initiatives.

We have also included a summary of our ESG initiatives in our annual report on Form 10 K for fiscal 2020 filed with the SEC on March 5, 2020.

We enhance the trust of our stakeholders by transparently disclosing our environmental, social, and governance (ESG) policies and metrics.

Each of these frameworks recommends disclosing policies and material metrics related to ESG topics.

At Salesforce, the key metrics we disclose are cross referenced to these frameworks, when applicable.

Our customers trust us to help them build meaningful relationships with their own customers.

The privacy of the data that we are entrusted to protect is a top priority.

TC SI 220a.1 our website) describe how we safeguard data with an effective privacy and security program.

We also offer resources to help our customers operate globally in compliance with privacy laws such as GDPR and CCPA.

Any interruptions or delays in services from third parties, including data center hosting facilities, cloud computing platform providers, and other hardware and software vendors, or from our inability to adequately plan for and manage service interruptions or infrastructure capacity requirements, could impair the delivery of our services and harm our business.

We have key business practices that help us mitigate risk from malicious actors and external forces.

Our government affairs team is engaged at the local, state, and country levels to lobby for policies that are aligned to our values and business continuity.

With a highly distributed workforce in over 28 countries, we are able to deliver the highest levels of performance, availability, and security.

Leveraging our own technology and other tools, we can coordinate, collaborate, and create effectively across borders.

We recognize the diversity in our global workforce, and ensure we create a strong corporate culture based on our core values: trust, customer success, innovation, and equality.

Description of systems for managing workforce and risk prevention alignment, transparency, integrity, and experience.

TC SI 330a.1 code of conduct, goal planning process, employee surveys, town halls, workforce analytics initiatives, and more allow us to manage and measure our culture and workforce, at scale, while developing local talent pools and reducing risks related to visa controls, relocations, and other business factors that we would face with a workforce tied to a single country or region.

Our government affairs teams are also engaged at the local, state, and country levels to lobby for policies that are aligned to our values and business continuity.

The global assessment considers differences in pay by gender.

In the U.S., the assessment also considered differences in pay by race and ethnicity.

At Salesforce, we offer our employees learning and development opportunities in the form of Trailhead, in person and virtual classes, guides and workbooks, and more.

Salesforce's Talent Development team also creates and facilitates customized, long term development programs for employees and people leaders in service of building high impact teams.

In addition, we offer a yearly education reimbursement to employees who wish to continue job related education from accredited institutions or organizations.

Organizational alignment and consistent and clear communication are a key part of our employee engagement, especially as our company continues to grow.

When Salesforce was founded, we developed an internal management tool used by all employees on an annual basis called the V2MOM (Vision, Values, Methods, Obstacles, and Measures).

Employee satisfaction7 are expected to complete their own V2MOM that aligns with the corporate V2MOM.

In addition, by using the Salesforce Platform, every individual employee V2MOM is available and searchable for the entire company.

Learn more about the V2MOM and how to apply it to your own company or project.

For a more detailed discussion, please see Salesforce's 2019 CDP Climate response.

Therefore, FY20 is the first year we are reporting our progress against these targets, unless otherwise noted.

Targeted Scope 3 emissions represent 60% of Salesforce's total Scope 3 emissions.

FY20 was the first year we reported water withdrawal disaggregated by baseline water stress.

Therefore, we do not report this disaggregation for FY19.

Please refer to pages 67 70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

Please refer to pages 67 70 for its Independent Accountants' Review Report.

Since FY19, we have separated it out for a more detailed breakdown.

Matter is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data.

The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements.

The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.

Schedule of Select Sustainability Metrics for the and processes used to generate, aggregate and year ended January 31, 2020, in order for it to be report the Subject Matter and performing such in accordance with the Criteria.

Criteria, in all material respects, in order to express an opinion.

A review also does not provide assurance that we became aware of all significant matters that would be disclosed in an examination.

We believe that our review provides a reasonable basis for our conclusion.

We did not review all information included in the Report.

We did not review the narrative sections of the Report, except where they incorporated the Subject Matter.

Salesforce’s management is responsible for the Subject Matter included in the Schedule and as also presented in the Report, in accordance with the Criteria.

GHG emissions Scope 3, for the following: Non use phase life cycle emissions of IT equipment in data centers6,7 Managed hosting8 Energy production and transportation Emissions associated with end user device operation9 Transport of Data Center maintenance engineers.

References to fiscal 2020, for example, refer to the fiscal year ending January 31, 2020.

Assets that fall under Salesforce’s operational control during the fiscal year being reported as a result of an acquisition are included in the boundary of the carbon footprint in the fiscal year following their acquisition.

Where possible, based on Salesforce’s reporting timeline and requirements, Salesforce uses the most up to date emission factors available at the time of their carbon footprint calculation.

For office facilities in the Northeast, Midwest, and Western U.S. where an internally developed intensity factor is not available, and no other heating source is identified, natural gas energy use is extrapolated using intensity factors supplied by the 2012 Commercial Buildings Energy Consumption Survey ( CBECS ) report from the U.S. Energy Information Administration ( EIA ).

For data centers where actual electricity consumption cannot be obtained, data center electricity is estimated at the contractual maximum amount of electricity for the site.

For data center facilities where actual data cannot be obtained, including facilities that are new to the Salesforce Portfolio in fiscal year 2020, emissions for consumption of diesel and refrigerants are estimated using internally developed intensity factors.

For non server IT equipment electricity consumption and a non use phase life cycle ratio percentage is used to estimate the embodied emissions.

As such, battery watts per hour and battery life data is based on publicly available information for a laptop which Salesforce deems as a reputable proxy for laptop power usage.

Salesforce calculates renewable energy as the amount of renewable energy in the grids Salesforce uses and the amount of renewable energy sourced through contractual instruments12.

Salesforce divides this number by the total energy usage at its global facilities, which includes offices and data centers under its operational control to calculate renewable energy percentage.

Renewable energy resources are defined in accordance with RE10013.

Following the hierarchy laid out in the GHG Protocol’s Scope 2 guidance for market based emissions, emissions factors and their associated renewable energy content are applied to electricity use for each facility.

Total electricity consumed is calculated based on total kilowatt hours of electricity consumed.

Salesforce’s Carbon Neutral Cloud is calculated by totaling Scope 1, Scope 2 (MBM) and Scope 3 GHG per the criteria described above, less Carbon Credits purchased.

Carbon Credits are certified under the emissions, per the criteria described above, less Carbon Credits purchased.

Gold Standard or Verified Carbon Standard ( VCS ).

All Carbon Credits are retired on a public registry at the amount equal to Salesforce’s Scope 1 and Scope 2 (MBM) GHG emissions.

Carbon Credits are certified under the Gold Standard or VCS. All Carbon Credits are retired on a public registry at the amount equal to Salesforce’s Scope 1, Scope 2 (MBM), and select Scope 3 GHG emissions.

CarbonNeutral Protocol, CarbonNeutral Entity Certification Data Centers.

Chapter 4: Guide for assessing GHG emissions of Cloud Computing and Data Center Services.

Non financial information is subject to measurement uncertainties resulting from limitations inherent in the nature and the methods used for determining such data.

The selection of different but acceptable measurement techniques can result in materially different measurements.

The precision of different measurement techniques may also vary.