2022  
Corporate Social 
Responsibility Report

Table of Contents

Introduction 

Our Approach 
Our Businesses 
Setting Our CSR Priorities & Strategy 
Fiscal 2022 Highlights 
CSR Oversight & Accountability 
Stakeholder Engagement & Participation 
Charitable Giving Approach 

World of Belonging 
DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION
Overview 
People 
Culture 
Content 
Community 
Transparency & Accountability 

World in Balance 
ENVIRONMENT & CONSERVATION
Overview 
2030 Environmental Goals 
Emissions 
Water 
Waste 
Materials 
Sustainable Design 
Wildlife Care & Conservation 

Investing in Our People 
Talent Management Strategy 
Employee Feedback & Recognition 
Safety, Health & Well-Being 
Talent Development 
Comprehensive Rewards Package 

Operating Responsibly 
Corporate Governance 
Ethics 
Risk Oversight 
Human Rights 
Supply Chain 
Guest Safety 
Product Safety 
Privacy & Cybersecurity 
Digital Wellness & Responsible Content 
Responsible Advertising & Marketing 
Journalistic Integrity 
Tax Strategy  

Data & Reporting Frameworks 
Overview 
Fiscal 2022 Data Table 
TCFD Index 
SASB Index 
SDG Indicators 
Forward-Looking Statements 

03

04

05
06
07
10
11
12

13

14
15
18
19
23
28

29

30
30
31
34
35
38
39
42

World of Hope 
COMMUNITY
Overview 
46
Children’s Hospitals 
47
Wish Granting 
51
Volunteering 
53
Stories of Hope in Communities Around the World  56

45

This report contains links to websites that are not operated by The Walt Disney Company. 
The website owner’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will apply.

59

60
61
62
64
66

68

69
69
70
70
71
73
74
75
76
77
78
78

79

80
81
89
90
95
99

02

Table of ContentsOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingIntroduction

At The Walt Disney Company, our mission is to 
entertain, inform, and inspire people around the 
globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, 
reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds, and 
innovative technologies that make ours the world’s 
premier entertainment company.

Since our founding nearly 100 years ago, storytelling 
has fueled our Company, and contributing positively 
to our communities has been integral to how we 
operate. This report shares our track record and ongoing 
efforts to make the world better for individuals, 
families, and communities through our stories, 
experiences, operations, and philanthropy.

We inspire a world of belonging by embracing stories 
and storytellers who reflect the life experiences of 
people from across the globe. In fiscal 2022, we released 
award-winning and critically acclaimed films and shows 
that respect and celebrate different communities, such 
as Encanto, Abbott Elementary, Prey, Turning Red, 
Reservation Dogs, and Ms. Marvel, among others.

We also continue to make progress toward a workforce 
reflective of the audiences and guests we serve.  
This past year we continued to invest in programs  
like Disney’s Veterans Institute, Disney on the Yard, 
Women’s Talent Network, and Black Talent Network,  
to help attract and develop a more diverse workforce  
at all levels. We also celebrated the 10th anniversary  
of our Heroes Work Here program, which has resulted  
in more than 12,500 veterans being hired across the 
Company through the end of 2022. And we launched 
Disney Future Storytellers to increase access to  
careers in media, entertainment, technology, and 
hospitality. Additionally, more than $140 million  
of our charitable giving was directed to programs 
serving underrepresented communities.

We encourage a world in balance by lowering the 
environmental impact of our operations and investing 
in wildlife care and conservation.

This past year we launched the Disney Wish, designed  
to be among the most energy-efficient cruise ships  
on the water. We also continued to reduce the 
environmental impact of our productions and 
received 58 Green Seals and 38 Gold Seals from  
the Environmental Media Association. In December 
2022, we updated our emission reduction goals  
to include our broader value chain and we plan  
to submit our goals to the Science Based Targets 
initiative for validation. And our Disney Conservation  
Fund contributed nearly $6.7 million in grants to more 
than 60 nonprofit organizations across 32 countries.

We support a world of hope and deliver joy, 
comfort, and peace of mind to our communities when 
they’re needed most through our charitable giving, 
which totaled approximately $233 million in fiscal 
2022. We have now invested more than $75 million in 
our $100 million hospital initiative to bring the positive 
power of Disney stories and characters to more than 
700 children’s hospitals and pediatric places of care 
around the world. We also continue to grant thousands 
of wishes annually to children facing critical illness.

Our success, however, is defined not by our efforts,  
but by the actual good we do for the communities  
we serve. True community engagement is about more 
than writing a check. Through our Disney VoluntEARS 
program, our employees and cast members worldwide 
have collectively contributed nearly 13 million hours  
of service to their communities since the program  
was started nearly 40 years ago.

We continue to invest in our people. The underlying 
character of our Company comes from the hard work, 
energy, and dignity of our people. Investing in the 
health, safety, and overall well-being of our employees; 
providing opportunities for development and career 
mobility; and maintaining a supportive, respectful 
workplace require concrete solutions. In 2022, we 
expanded our education investment and career 
development program, Disney Aspire, and launched  
a new virtual leadership program for senior leaders 
called Disney IGNITE. We also reported adjusted pay 
ratios, which were at least 99% across gender, race, 
and ethnicity in the U.S.

We are focused on operating responsibly  
and on conducting our business in accordance with 
high standards of ethics. In 2022, we updated our 
Human Rights Policy, enhanced our Supply Chain 
Code of Conduct, and celebrated the 10th anniversary 
of our Supply Chain Investment Program, which 
provides grant funding to support tools and programs 
that improve working conditions and enhance 
accountability in global supply chains.

As you read this report, we hope you share our 
excitement about the progress we made this past  
year and the many opportunities ahead to deliver 
meaningful impact from our efforts. We are excited  
to celebrate our 100th anniversary; create even  
more magical experiences; and further serve our 
employees, guests, consumers, and communities  
in 2023 and beyond.

03

IntroductionOur ApproachWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingOur Approach

In This Section

Our Businesses 

Setting Our CSR Priorities & Strategy 

Fiscal 2022 Highlights 

CSR Oversight & Accountability 

Stakeholder Engagement & Participation 

Charitable Giving Approach 

05

06

07

10

11

12

04

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingOUR BUSINESSES

The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to 
entertain, inform, and inspire people around the  
globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, 
reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds, and 
innovative technologies that make ours the world’s 
premier entertainment company. 

05

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGY

Since the Company’s founding nearly 100 years 
ago, operating responsibly has been an integral 
part of our DNA. 

Our corporate social responsibility (CSR) efforts 
address the expectations of our people, consumers, 
communities, and investors, and help us to attract, 
retain, and develop talented and diverse creators, 
cast members, and employees, all of whom 
contribute to our business success. We take a 
strategic approach to setting our CSR priorities, 
addressing issues that are important to our 
businesses and to the communities where we 
operate. We regularly monitor issues and evolve 
our efforts to ensure we remain focused on the 
economic, environmental, and societal matters  
that impact those we serve. 

Disney strives to inspire a world of belonging 
by embracing broad representation and respect 
for every individual in our workplace, storytelling, 
and communities; a world in balance by taking  
action to create a cleaner, safer, and healthier 
world; and a world of hope by supporting  
our communities, especially children. We are  
also investing in our people and operating 
responsibly. Working together, side by side,  
our first responsibility is to have a meaningful, 
measurable, and positive impact on the people  
we serve. This report details our key actions  
across these focus areas and describes how we’ve 
continued to implement our CSR strategy across 
our offerings, operations, and charitable giving 
initiatives. Inclusion of information in this report 
should not be construed as a characterization of the 
materiality or financial impact of that information. 

We are committed to creating a better world for the people we serve

Focus Areas

World of Belonging

World in Balance

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION

ENVIRONMENT & CONSERVATION

Create authentic and unforgettable  
stories that inspire global audiences

Help change the course of our 
planet’s story, creating a healthier 
home for people and wildlife

World of Hope

COMMUNITY

Bring comfort, optimism, and  
joy to our communities and inspire 
hope, especially for children

Foundational Pillars

These topics inform our CSR strategy and 
practices and are addressed in this report  
as well on our website:

Investing in Our People

Operating Responsibly

Foster a culture where employees 
are inspired and empowered to 
do their best work

Operate our businesses with integrity  
and adopt governance policies that  
reflect our stakeholders’ interests

06

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingImpact.Disney.comFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTS
(All data points are for fiscal 2022 unless otherwise noted)

World of Belonging

World in Balance

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION

ENVIRONMENT & CONSERVATION

We are committed to cultivating a welcoming 
and respectful workplace, creating content and 
experiences that inspire our global audiences, 
and collaborating with community organizations 
to make our industries accessible to all.

Through our 2030 environmental goals, we 
are working to reduce emissions, use and 
waste less, lower the impact of our products, 
build sustainably, and inspire communities 
to protect the magic of nature together.

World of Hope

COMMUNITY

We support communities around the 
world in ways only Disney can, leveraging 
the power of our stories and beloved 
characters, reach of our platforms, and 
employee and cast member talents.

7 out of 11 Board of Director 
nominees at our 2023 Annual Meeting
Are women and/or racially/ethnically diverse

~47% of our U.S. employees 
Were People of Color

~51% of our employees worldwide 
Were women

12,500+ veterans hired 
Through our Heroes Work Here initiative 
from 2012 through the end of 2022; 
celebrated the program’s 10th anniversary

$800+ million
Spent with diverse suppliers1

$5 million 
Pledged to organizations serving the 
LGBTQIA+ community

Scope 1, 2 & 3 emissions targets
Plan to submit emissions targets to the  
Science Based Targets initiative in 2023

200+ megawatts of solar capacity
Commissioned or announced as of  
fiscal 2022

58% of total Company  
operational waste 
Diverted from landfill and incineration

~$6.7 million in Disney  
Conservation Fund grants
Supported 60+ nonprofits focused  
on species and habitat protection

Environmental Media  
Association awards
Two EMAs awarded, as well as  
58 Green Seals and 38 Gold Seals

$230+ million total charitable giving
Including $140+ million directed to programs 
serving underrepresented communities2

480,000+ volunteer hours 
Contributed by employees and cast  
members through Disney VoluntEARS

Expanded children’s hospital  
concepts and experiences 
In several U.S. states, Singapore, Japan,  
India, and eight countries across the  
Europe, Middle East & Africa region

160,000+ toys collected
Through the Disney Ultimate Toy Drive  
for the Marine Toys for Tots Program 

3+ million books 
Donated to First Book to support  
under-resourced educators and children

$3+ million raised for UNICEF 
Via ABC News coverage and on-air  
mentions across our networks to support  
the humanitarian crisis in Ukraine 

1 

See footnote 7 on p. 26.

2   See footnote 3 on p. 12.

Photo Credit: Geri Kodey

07

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTS (continued)
(All data points are for fiscal 2022 unless otherwise noted)

Investing in Our People

Operating Responsibly

Our employees are at the heart of every one of our stories and 
are the reason we can entertain, inform, and inspire people all 
over the world. We are focused on investing in our peoples’ 
health, safety, and overall well-being; creating a supportive and 
inclusive culture; and providing opportunities for growth, 
development, and career mobility.

We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity 
and adopting governance policies that represent our 
stakeholders’ interests, and we are committed to conducting 
business in accordance with high standards of business ethics 
and complying with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

~13,000 employees 
Enrolled in Disney Aspire, our education  
investment and career development program 

99%+ adjusted pay ratios
Across gender, race, and ethnicity  
in the U.S. as of June 2022

35 mentoring programs
An increase from 13 programs in fiscal 2021,  
with overall enrollment increasing by ~44%

Launched Disney IGNITE
New learning experience for senior leaders,  
focused on empowering them to be more confident  
in leading with care and a people-first mindset

~2.2 million employee learning sessions
Taken online or in-person through D Learn, 
Harvard Spark, Harvard ManageMentor, and 
Harvard Leading Edge—our top learning platforms

First Global Well-Being Week
Spotlighting the wide-ranging physical, mental,  
and financial benefits we offer employees

Updated Human Rights Policy 
Refreshed our human rights policy and human 
rights reporting on our website

Enhanced Supply Chain Code of Conduct 
Expanded and enhanced our Supply Chain  
Code of Conduct

$24+ million contributed to our  
Supply Chain Investment Program
Since 2012, and celebrated our 10th anniversary 
of driving improvements in working conditions

~100% of food & beverage advertising
Across our media platforms oriented to kids  
and families met our nutrition guidelines

Expanded digital wellness education 
With new programs in Belgium, Bulgaria,  
Kenya, Nigeria, and South Africa

08

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSExamples of Recent Awards & Recognition

World’s Most Admired 
Companies, #5 
Fortune, February 2022

America’s Most Responsible 
Companies, #39 
Newsweek & Statista, 
December 2022

Dow Jones Sustainability 
Index North America
S&P Global Dow Jones Indices, 
December 2022

FTSE4Good Global Index
FTSE Russell, August 2022

First Tier Company
CPA Zicklin Index, October 2022

Corporate Equality Index, 
Perfect Score, 16th 
consecutive year
Human Rights Campaign 
Foundation, January 2022

Best Places to Work  
for Disability Inclusion,  
100% Score
Disability:In, August 2022

Distinguished Supplier 
Diversity Award 
Minority Business  
Development Agency,  
September 2022

Forefront 50 Award
National Minority Supplier 
Development Council,  
October 2022

6 Environmental  
Media Awards  
nominations, 2 wins
Environmental Media  
Association, October 2022

58 Green Seals and  
38 Gold Seals
Environmental Media  
Association, October 2022

Annual Sustainable  
Innovation Award for 
Corporate Sustainability
U.S. Green Building Council,  
December 2022

Best Employers: Excellence  
in Health & Well-being 
Business Group on Health,  
April 2022

Corporate Partner  
of the Year 
Student Veterans of America,  
January 2022

10 National Edward  
R. Murrow Awards  
for Journalism
Radio Television Digital News 
Association, August 2022

8 Salute to Excellence Awards
National Association of Black 
Journalists, August 2022

5 Annual Safety Awards 
Unified Safety Council,  
March 2022

Central Florida Diversity 
Champion Award
The National Association  
of Minority Contractors,  
November 2022

Ocean Champion Award
International Fund for Animal 
Welfare, August 2022

4 GLAAD Media Awards 
33rd Annual GLAAD Media 
Awards, April 2022

09

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITY

CSR at Disney is led by our Executive Vice President 
(EVP), Corporate Social Responsibility, Jennifer Cohen, 
who reports to our Chief Executive Officer. She works in 
close collaboration with our Chief Financial Officer, Chief 
Human Resources Officer, Chief Diversity Officer, Chief 
Compliance Officer, General Counsel, Investor Relations, 
Global Public Policy, Government Relations, our segment 
business leaders, and their respective teams. Together 
they develop strategies, policies, programs, and other 
initiatives to address our priorities across our offerings, 
operations, and philanthropic giving.

Additionally, the Governance and Nominating Committee 
of the Board has oversight of CSR programs and reporting. 
Our EVP of CSR provides updates on CSR topics to the 
Committee throughout the year and presents to the full 
Board at least annually. The Board has also delegated 
oversight of specific topics to certain committees. The 
Governance and Nominating Committee oversees human 
rights policies and lobbying and political strategy. The 
Audit Committee oversees cybersecurity and data security 
risks and mitigation strategies. And the Compensation 
Committee oversees workforce equity matters. This 
includes compensation of the Company’s executive 
officers; for example, diversity has been included as a 
factor in the executive bonus plan for many years, and in 
fiscal 2022, diversity and inclusion again had the highest 
weighting among nonfinancial objectives. 

Read more about our approach to 
corporate governance:

Read about our compensation structure:

Framework Alignment

You will see relevant icons in various sections throughout  
this report to demonstrate where our efforts align with specific  
United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)—a 
collection of global goals intended to create a cleaner, safer, 
and healthier future for all. And you will see the Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB) logo followed by relevant 
indicators—a set of standards to guide the disclosure of 
sustainability information by companies to their investors:

SDG ICONS

SASB LOGO

Read more about how our disclosures align with these 
frameworks, along with an index for Task Force on  
Climate-related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) indicators:

For an index of Global Reporting Initiative (GRI) indicators 
that correspond to our disclosures, visit our website:

We are committed to  
operating respectfully  

and responsibly in all that we do,  
and having a meaningful, positive  
impact on all the communities  
and people we serve. 

Jennifer Cohen 
Executive Vice President,  
Corporate Social 
Responsibility,  
The Walt Disney Company

10

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingOperating Responsibly Proxy StatementData & Reporting FrameworksESG Reporting CenterSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATION

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

We maintain relationships with the stakeholders 
and communities we serve through ongoing 
dialogue. We work with a variety of stakeholders 
representing diverse perspectives—including 
consumers, employees, industry and business 
communities, nonprofit and social impact 
organizations, and shareholders—as we  
believe this can enhance our ability to identify 
opportunities and, in some cases, solutions to 
some of our most pressing challenges. We also 
engage on policy issues both directly and through 
industry associations on issues relevant to our 
businesses. Ongoing and responsive engagement 
with key stakeholders continues to inform our 
CSR strategy, goals, and initiatives.

Community Group

Examples of Engagement

Objective of Engagement

CONSUMERS

EMPLOYEES

•  Consumer surveys
•  Focus groups
•  Fan events
•  Social media interactions
•  Customer service emails and calls
•  Cause marketing campaigns 

•  Employee surveys and focus groups
•  Town halls
•  Conversations focused on topics that matter to our  

employees, like inclusion and respect in the workplace

•  Employee volunteering and giving
•  Business unit–specific initiatives (e.g., Disney Studios  

virtual executive coffees)

INDUSTRY & BUSINESS 
COMMUNITIES

•  Industry conferences
•  Industry and multi-stakeholder coalitions
•  Supplier meetings and collaborations

NGOs & SOCIAL IMPACT 
ORGANIZATIONS

•  Signature social impact initiatives
•  Campaigns (e.g., cause marketing, awareness campaigns)
•  Multi-stakeholder coalitions
•  Charitable giving
•  Employee volunteering and giving
•  Consultation on priority topics (e.g., climate change, 

human rights, diversity, environmental goals)

SHAREHOLDERS 

•  Management and Board engagement
•  Earnings calls
•  Annual shareholder meetings
•  Conferences and events

Our customer engagement approach helps us better understand what our consumers 
expect from us. For example, it helps inform how we can utilize our unique content and 
experiences to inspire millions globally to show up as a force for good in our world.

Through a variety of outlets, we participate in a two-way responsive dialogue where we 
learn what our employees value, their levels of satisfaction as well as their concerns, and 
their knowledge of and engagement with key issues at Disney. For example, in 2022 we 
surveyed employees across the enterprise. Learnings help to inform our ongoing work to 
develop programs that support and further the employee experience.

Through engagement with industry leaders and suppliers, we join efforts to create 
large-scale, industry-wide change, as well as to learn about trends and insights related 
to our specific businesses. For example, we are active participants in multi-stakeholder 
efforts to improve labor conditions in global supply chains, such as the Joint Forced 
Labor Working Group and the Business at OECD Investment and Responsible Business 
Conduct Committee.

NGOs and social impact organizations address challenges, both globally and locally. Their 
expertise and on-the-ground programs enable us to reach individuals and communities 
that need us most, such as historically underrepresented communities that we aim to 
serve through our Disney Future Storytellers program. Additionally, these organizations 
educate us on the evolving trends regarding impact areas and/or regions.

Members of management, the Board, and our Investor Relations team have a strong program 
of engagement with shareholders. For example, in calendar year 2022, our Investor Relations 
team contacted more than 95% of our largest 50 shareholders, and our Investor Relations 
team and Board held two formal rounds of shareholder engagement. This was in addition  
to regular ongoing engagement throughout the year with investors of all sizes from around 
the world. The feedback gathered during these conversations helps inform the Board’s 
thinking, including on CSR practices and disclosures.

11

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHOUR BUSINESSESSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACH

Through financial contributions, collaboration with 
nonprofit organizations, and in-kind donations, 
Disney brings positive, meaningful, and measurable 
impact to our communities around the world. Guided 
by our Charitable Giving Guidelines, we focus on 
investments that align to our CSR focus areas; 
leverage our unique resources, skills, talents, and 
expertise; and address pressing community needs. 

In the past decade, we have also matched more than 
$104 million in employee and cast member personal 
donations of money and time through Disney’s 
Matching Gifts and VoluntEARS Grants programs. 
Charitable giving highlights are included throughout 
this report.

3  Charitable giving that we report includes grants specifically 
directed toward historically underrepresented and protected 
communities, including the Asian American, Pacific Islander, 
Black, Hispanic, Native American/Indigenous, and LGBTQIA+ 
communities, as well as People with Disabilities, veterans, and 
women. We also include grants to organizations where a 
percentage of their services reaches underrepresented and 
protected communities. If the organization spends a majority of 
their efforts on these communities, we count the entire grant, 
and if the organization does not spend a majority, we count a 
proration of the grant. For grants to these two types of 
organizations, we rely on their self-reported percentages 
regarding communities served. On a sample basis, we validate 
the percentages that we report.

Charitable Giving Strategy

Our charitable giving is focused on three strategic pillars:

World of Belonging

DIVERSITY, EQUITY & INCLUSION

Grants that advance authentic representation 
and increase access and opportunity in media 
and entertainment

World in Balance

ENVIRONMENT & CONSERVATION

Grants that protect species and habitats 
and inspire kids and families to take action 
for wildlife and the planet

World of Hope

COMMUNITY

Grants that bring comfort, optimism, and 
joy to our communities and inspire hope, 
especially for children

We are committed to directing >50% of our  
annual charitable giving to programs benefiting 
underrepresented communities. In fiscal 2022,  
~60% of our ~$233 million in total cash and in-kind 
charitable contributions supported this commitment.3

12

Our ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSETTING OUR CSR PRIORITIES & STRATEGYFISCAL 2022 HIGHLIGHTSCSR OVERSIGHT & ACCOUNTABILITYSTAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT & PARTICIPATIONOUR BUSINESSESCHARITABLE GIVING APPROACHWorld of 
Belonging

We inspire a world of belonging 
through stories and storytellers who 
reflect the rich diversity of our world.

In This Section

Overview 

People 

Culture 

Content 

Community 

Transparency & Accountability 

14

15

18

19

23

28

13

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceDiversity, Equity 
& Inclusion

OVERVIEW

Disney is committed to celebrating an inclusive and 
respectful world. We create authentic and unforgettable 
stories, characters, experiences, and products that capture 
the imagination of our global audiences.

Our workplace practices help us to make progress toward 
attracting, retaining, and developing a workforce that reflects 
the diverse life experiences of our audiences and guests. 
Disney also collaborates with community organizations to 
create opportunity around the world through charitable 
giving and strategic endeavors. These efforts are described 
in the following sections that reflect our diversity, equity,  
and inclusion (DEI) focus areas: 

PEOPLE 
  CULTURE 
TRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITY 

  CONTENT 

  COMMUNITY 

Reimagine Tomorrow endeavors to inform  
employees, community organizations, and  
fans about our DEI commitments and actions.  
Learn more at our digital destination:

Our Diversity, Equity, and 
Inclusion team is working across 
the Company to inspire positive change. 
By supporting the creation of content 
and experiences that resonate with our 
ever-expanding global audiences, 
promoting diverse representation, and 
collaborating with numerous nonprofit 
organizations and cultural experts, we are 
helping Disney remain a place for 
boundless creativity and belonging. 

Latondra Newton 
Senior Vice President,  
Chief Diversity Officer,  
The Walt Disney Company

14

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceReimagine TomorrowPEOPLECULTURECONTENTCOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYOVERVIEW 
 
 
 
 
PEOPLE

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

SV-ME-260a.1

Our Intention

To make progress toward a  
workforce that reflects the market.

We are focused on engaging, developing, and 
retaining a diverse workforce and leadership team. 
When our workforce reflects the diversity of our 
consumers worldwide, we are able to better and 
more authentically serve those consumers.

Attracting & Developing Talent  
That Reflects Our Audiences 

Disney takes a meaningful and measurable approach 
to expanding our pipeline of talent, and we strive  
to follow industry best practices, including marketing 
roles on platforms that reach broad audiences; 
using respectful, welcoming language in our job 
descriptions; and forming inclusive panels to 
interview candidates. We offer optional training  
to support leaders in identifying, attracting, and 

engaging a multifaceted talent pool. We also work 
to engage, develop, and retain a leadership team  
and workforce that reflect our audiences. For example, 
we promote accessible workplaces and we strive to 
recruit, train, and integrate employees with disabilities 
in alignment with industry best practices. 

To attract and retain representative talent at the 
executive level, we invest in talent development 
programs like the Black Talent Network, which launched 
in 2020. This initiative expands exposure for Black 
talent across the Company and helps to increase 
representation in senior-level roles. Participants engage 
with senior leaders and create career plans to expand 
their opportunities within the Company, and 86% of 
Black Talent Network participants said they know the 
next steps to achieve their career possibilities. 

In fiscal 2022, we launched two new cohorts of the 
Women’s Talent Network to enhance careers for Asian 
American & Pacific Islander (AAPI) as well as Latina 
employees. One hundred participants joined the pilot 
across both programs. 

Our individual businesses also facilitate talent 
development programs. For example, Disney General 
Entertainment continues its Executive Incubator 
Program, which works to create a pipeline of the  
next generation of creative executives by providing 
participants from underrepresented backgrounds with 
experience in various aspects of the content business. 
A few additional examples of how we are building a 
robust talent pipeline are included on the next page.

Access featured stories on some of the 
people who make our content possible:

See the spotlight on our Heroes Work 
Here initiative to hire and support veterans:

86%

Learn more about talent development, 
compensation, benefits, and pay equity:

Of Black Talent 
Network participants 
said they know the next 
steps to achieve their 
career possibilities

15

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceReimagine Tomorrow: VoicesChampioning VeteransInvesting in Our PeopleCULTURECONTENTCOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYPEOPLEOVERVIEWAttracting & Developing Talent That Reflects Our Audiences (continued)

CREATING OPPORTUNITIES FOR HBCU ALUMNI

ATTRACTING DIVERSE TECH TALENT

BREAKING BARRIERS TO ENTRY

DEVELOPING DIVERSE TALENT IN ANIMATION

Now in its second year, Disney on the Yard continues 
to build a community for alumni from Historically 
Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and provide 
meaningful opportunities for HBCU students who 
dream of one day working in the entertainment field. 
The program builds on Disney’s support of HBCUs 
through scholarships and engagement with students, 
faculty, and alumni. Focused on building a robust, 
long-term pipeline of Black talent, in fiscal 2022 
Disney on the Yard launched an inaugural summer 
program in which students from HBCUs received 
unique on-the-job experience with Disney. 

Disney is working to attract wide-ranging talent to 
our technology teams. We are a proud supporter 
of The Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in 
Computing, the world’s largest gathering of women 
and nonbinary people in technology. In fiscal 2022, 
we supported the conference, both in-person  
and virtually, as a top-tier Emerald sponsor with 
more than 300 Disney representatives attending. 
Since 2020, Disney has also participated in 
AfroTech, an annual gathering of technologists 
focused on celebrating Black and African American 
community, culture, and innovation. These 
conferences, and many others, enable Disney 
to engage with prospective talent and share 
innovations and content from across the Company.

In fiscal 2022, Disney’s Lucasfilm launched the 
Get in the Door initiative, which offers a robust 
website and documentary video series showcasing 
various Disney career opportunities and how  
to build a rewarding career in the industry. The 
initiative encourages talent from underrepresented 
backgrounds to explore careers in entertainment 
production. It reaches a broad cross-section of 
audiences, allowing them to see themselves in 
these roles through a wide network of social 
platforms, presentations, and recruitment avenues.

The Walt Disney Studios supports the professional 
development initiatives of LatinX in Animation 
(LXiA), a signature program of the Latino Film 
Institute, by hosting talks to inspire artists in their 
own work and facilitating networking and hiring 
opportunities for LXiA members. LXiA is dedicated to 
uniting a talented pool of diverse innovators across 
the animation, visual effects, and gaming industries. 
Through our collaboration, talented groups of Latino 
creators are empowered to craft exceptional stories 
across multiple platforms and help bring valuable 
perspectives to our talent pipeline.

16

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceCULTURECONTENTCOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYPEOPLEOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Championing Veterans

We are honored to champion the veteran community of the United States of America.

Hiring Veterans at Disney

Promoting Veterans’ Professional Development

In 2022, Disney celebrated the 10th anniversary  
of Heroes Work Here, an innovative hiring program 
that has resulted in more than 12,500 veterans 
being hired across the Company through the end  
of 2022, and we look forward to continuing to  
grow this program. 

Launched in 2012, the program is committed to 
hiring, training, and supporting U.S. military veterans 
and military spouses while elevating awareness of 
their significant contributions as civilian employees. 
The program, which also included a supporting 
comic book from Marvel Entertainment, quickly 
surpassed its initial benchmark of providing at  
least 1,000 career opportunities for veterans by 
2015—a goal that was met in less than a year.  
And it continues to support individuals who have 
worn the uniform who are transitioning to the 
civilian workforce at Disney and beyond.

In 2013, Disney launched the Veterans Institute, a series 
of no-cost events designed to help companies enhance 
their recruiting, training, and development of veteran 
talent. The institute provides a forum for sharing best 
practices in hiring veterans and military spouses, and 
promoting skills and opportunities for a successful 
transition from the military to the civilian workforce. 

In fiscal 2022, the seventh Veterans Institute Summit,  
presented by Disney Institute and Wounded Warrior 
Project, convened 600+ organizations and challenged 
organizations and individuals to determine “what’s next” 
in hiring, training, and support programs for veterans  
and military spouses.

Learn more about our support for veterans:

Support for the U.S. Armed 
Forces is a long-standing Disney 

tradition, and our Heroes Work Here 
program continues that proud legacy. 
Employees with military service are an 
essential part of our Disney family and 
contribute immeasurably to our work of 
telling incredible stories and making 
magic. We could not be more honored to 
champion U.S. military service members 
in all lines of work here at Disney. 

Cappy Surette 
Senior Manager,  
External Communications, 
Disney Parks, Experiences 
and Products; retired U.S. 
Navy Captain; a founder 
of the Disney SALUTE 
Veteran BERG

U.S. Army Reservist and Walt Disney World 
Resort cast member Greg Jackson is one of 
thousands of employees across Disney who 
have proudly served in uniform.

17

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceGratitude & Respect for U.S. Armed Services Heroes Supply HereCULTURECONTENTCOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYPEOPLEOVERVIEWCULTURE

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Our Intention

To put the responsibility for  
an inclusive culture in the hands  
of our leaders and employees  
through comprehensive educational 
opportunities and engagement efforts.

Across Disney, we cultivate, value, and encourage 
curiosity, collaboration, and creativity from everyone 
and strive to build supportive environments that 
inspire optimism and drive innovation. We work  
to create a culture that is respectful and welcoming 
to all, including through our Business Employee 
Resource Groups (BERGs) and employee affinity 
groups, celebrations of heritage months, and 
leadership accountability and engagement.  
With the addition of a new human resources 
management system, employees in select countries 
and regions now have the option to indicate their 
pronouns. And employees also have access to 
optional DEI learning programs that help foster  
a culture that welcomes all, celebrate our unique 
perspectives, and promote respect for one another 
regardless of identity or background.

Employee-Led Groups

Heritage Celebrations

Pride Year-Round 

Disney supports affinity groups and more than  
100 BERGs, our voluntary, employee-led groups 
formed around shared identity, interests, and pursuits. 
These groups are a key component of nurturing a 
sense of employee belonging, visibility, and cultural 
understanding. Employees can network with peers, 
participate in outreach and mentoring programs, 
acquire new skills, build leadership capabilities,  
and develop their careers.

In fiscal 2022, we expanded our celebration of affinity 
months and cultural moments. We elevated the 
voices and stories of employees, talent, producers,  
fans, and families around the world; engaged employee 
VoluntEARS; amplified awareness on social media; 
and supported community organizations with social 
impact grants. For example:

• Freeform’s Put You On campaign during Black 

History Month featured Black Freeform employees, 
talent, fans, and influencers. 

• FX collaborated with the National Indigenous 

Women’s Resource Center to support an awareness 
week for missing and murdered Indigenous  
women and girls.

• On International Women’s Day, we held an executive 
speaker series on global gender equality challenges.

• During Asian American & Pacific Islander Heritage 

Month, Disney engaged experts and talent to explore 
mental health stigmas and challenges in the AAPI 
community and shared tools and resources for self-
care and allyship. 

In fiscal 2022, we formed a dedicated team  
focused on year-round LGBTQIA+ inclusion in  
our workplace, content, and community giving  
and engagement. Disney also pledged $5 million  
to organizations serving the LGBTQIA+ community 
through support for inclusive and respectful workplaces 
and authentic representation of LGBTQIA+ in media 
and entertainment. In addition, Disney became a 
Human Rights Campaign National Corporate Partner  
at the Platinum tier.

During LGBTQIA+ Pride Month, Disney employees 
participated in Pride parades in 17 cities while our 
Owned Television Stations and Hulu live-streamed 
Pride parades. Hulu was the exclusive streaming 
platform for GLAAD Media Awards and supported 
GLAAD PSAs featuring the story of an LGBTQIA+ 
teen and his family. Disney+ released Say It with Pride 
on its YouTube and Facebook channels. Additionally, 
the Disney Pride Collection was created by LGBTQIA+ 
employees and allies at The Walt Disney Company, and 
all profits from sales from the collection in June 2022 
were donated to organizations around the world that 
support LGBTQIA+ communities.

18

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalancePEOPLECONTENTCOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCULTUREOVERVIEWCONTENT

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Across our platforms, we champion storytelling that 
reflects the world around us and helps us develop 
meaningful relationships with our consumers. 

We strive to present genuine, authentic, and respectful 
storytelling. To do so, we engage individuals, families, 
and communities across the globe, and we embrace 
different perspectives in our filmmaking, both in front 
of and behind the camera.

Across the film and television industry, studios and 
organizations like the British Film Institute and the 
Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences have 
adopted policies, practices, and standards to grow 
representation and respect for all communities. In  
line with evolving industry practices, we have and  
are continuing to develop representation guidelines 
across Disney General Entertainment (DGE) content 
and Studio live-action productions.

Recent Examples of Our Inclusive Storytelling 
(pictured to the right)

Walt Disney Animation Studios’ Encanto (Academy 
Award winner), Pixar’s Turning Red, ESPN+’s exclusive 
coverage of the annual Department of Defense 
Warrior Games, ABC and 20th Television’s Emmy 
Award–winning Abbott Elementary, 20th Century 
Studios’ Prey, Marvel Studios’ Eternals and Ms. Marvel,  
Star Wars’ Andor, Hulu Originals’ This Fool, Onyx 
Collective’s The Hair Tales, FX’s Peabody Award–
winning Reservation Dogs, and Nat Geo’s  
Life Below Zero: First Alaskans. 

Encanto

Turning Red

Warrior Games

Abbott Elementary

Prey

Eternals

Ms. Marvel

Andor

This Fool

The Hair Tales

Reservation Dogs

Life Below Zero

Photo Credits: Abbott Elementary: ABC/Matt Sayles. This Fool: Courtesy of Hulu / Copyright 2023, Hulu. All rights reserved. Reservation Dogs: Courtesy of FX 
Networks / Copyright 2023, FX Networks. All rights reserved. Life Below Zero: Jody Potts-Joseph in the winter season. (National Geographic / George Ilutsik).

19

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalancePEOPLECULTURECOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCONTENTOVERVIEWFostering Diverse Talent Behind the Camera

SUPPORTING MUSLIM ARTISTS 

CREATIVE TALENT PIPELINE PROGRAM 

DEVELOPING EMERGING FILMMAKERS

AUTHENTIC & ACCURATE PORTRAYALS 

In fiscal 2022, we collaborated with the Pillars Fund  
to create the Pillars Muslim Artist Database, which 
contains profiles of actors, directors, cinematographers, 
sound technicians, and other Muslim professionals 
working in the U.S. film industry. The network is 
accessible to directors, producers, and casting directors 
who can search the profiles and invite artists to 
collaborate on their projects.

Disney’s Creative Talent Development & Inclusion 
(CTDI) team connects writers, producers,  
directors, and other creative talent from a  
variety of backgrounds to opportunities across 
DGE. In fiscal 2022, 100% of CTDI Writers and 
Directors program participants were staffed on 
DGE-scripted series. CTDI continues to provide 
direct mentorship and support to talent through 
events, networking opportunities, and coursework, 
including the DGE Writing Program, Directing 
Program, and Production Assistant Program.

Disney Launchpad: Shorts Incubator serves as an entry 
point for emerging filmmakers, including writers and 
directors, from underrepresented backgrounds and  
with varied perspectives, with the goal of making an 
original short for Disney. In fiscal 2022, Launchpad 
expanded from six directors to 12 writers and directors 
after receiving nearly 2,000 applications. Season  
Two filmmakers come from a variety of backgrounds, 
including Black, Native American, Native Hawaiian,  
and LGBTQIA+. The program, which also expanded  
to include creative executives across the Company as 
mentors, is on track to release six short films in 2023.

Disney collaborates with many leading community 
organizations to guide content creators in developing 
authentic stories and accurate cultural portrayals. These 
organizations include CAPE, GLAAD, IllumiNative, 
NALIP, National Hispanic Media Coalition, Pillars, 
RespectAbility, and the Geena Davis Institute on Gender 
in Media. In addition, in fiscal 2022 Disney collaborated 
with Gold House to launch an industry-wide media 
guide that provides resources to support creators in 
developing authentic and affirming representation of 
Asian & Pacific Islander communities.

Learn more about CTDI’s efforts:

Diversity has to be on the page 
before it can ever show up on the 

screen. With the pairing of writers and 
directors for our new season, we can’t 
wait to share a new group of thought-
provoking and creatively inspiring shorts 
that reflect the world we live in. 

Phillip Yaw Domfeh 
Senior Manager  
and Producer,  
Disney Launchpad,  
Season Two 

20

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceCreative Talent Pipeline ProgramPEOPLECULTURECOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCONTENTOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Accessible Experiences

Making Theme Parks More Accessible 

Disney wants every guest to be able to enjoy our 
experiences, and we work to adhere to accessibility 
best practices and standards. Our parks offer many 
accessible options, starting with online information 
and printed guidebooks to help guests fully experience 
the magic of the parks. Each park shares accessibility 
information on their site-specific website. 

As examples of our efforts, at Walt Disney World 
Resort, accessibility services include wheelchair/
Electric Conveyance Vehicle access, captioning, 
assistive listening, sign language interpretation, audio 
description, and more. At Disneyland Paris, we adapt 
our offerings to accommodate a range of disabilities. 
We empower guests to access all attractions based on 
their autonomy. We have integrated audio description 
services across the resort, provide a console with 3D 
printed maps for visually impaired guests, introduced 
sign language interpretation at select shows, offer 
assistive listening devices, adapted changing areas, 
adapted hotel and shuttle services, and more. We 
continue to ensure that accessibility priorities are 
taken into account for our guests and cast members. 
And at Hong Kong Disneyland, we teamed up with 
the Hong Kong Federation of Handicapped Youth  
to pilot a new accessibility training program for cast 
members. After completing the intensive training, cast 
members are appointed “barrier-free” ambassadors.

Inclusive Offerings & Experiences 

Shanghai Disney Resort celebrated International Day 
of Persons with Disabilities (IDPD) with an inspirational 
surprise, its first wheelchair flash-mob dance, where 
wheelchair dancers delighted guests with their moves. 
Additionally, since 2021, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort 
has showcased a wheelchair dance performance with 
Hong Kong Wheelchair Dance Sport Association to 
create an inclusive cavalcade for IDPD. 

Also, just in time to mark the 25th anniversary of the 
“it’s a small world” Holiday experience, the beloved 
Disneyland Resort attraction welcomed two new dolls 
in wheelchairs to better reflect the diversity of children  
across the globe. From design to installation, Imagineers 
worked closely with Resort Enhancement, Animation, 
Wardrobe, and the ENABLED BERG that advocates for 
People with Disabilities.

Learn more about accessible experiences:

Wheelchair dancers gave a spirited 
performance in Shanghai Disney Resort’s first 
wheelchair flash-mob dance in December 2021.

21

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceDisney Parks, Experiences and ProductsPEOPLECULTURECOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCONTENTOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Accessible Content

Accessibility on Our Streaming  
Platforms & Networks

We offer a range of tools and accessibility features 
across our streaming services, and we are working on 
improving offerings. Features vary by platform and 
may include tools such as audio descriptions, closed 
captioning, keyboard navigation, and interoperability 
with popular screen readers. We are committed to 
ongoing efforts to increase the accessibility of our 
content for all consumers.

In addition, ABC was recently honored by the American 
Council of the Blind with an award for Outstanding 
Achievement Audio Description Contribution for Live 
Events for their audio descriptions of live specials like 
the Oscars®.

See examples of our digital  
accessibility offerings:

Making Moviegoing More Accessible 

Marvel Studios’ First Deaf Super Hero

Disney Songs in Sign Language

Disney is exploring ways to make moviegoing more 
accessible. In fiscal 2022, we worked with KultureCity, 
a leading nonprofit focused on sensory accessibility 
and acceptance, to launch sensory-inclusive movie 
screenings that cater to audiences with sensory  
needs such as autism. Exceptional Minds, a nonprofit 
academy and post-production studio for people on 
the autism spectrum, consulted on our strategy and 
attendee experience. 

Together, we designed a moviegoing experience 
featuring trained staff, expedited check-in, reduced 
seating capacity, dimmed lighting, lowered sound, 
and sensory bags with items like noise-canceling 
headphones. In June 2022, we piloted the experience 
at the El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles, which  
has committed to hosting at least one screening 
respectful of audiences with sensory needs for  
each new major release moving forward. 

Marvel Studios’ Eternals presented an important 
opportunity to include the Deaf and Hard of Hearing 
community in Disney’s ongoing work to make content 
more accessible. Eternals’ diverse team of heroes 
features the first Deaf character in the Marvel 
Cinematic Universe, played by Deaf actress Lauren 
Ridloff. We worked with exhibitors to provide on-
screen captions, held an open-caption premiere  
with American Sign Language (ASL) interpreters,  
and hosted screenings for organizations supporting 
the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community. Exhibitors, 
including AMC Theatres and Regal Cinemas, 
announced their commitment to on-screen 
captioning for Eternals and new movie releases 
across multiple regions. 

We often adapt songs into ASL music videos so the 
Deaf and Hard of Hearing community can experience 
popular tracks from their favorite films and franchises. 
This year, the Disney Music Group collaborated with 
Deaf West Theatre on an ASL version of We Don’t Talk 
About Bruno from Disney Animation’s Encanto for 
International Day of Sign Languages. We Don’t Talk 
About Bruno and Surface Pressure were also released 
in British Sign Language (BSL).

22

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceDisney+ Help CenterHulu Help CenterPEOPLECULTURECOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCONTENTOVERVIEW 
 
 
$140M+

Charitable giving directed 
to programs supporting 
underrepresented communities4

Access additional information  
on our philanthropy:

COMMUNITY

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Our Intentions

To direct more than 50% of our  
annual charitable giving to programs 
serving underrepresented communities4  
and to spend at least $1 billion annually 
with diverse suppliers by 2024.5 

In fiscal 2022, more than $140 million (~60%) of our 
charitable giving was directed to programs that support 
Asian American and Pacific Islander, Black and African 
American, Hispanic and Latino, Native American and 
Indigenous, and multicultural communities, as well as 
women, veterans, People with Disabilities, and LGBTQIA+ 
individuals.4 Through impactful collabor ations and strategic 
community investments, we are helping to advance 
authentic representation in media and entertainment (e.g., 
the Pillars Muslim Artist Database); drive economic 
opportunity, access, and equity in the business communities 
in which we operate (e.g., Out & Equal, RespectAbility); 
create inclusive and respectful entertainment experiences 
(e.g., sensory-accessible movie screenings with Exceptional 
Minds); and empower future generations of storytellers 
and innovators (e.g., Ghetto Film School, Hispanic 
Scholarship Fund, Asian Pacific Islander American Scholars, 
American Indian College Fund). In fiscal 2022, we 
launched the Disney Future Storytellers initiative, 
described in the spotlight on the next page.

4  See footnote 3 on p. 12.

5  See footnote 7 on p. 26.

Disney employees paint a 
mural that honors LGBTQIA+ 
history and culture in East Los 
Angeles with Rainbow Labs.

23

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceCharitable Giving ApproachCharitable GivingPEOPLECULTURECONTENTTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCOMMUNITYOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Empowering the Next Generation Through Disney Future Storytellers

In fiscal 2022, we launched Disney Future 
Storytellers, Disney’s commitment to empowering 
the next generation of storytellers and innovators. 
From charitable grants and programs that provide 
inspiration and hands-on experience in arts and 
science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) 
education for school-age children, to scholarships, 
mentoring, and creative and technical skill-building 
for teens and young adults, Disney is increasing 
access to careers in the media, entertainment, 
technology, and hospitality industries for youth, 
especially for individuals from historically 
underrepresented or underserved communities.

It all starts with inspiring today’s youth to dream 
about their future by sparking an interest in 
storytelling and technology. From there, we invest 
in programs that help them build the skills they 
need to turn their dreams into reality. Finally, we 
help young adults become who they imagine they 
can be by removing barriers and expanding access 
to professional training and networks with early 
career opportunities and financial support.

We want all youth to have access to rewarding 
opportunities in our industries. It is important  
to our future success to have a workforce that is 
representative and respectful of all communities 
so that we can create successful content and 
products reflecting our wide-ranging audiences.

Dream

Build

Sparking interest in storytelling and  
technology, inspiring the next generation  
to dream about their possibilities

Supporting essential training and development programs to help youth build their talents and skills

DISNEY MUSICALS IN SCHOOLS

NEW INITIATIVES IN JAPAN AND KOREA 

PROVIDING OPPORTUNITIES IN CODING 

Disney Musicals in Schools, which builds 
sustainable arts programs in under-resourced 
public schools, was rebooted in 22 markets 
following the pandemic. Through the 
program, elementary school students and 
teachers join professional artists to produce 
their very own Disney KIDS musical on 
stage. Research conducted by Search 
Institute discovered that the program 
nurtures developmental relationships, with 
children finding a platform for connection, 
collaboration, and creative expression.6

In Japan, Disney collaborated with Junior 
Achievement and sponsored our first-ever  
program for middle school students in provincial 
areas. Students created characters and stories,  
and local Disney producers served as mentors  
to guide the students.

In Korea, in alignment with the Disney+ launch  
in November 2021, we expanded programs  
that invest in young creators. Programs support 
underprivileged children as well as teens that 
attend special-purpose schools, such as animation 
high schools.

In fiscal 2022, Disney began working with 
ChickTech, an organization committed to bringing 
gender equity to technology. We are supporting 
ChickTech’s high school program, which includes  
a free, yearlong series of technology workshops, 
mentoring, and internship connections for eighth  
to 12th grade students. Our support includes grant 
funding for the program; mentorship, networking, 
and event opportunities; and the development of  
a technical workshop with Disney technologists.

6  Search Institute

24

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalancePEOPLECULTURECONTENTTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCOMMUNITYOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Empowering the Next Generation Through Disney Future Storytellers (continued)

Become

Expanding access to our industries and empowering young adults to become who they imagine they can be

NURTURING RISING BLACK TALENT

DEVELOPING FUTURE TALENT IN EUROPE

ADVANCING A NEURODIVERSE TALENT PIPELINE

PROVIDING A BEHIND-THE-SCENES VIEW 

In fiscal 2022, Disney joined the Propel Center,  
a first-of-its-kind education hub for HBCUs, as the 
organization’s arts, media, entertainment, and 
hospitality lead sponsor. We also created the  
Disney Storytellers Fund at Howard University and 
Florida A&M University to generate opportunities  
for historically underrepresented students in media 
and entertainment. Additionally, we continued our 
long-standing work with United Negro College Fund 
(UNCF) and announced the 2022 Disney UNCF 
Corporate Scholars. Scholars receive a $5,000 annual 
scholarship, a paid summer intern ship at Disney, 
mentorship opportunities, and assistance with securing 
possible full-time roles with Disney upon graduation.

Photo Credit: Disney/Heidi Gutman

In the UK, we strengthened local collaborations  
with education, community, and industry nonprofits. 
Organizations included MAMA Youth Project, The 
London Screen Academy, Stage One, Artistry Youth 
Dance, and The Thea Barnes Legacy Fund, among 
others. In fiscal 2022, Marvel entered the second  
year of a three-year collaboration with The Prince’s 
Trust, which offers training and mentorship for young 
people in the field of product design, and released 
the “Women of Marvel: Stronger Together” collection, 
featuring clothing, bags, and more.

We made a $1 million contribution to Exceptional 
Minds in fiscal 2022 to help source, skill, scale, 
support, and sustain neurodiverse talent over  
the next three years. Our funds will be used for 
scholarships, academy faculty, career support 
services, and facilities and technology. Many of  
the program’s graduates are offered full-time 
employment at Disney, Marvel, and other studios.

Disney mentors are working with students  
in the Anaheim Union High School District 
through Anaheim’s Innovative Mentoring 
Experience. As part of an ongoing workforce 
development initiative, Disneyland Resort  
has been a key supporter of the program since  
2019, providing funding and mentorship, 
including a behind-the-scenes look at how 
business is conducted with a bit of Disney magic.

25

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalancePEOPLECULTURECONTENTTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCOMMUNITYOVERVIEWSupplier Diversity

We believe that including diverse suppliers in our 
sourcing process provides a meaningful opportunity 
to seek innovative, high-quality, and cost-effective 
business solutions, while also supporting communities. 
Last year, we set a goal to spend at least $1 billion 
annually with diverse suppliers by 2024. Reaching this 
goal would place Disney among the top U.S. companies 
that are spending with diverse suppliers and would 
impact the communities where we do business by 
creating jobs and opportunities. In fiscal 2022, we 
spent more than $800 million with diverse suppliers, 
an increase of almost 80% compared to fiscal 2021.7

Throughout fiscal 2022, the Supplier Diversity team 
worked closely with internal analytics groups to 
develop a dashboard that guides business unit leaders 
in their supplier diversity benchmarks. Internal leaders 
can access the dashboard to review their teams’ 
progress toward our diverse spending goal. This and 
other initiatives influenced the significant increase in 
diverse spending in fiscal 2022. In fiscal 2022, we also 
expanded our diversity classifications to include U.S. 
military spouse–owned businesses.

7  Supplier diversity data include Tier 1 spend with firms that  

have obtained certification from a third-party agency as being 
at least 51% owned, controlled, and operated by a minority, 
woman, disabled person, veteran, service-disabled veteran, 
veteran spouse, or lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender person. 
We validate diverse status through certification compliance 
using WBENC, NMSDC, Department of Veterans Affairs, 
NGLCC, and Disability:IN.

COLLABORATING FOR CHANGE

SUPPORTING INDUSTRY DIVERSITY

We collaborate with supplier diversity–focused 
organizations at the national, regional, and local 
levels, as well as business development organizations, 
advocacy groups, and trade show organizers. In fiscal  
2022, our Supplier Diversity and Disney Parks, 
Experiences and Products (DPEP) teams sponsored  
the Russell Innovation Center for Entrepreneurs 
(RICE) Supply Chain Accelerator pilot that helped 
Black entrepreneurs do business with industry leaders, 
large corporations, and government agencies. The 
pilot included 35 growth-stage companies—66%  
of which were women-owned—and began with a 
comprehensive gap assessment to understand needs 
and drive a detailed action plan.

Our Supplier Diversity team also began working  
with the Supplier Diversity Action Committee, an 
internal coalition of television marketing executives 
who advocate for agencies run by People of Color, 
women, LGBTQIA+ individuals, veterans, People with 
Disabilities, and others in the agency selection 
process. DGE led a committee that identified and 
created a database of more than 1,000 vendors to 
open doors to diverse businesses in the production 
and post-production categories.

Diverse entrepreneurs participated in 
sessions on storytelling, customer service, 
and supplier diversity at Walt Disney World 
Resort as part of the Company’s support 
for the Russell Innovation Center for 
Entrepreneurs Supply Chain Accelerator.

26

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalancePEOPLECULTURECONTENTTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCOMMUNITYOVERVIEWU.S. Air Force Thunderbirds air 
demonstration team flies over Cinderella 
Castle at Magic Kingdom Park at Walt 
Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, 
Florida, October 27, 2022, as a prelude to 
the beginning of National Veterans and 
Military Families Month in November.

Supplier Diversity (continued)

CHAMPIONING U.S. VETERAN– AND VETERAN 
SPOUSE–OWNED BUSINESSES

We continue to expand our commitment to the 
individuals who have worn the uniform and have  
served the United States of America. Our efforts  
for U.S. veterans and their families extend beyond  
our Heroes Work Here program with our Heroes  
Supply Here endeavor. Through this program, we 
support businesses that are owned by veterans, 
including service-disabled veterans, as well as U.S. 
military spouses. We’re committed to helping these 
communities earn the financial security they want, 
need, and deserve. By focusing our supplier efforts on 
work with veteran entrepreneurs and business owners, 
Disney has increased Company-wide spending with  
U.S. veteran– and veteran spouse–owned businesses  
to approximately $6.4 million in 2022.

Learn more about our support for veterans:

PROVIDING OPPORTUNITIES FOR WOMEN

In 2022, Disney participated in panel discussions 
and business workshops in New Orleans that 
were hosted by minority business development 
groups, including Women’s Business Enterprise 
Council (WBEC) South and the U.S. Department 
of Commerce’s Minority Business Development 
Agency. Disney also sponsored and provided 
executive support for WBEC’s National Black 
Business Pitch, an event dedicated to discovering, 
promoting, and investing in Black business talent.

Access additional information  
on supplier diversity:

27

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceChampioning Veterans Gratitude & Respect for U.S. Armed Services Supplier Diversity WebpagePEOPLECULTURECONTENTTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYCOMMUNITYOVERVIEWTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITY

FISCAL 2022  
EMPLOYEE DIVERSITY

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

SV-ME-260a.1; TC-IM-330a.3; SV-HL-310a.4 

Transparency and accountability are an important part 
of our efforts. In fiscal 2022, we increased disclosure 
of meaningful metrics by releasing a new Pay Ratio 
Disclosure dashboard, and we continued to share data 
on representation of women and People of Color in our 
workforce and in front of and behind the camera. Our 
2022 Workforce Diversity Dashboard, 2022 Content 
Representation Dashboard, 2021 EEO-1 report, and our 
adjusted Pay Ratio Disclosure are available online, and 
we intend to continue publishing these reports annually. 

~47%

Of our U.S. employees 
were People of Color

Access additional DEI data:

~51%

Of our employees 
worldwide were women

Our Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity 
Officer, Latondra Newton, leads the Company’s 
strategic DEI initiatives in partnership with 
businesses and leaders across the Company.  
The CEO Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council 
is accountable for establishing and advancing 
DEI efforts and outcomes. And the Creative 
Inclusion Council unites leaders from our creative 
teams to identify and scale practices that foster 
inclusion and respect in the creative process and 
deliver authentic and meaningful stories to our 
audiences around the world. 

All U.S.-based employees are covered by our  
Equal Employment Opportunity Policy, Prohibition 
of Harassment Policy, and our Speak Up Policy, 
which encourages employees who observe or 
suspect misconduct to speak up to provide the 
Company with the opportunity to address the  
issue. Employees outside the U.S. are covered  
by policies reflecting these principles but tailored  
to their specific region.

28

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceReimagine TomorrowPEOPLECULTURECONTENTCOMMUNITYTRANSPARENCY & ACCOUNTABILITYOVERVIEWWorld in 
Balance

We come together to help change the 
course of our planet’s story, creating a 
cleaner, safer, and healthier world for 
people and wildlife.

In This Section

Overview 

2030 Environmental Goals 

Emissions 

Water 

Waste 

Materials 

Sustainable Design 

Wildlife Care & Conservation 

30

30

31

34

35

38

39

42

29

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of BelongingEnvironment & Conservation

OVERVIEW

Disney is committed to taking meaningful and 
measurable action to support a healthier planet for 
future generations as we operate and grow our 
businesses. We are focused on putting possibility into 
practice and inspiring optimism for a brighter, cleaner, 
and healthier future—a unified commitment we call 
Disney Planet Possible. 

Our commitment to environmental sustainability 
goes back to our founding nearly 100 years ago.  
As Walt Disney himself said, “Conservation isn’t  
just the business of a few people, it’s a matter that 
concerns all of us.” Our environmental commitments, 
summarized in this report and detailed in our 
2030 Environmental Goals White Paper, represent 
some of the ways we are focused on helping to build 
on that legacy for communities around the globe, 
generation after generation. 

2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALS

In December 2020 and December 2022, we 
established a set of environmental goals that aim to 
reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions; help protect 
local watersheds; minimize waste; create products and 
packaging with environmentally preferable materials; 
and design and construct our buildings and 
attractions sustainably. 

See more information about our environmental 
goals and how we plan to achieve them:

Environmental Action  
Through Collaboration

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

We are a member of several initiatives and 
organizations, which we engage with regularly to 
support actions consistent with the Paris Climate 
Agreement and other environmental, climate, and 
conservation ambitions. These groups include:

• Association of Zoos and Aquariums 
• Business Alliance to Scale Climate Solutions
• BSR
• Business Roundtable 
• Ceres Company Network
• Clean Energy Buyers Association
• Climate Solutions working group
• Conservation Measures Partnership
• Cruise Lines International Association 
• DIMPACT
• International Union for Conservation of Nature
• Sustainable Apparel Coalition
• Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance
• Sustainable Production Alliance
• Textile Exchange
• The Chamber of Commerce Climate Task Force 
• The World Resources Institute’s Corporate 
Consultative Group and Aqueduct Alliance

• U.S. Green Building Council®
• World Association of Zoos and Aquariums

30

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White PaperEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATION2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSOVERVIEWIn alignment with our net zero emissions goal set in 
2020, as well as the Paris Climate Agreement, we 
announced in December 2022 that we are setting a 
science-based target for all our emissions—Scopes 1 
and 2 in our direct operations, as well as Scope 3 in 
our broader value chain. We plan to submit this 
target to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) 
for assessment. 

Our strategy for achieving net zero for Scope 1 and 2 
emissions by 2030 is based on the following fact-
based reduction hierarchy: 

1.   Designing our built environment to reduce  

or avoid emissions

2.   Reducing emissions through fuel and  

energy efficiency

3.   Replacing high-carbon energy sources with  

lower-carbon alternatives

4.   Investing in certified natural climate solutions

Like most companies setting aspirational Scope 3 
targets, these are challenging goals, and success 
depends on several external factors, including 
actions by our suppliers to reduce their emissions, 
global economy-wide transitions to cleaner fuels, 
availability of economically feasible solutions at 
scale, and consumer behavioral changes. Industry 
collaboration is key to addressing some of these 
challenges. See previous page for some of the 
organizations we engage with regularly.

We follow the global frameworks  
established by the GHG Protocol to  
measure Scope 1, 2 & 3 GHGs:

See more information about our  
environmental efforts:

Access emissions data:

EMISSIONS

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

TR-CL-110a.2

2030 Emissions Goals

Reduce absolute emissions from  
direct operations (Scope 1 & 2)  
by 46.2% against a  
2019 baseline

Achieve net zero emissions  
for direct operations8

Reduce Scope 3 emissions in line  
with a “well below 2°C” scenario

Purchase or produce 100%  
zero carbon electricity

Invest in natural climate solutions

8  We define “net emissions” and “net zero emissions” for our 

2030 goals as follows: “Net emissions” = Scope 1 emissions + 
Scope 2 emissions (market-based) – carbon credits. Scope 2 
emissions (market-based) include emission reductions 
attributed to utility green power purchases, power purchase 
agreements, and unbundled energy attribute certificates (EACs). 
Our approach to carbon credits can be found in our Natural 
Climate Solutions White Paper. We will have achieved our 
2030 “net zero emissions” goal when “net emissions” as  
defined above equals 0.

31

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of BelongingGHG Protocol2030 Environmental Goals White Paper2022 CDP Climate Change  Survey ResponseData & Reporting Frameworks2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONEMISSIONSOVERVIEWProgressing Toward Net Zero GHG Emissions for Direct Operations9

We are working to reduce our emissions by identifying ways to improve efficiency, reduce energy use, and use alternative low-carbon fuels.

REDUCING EMISSIONS FROM PRODUCTIONS

ENERGY-EFFICIENT UPGRADES AT THEME PARKS

USING LOWER-CARBON FUELS

NATURAL CLIMATE SOLUTIONS

Our film and television productions are working to 
reduce emissions by replacing the diesel generators 
traditionally used to power sets and instead tying into 
the grid while on location or using battery electric, 
hybrid (diesel plus battery), and green hydrogen fuel 
cell generators. For example, in 2022, battery electric 
generators, which were recharged by solar panels, 
provided power for several weeks while filming on a 
beach, and grid ties replaced diesel generators on 
backlots in London, Vancouver, and Los Angeles. 

We continue to make energy-efficient upgrades at 
our theme parks and resorts. For example, Shanghai 
Disney Resort installed a new water pump in the 
Pirates of the Caribbean attraction and added timing 
controls to outdoor fountains. Together, we expect  
to see approximately 830,000 kilowatt-hours in 
electricity savings annually. And Hong Kong 
Disneyland completed the installation of smart air 
conditioner occupancy sensors in guest rooms. This 
energy-saving feature is now in use in all three hotels.

The Disney Wish set sail in fiscal 2022 and was 
designed to be among the most energy-efficient 
cruise ships on the water. The Disney Wish was 
primarily powered by liquified natural gas in fiscal 
2022, which, when compared to traditional diesel or 
marine fuel, significantly reduces several emissions 
and pollutants.

We also invest in high-quality, verified, and rigorously 
vetted natural climate solutions that generate 
meaningful carbon reductions as well as positive 
social and economic impacts. These projects help us 
address emissions from our direct operations that 
we cannot avoid. For example, our investment with 
Proyecto Mirador provides fuel-efficient, wood-
burning cookstoves to families in rural Honduras 
and Guatemala.

Access emissions data:

9  See footnote 8 on p. 31.

32

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of BelongingData & Reporting Frameworks 2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONEMISSIONSOVERVIEWSOLAR CAPACITY

200+ 
MW

Solar capacity 
commissioned or 
announced as  
of fiscal 2022

Accelerating Disney’s Renewable  
Energy Portfolio

Disney is committed to purchasing or producing 
100% zero carbon electricity for all direct operations 
globally by 2030. We continue to research, invest 
in, and develop renewable electricity projects across 
our global portfolio. As of fiscal 2022, we have 
commissioned or announced more than 200 
megawatts of solar capacity. Examples include:

• In collaboration with the utility serving Walt Disney 
World Resort, two 75-megawatt solar facilities are 
expected to come online and are projected to bring 
the Resort’s renewable energy consumption up to 
nearly 40% of its annual total power use.

• Disneyland Paris is continuing the construction  
of approximately 50 acres of solar canopies,  
which will provide shade and shelter to more than 
11,000 parking spaces and are estimated to generate 
approximately 36 gigawatt hours of electricity  
once fully operational.

• Hong Kong Disneyland has embarked on the 

next phase of one of the largest solar panel sites 
in Hong Kong, installed at 21 different attractions 
and buildings. 

• Select operations subscribe to high-credibility green 
power programs that advance the decarbonization 
of Disney and our local communities. For example, 
Pixar is subscribed to 100% renewable electricity 
through East Bay Community Energy.

Mickey-shaped solar facility (located 
near EPCOT), which provides power to 
Walt Disney World Resort, was built 
in collaboration with Reedy Creek 
Improvement District and Duke Energy.

33

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONEMISSIONSOVERVIEWWATER

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

2030 Water Goals

Implement localized watershed  
stewardship strategies

Source sustainable seafood10

Disney recognizes that water is essential for ecosystems 
and vital for communities and our operations around 
the world. Water is a shared resource, and we know 
that the Company’s operations have an impact on 
local watershed conditions as well as on the health  
of our oceans. In keeping with the latest data  
and standards, our strategy reflects that water is a  
highly local issue, with individualized considerations 
in each geography.

See more information about our water  
conservation efforts:

Water Conservation

Watershed Investments

Sustainable Seafood

In 2022, we continued to implement site-specific 
water conservation strategies at our theme parks 
and resorts. For example, we are using artificial turf 
and are implementing a sophisticated irrigation 
control system at Disneyland Resort as part of 
drought-fighting efforts. And Disneyland Paris is in the 
process of retrofitting the showerheads in two hotels 
with new LED-lit technology heads that allow guests to 
adjust their use to help conserve water. The turbine-
powered LED lights change color based on the 
amount of water used, moving from blue to green, 
yellow, and eventually red when water use exceeds a 
certain volume. In a pilot, the new showerheads 
reduced water use by an average of 22% per room. 

We are identifying critical regional water issues and 
are continuing to collaborate with local stakeholders, 
such as industry and nonprofit organizations, to 
safeguard the overall health of watersheds as a multi-
use sustainable resource. For example, we support 
WWF-Hong Kong’s project to foster innovative 
approaches, such as the use of water buffalo, to 
conserve wetlands in the Shui Hau watershed and 
increase water security for local people and wildlife. 
We also support The Nature Conservancy’s work in 
central Florida, including efforts to address growing 
freshwater demands, enhance water quality, improve 
water supply, and reduce flood risks through green 
stormwater infrastructure.

Responsible selection and sourcing of seafood is 
important to our business, to the livelihoods of  
the fishing industry worldwide, and to the health  
of the planet for future generations. In fiscal 2022, 
our U.S. parks, resorts, and cruise line sourced nearly 
100% sustainable seafood.10 Fisheries are periodically 
evaluated for sustainability, and ratings for specific 
species do sometimes fluctuate. This affects our 
ability to source consistently to our ambitious 100%  
target. Nonetheless, our commitment to our 100%  
sustainably sourced seafood goal remains, and we 
continue to collaborate with the Sustainable Fisheries 
Partnership in their work across the supply chain  
to improve fishing and aquaculture and advance 
sustainable seafood production.

34

Access water data:

Photo Credit: WWF-Hong Kong

10  Disney’s definition of sustainable seafood can be found in our 
2030 Environmental Goals White Paper. The breakdown of 
sustainable seafood in fiscal 2022 was: 6% Best Choice, 73% 
Eco-certified, 11% Good Alternative, <1% Avoid, 9% Fishery 
Improvement Projects (FIP), and <1% Unrated.

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White PaperData & Reporting Frameworks2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONWATEROVERVIEWThe growing amount of waste produced today 
poses a threat to our environment and ecosystems, 
and to communities around the world. Disney is 
committed to working to achieve zero waste to 
landfill for our wholly owned and operated parks, 
resorts, and cruise line by 2030.11

Our long-term waste management plan includes 
permanently reducing waste on our properties, 
including food waste; reusing products and 
materials; being deliberate about material 
sourcing; maximizing recycling; reducing single-
use and other plastics; and focusing on education 
efforts with our guests and employees. 

MINIMIZING WASTE

58%

Of total Company 
operational waste 
diverted from landfill  
and incineration  
in fiscal 2022 

WASTE

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

2030 Waste Goals

Achieve zero waste to landfill for  
wholly owned and operated parks,  
resorts, and cruise line11

Reduce single-use plastics in  
parks and resorts

Eliminate single-use plastics on  
cruise ships by 2025

See more information on our waste reduction 
strategies, including plastics reduction:

11  Zero waste to landfill is defined as 90% operational  

waste diversion, including thermal waste-to-energy for  
Walt Disney World, Disneyland Resort, Disneyland Paris,  
and Disney Cruise Line.

35

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White Paper2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONWASTEOVERVIEWCostumes from Recycled Materials

Reducing Waste on Productions

Our parks, hotels, and cruise businesses are 
integrating recycled content fiber into their cast 
and crew member costumes. For example, costumes 
and set pieces in The Little Mermaid theatrical 
production aboard the Disney Wish ship are made 
from recycled plastic, with more than 50% of the 
fabric used in the production made from recycled 
materials. The fabrics were also uniquely dyed  
using a waterless printing method, saving water 
compared to traditional dyeing processes. Back  
on land, the cast members at the newly opened 
Guardians of the Galaxy: Cosmic Rewind attraction 
at EPCOT are donning uniforms designed and 
created from sustainable features—70% of each 
uniform’s base fabric is made from recycled content.

Marvel Studios’ Moon Knight series created a pop-up 
“waste garden” where recyclables and other waste  
were collected and sorted by a local company that 
provides training and jobs to people transitioning  
out of homelessness. At the studio where Moon  
Knight was filmed, we plan to set up waste gardens  
for future films. In addition, Prom Pact, a Disney+ 
Original movie, introduced refillable water stations, 
saving the equivalent of more than 40,000 single-use 
plastic bottles of water during production. As we evolve 
our COVID-19 health and safety practices in line with 
local, regional, and federal guidelines, eliminating 
single-use plastic water bottles through refillable water 
stations will once again be a focus for our studios. 

Costumes and set pieces in The 
Little Mermaid theatrical production 
aboard the Disney Wish ship are 
made from recycled materials.

3636

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONWASTEOVERVIEWReducing Food Waste

Reducing Single-Use Plastics 

From Glass to Groundcover

Our approach to reducing food waste begins with 
menu planning to predict how many meals we will 
serve in a given day in order to prevent food waste 
before it begins. When there is unused food, we 
donate it to support local communities whenever 
feasible. We also utilize composting and biodigestion, 
and convert food waste into animal feed where 
possible. For instance, we have composting pilots  
at several restaurants, and Vero Beach Resort and 
Castaway Cay have installed biodigesters to manage 
inedible food waste. 

We are committed to reducing single-use plastics  
in our parks and resorts, and eliminating single-use 
plastics on our cruise ships. For example, in fiscal  
2022, Hong Kong Disneyland replaced plastic, 
disposable food service ware items, including to-go 
containers and cutlery, with wood alternatives and 
reusable melamine. Disney Cruise Line has been 
working to eliminate single-use plastic categories  
and intends to be free of single-use plastics by 2025. 
Examples include introducing alternatives to plastic 
merchandise bags and guest laundry bags, disposable 
cutlery, cold beverage lids, and even plastic drink 
garnish sticks. In addition, to encourage the use of 
reusable water bottles, refill stations have been 
installed on all ships and Castaway Cay.

As we explore options for the responsible disposal of 
glass from Walt Disney World Resort, we are piloting 
the use of a machine that pulverizes glass into gravel 
and sand-like pieces. This material can be used across 
the property in areas such as roadbeds, golf course 
bunkers, filtration systems, sandbags, and drainage.

3737

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONWASTEOVERVIEWLimited-edition tote bags, duffel bags, 
briefcases, and pouches were made 
from a recycled tarp that previously 
covered Sleeping Beauty Castle.

MATERIALS

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

2030 Materials Goals for  
Disney-branded Products

Use recycled, certified, or verified 
sustainable paper and wood

Use plastic that contains at least  
30% recycled content or a  
lower-impact alternative material

Design packaging for reuse,  
recycling, or composting

Use recycled, sustainably sourced,  
or lower-impact alternative textiles

Ensure all facilities participate in the 
Higg Index or maintain a sustainable 
manufacturing certification

See full description of our materials goals:

To reduce environmental impacts across our consumer 
products portfolio, we identified a set of materials that 
are consistently used in high volumes and/or are known 
to have significant environmental impacts associated 
with their production and/or use. Such materials include 
paper, wood, and palm oil from forest products, as well 
as textiles and plastics. Our materials goals focus on 
reducing the environmental impacts of these materials 
while also helping our manufacturing network to become 
cleaner and safer as a whole.

Our cross-functional consumer products task force 
works to advance our materials goals and produce 
comprehensive training resources to help our global 
teams and external collaborators understand how to 
help achieve our 2030 goals. To measure progress on 
our goals, we are building new tracking systems that  
will allow us to report on select quantitative measures. 
In the interim, we will continue to provide qualitative 
updates on our progress.

Unique Upcycled Accessories

Disneyland Paris offered guests limited-edition tote 
bags, duffel bags, briefcases, and pouches for purchase, 
which were made from a recycled tarp that previously 
covered Sleeping Beauty Castle during renovation work. 
Disney worked with a French-based SMB (small- to 
medium-sized business) that specializes in the upcycling 
of materials to create these unique goods.

38

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White Paper2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTESUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONMATERIALSOVERVIEWSUSTAINABLE DESIGN

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

2030 Sustainable  
Design Goals

Design new projects to achieve  
near net zero GHG emissions,12  
maximize water efficiencies, and  
support zero waste operations13

Achieve 90% diversion of  
construction waste across new  
projects in the U.S. and Europe

Learn more about our goals for new projects 
across emissions, water, and waste:

Designing, building, and operating to avoid or reduce 
emissions, water, and waste have been core parts of 
Disney’s sustainable design strategy.

For new projects, we are integrating sustainability 
throughout the design process, promoting a culture  
of continuous improvement, and exploring innovative 
solutions. In collaboration with our various design teams 
across Disney, and leveraging the creative expertise  
of our Disney Imagineers, we follow a rigorous set of 
internal Sustainable Design Standards aligned with  
our 2030 goals. This work is critical to helping us 
achieve our emissions goals since our built environment, 
ranging from theme parks to offices, accounts for the 
majority of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions. Our approach 
to sustainable design also helps contribute to cleaner  
air, more efficient use of water, and less waste for the 
communities in which we operate.

One example from our Disney Parks, Experiences and 
Products segment (DPEP) is Lighthouse Point in The 
Bahamas—the newest addition to Disney Cruise Line’s 
island destinations—expected to welcome visitors  
in 2024. Only 16% of the site will be developed and 
much of it for low-density uses like the placement  
of beach chairs and umbrellas. The areas that will be 
developed will incorporate numerous design features 
to reduce environmental impacts, such as elevated 
walkways and structures to reduce disturbing the land. 
We are also designing to support zero waste to landfill 
as we explore innovative waste sorting and disposal 
technologies. We expect 90% of the energy demand 
to be met from renewable sources when it opens and 
for the site to be fully powered by renewable energy 
by 2030. In addition, we are developing a multi-
faceted program to educate employees, vendors, and 
guests about the role they play in protecting the site.

Concept art for Disney’s Lighthouse 
Point in The Bahamas. Disney is 
working closely with Bahamian artists 
and advisors to create a destination 
that represents the natural beauty and 
rich culture of The Bahamas.

12  See footnote 8 on p. 31. 

13  See footnote 11 on p. 35.

Artist Concept Only ©2022 Disney

39

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White Paper2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONSUSTAINABLE DESIGNOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Stories & Experiences Inspire Connections with the World We Share

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Through National Geographic, Disneynature, and  
our other content platforms, Disney enjoys a rich  
and growing library of programming that connects 
audiences with the wonders of our natural world and 
inspires action to create a cleaner, safer, and healthier 
planet. In 2022, our broad portfolio of nature-focused 
stories included Disneynature’s Polar Bear and National 
Geographic’s Explorer: The Last Tepui, Secrets of the 
Whales, and The Biggest Little Farm: The Return. 

The Environmental Media Association (EMA) Awards 
honor films and shows that increase public awareness 
of climate change, sustainability, and other environ-
mental topics in their storylines. In 2022, we won  
two EMA Awards and received 58 Green Seals and 
38 Gold Seals from EMA recognizing our efforts to 
reduce the environmental impact of production.

6 nominations, 2 wins

58 Green Seals and 38 Gold Seals

Environmental Media Association Awards, 2022

Giving Back Through National Geographic

National Geographic has been actively caring about 
our planet for well over a century. Today, National 
Geographic Partners—a joint venture between  
The Walt Disney Company and nonprofit National 
Geographic Society—continues this legacy. We 
return 27% of the net proceeds from our National 
Geographic lines of business to fund conservation, 
education, and sustainability projects. 

National Geographic Partners aims to unite, inspire, 
and support the global travel community, with the 
brightest and best minds in scientific, travel, and 
cultural exploration, sharing groundbreaking, highly 
visual storytelling.

Protecting Wildlife

We have a strong track record of protecting wildlife. 
For example, with the release of Disneynature’s 
Polar Bear in 2022, the Disney Conservation Fund 
(DCF) is supporting polar bear conservation with 
nonprofit organization Polar Bears International. 
Disney’s grant will support research of promising 
aerial radar detection to identify hidden polar bear 
dens and help protect mothers and cubs; help to 
reduce possible human–bear conflicts to keep 
both bears and people safe in the Arctic; and aid 
the preservation of polar bears’ habitats.

40

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT
SPOTLIGHT

Stories & Experiences Inspire Connections with the World We Share  (continued) 

Covering Climate News 

Earth Month Celebrations

ABC News has a dedicated climate unit. In fiscal 
2022, the unit highlighted people and organizations 
making an impact in Hidden Climate Heroes and took 
an in-depth look at the causes and risks of climate 
change in a monthlong series, Climate Crisis: Saving 
Tomorrow. The unit also teamed up with Teen Vogue 
to explore teenagers’ growing concerns about climate 
change and the effects on their mental health.

Earth Month kicked off with a conversation between 
DPEP Chairman Josh D’Amaro and the legendary 
ethnologist and conservationist Dr. Jane Goodall.  
DCF made a gift to support the work of Dr. Goodall’s 
Roots & Shoots, a program that supports young 
people working to effect positive change for the 
planet, starting in their local communities.

National Geographic India launched the year-round 
One for Change effort on Earth Day to spotlight 
change makers across India working to restore and 
preserve the environment. And National Geographic 
Latin America released a new edition of its Lo Que 
Haces Cuenta (“What You Do Counts”) campaign 
during Climate Change Day.

41

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONOVERVIEWThe Disney Conservation Fund supported 
Arizona State University’s efforts to work 
with Baja fisher communities to reduce 
the accidental catch of endangered sea 
turtles, sharks, and rays.

WILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATION

DISNEY CONSERVATION FUND 
EFFORTS SINCE 1995

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

The Disney Conservation Fund was created more than  
25 years ago to build on Walt Disney’s legacy of saving 
wildlife, inspiring action, and helping to protect the 
planet. DCF philanthropic grants have helped bring 
wildlife like California condors, green sea turtles, and 
Atala butterflies back from the brink of extinction; plant 
millions of trees in critical forests; remove tons of debris 
from the ocean; advance conservation education for 
youth; and more. 

Disney Conservation Fund has invested more than  
$120 million, along with the expertise of dedicated 
teams, in community-led biodiversity conservation 
efforts since 1995 to help protect more than  
1,000 species of wildlife and safeguard more than  
315 million acres of habitat—an area equal to more  
than 10,000 Walt Disney World Resorts. 

In fiscal 2022, the DCF made nearly $6.7 million  
in grants, supporting more than 60 nonprofit 
organizations working across 32 countries. The DCF  
also honored 20 Disney Conservation Heroes—an 
award recognizing Indigenous and local people 
dedicated to promoting a world where people, plants, 
and animals all have a thriving place to call home.

Learn more about our Disney Conservation 
efforts online:

$120M+

Invested in DCF to date

1,000+

Species of  
wildlife protected

315M+

Acres of  
habitat safeguarded

42

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of BelongingDisney Conservation2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONOVERVIEWCoral Reef Restoration

Local Wildlife Conservation

Rescuing & Rehabilitating Elephants

Sea Turtle Conservation

Disney Conservation Team Wildlife includes cast 
members working to inspire conservation actions 
and collaborating globally to share expertise and 
drive programs to positively impact wildlife and 
habitats. At Walt Disney World Resort, Team 
Wildlife monitors species diversity in our 8,000+ 
acre Wildlife Management Conservation Area to 
support statewide efforts to help preserve and 
connect key habitats. Nearby at the headwaters of 
the Everglades, we have also supported protection 
and restoration efforts at The Nature Conservancy’s 
Disney Wilderness Preserve. The preserve spans 
11,500 acres of restored wetland and upland habitats 
and is home to many native plants and animals, 
including threatened and endangered species like 
gopher tortoises and red-cockaded woodpeckers.

We continue to collaborate with a diverse group of 
coral reef management and conservation leaders to 
bring hope to the largest coral reef in the continental 
United States, the Florida Reef Tract.14 Disney 
Conservation Team Wildlife has provided leadership 
and expertise to support the Orlando-based Florida 
Coral Rescue Center. This state-of-the-art facility was 
established for gene banking and care of Florida 
corals rescued from reefs not yet affected by Stony 
Coral Tissue Loss Disease, which has put 22 coral 
species at risk of extinction. The center is the largest 
facility of its kind in the United States and is part of 
a national network coordinated by the Association of 
Zoos and Aquariums to support breeding programs 
and efforts to return coral back to the ocean. In April 
2022, the first reported spawning of rough cactus 
coral in human care took place at the Center.

14  This effort is led by the Association of Zoos & Aquariums with 
involvement from Disney Conservation, the Fish & Wildlife 
Foundation of Florida, the Florida Fish and Wildlife 
Conservation Commission, NOAA Fisheries, and SeaWorld.

Our Disney team based in India began supporting 
Wildlife SOS’s efforts in 2021 and continued support 
throughout 2022 to rescue and rehabilitate elephants 
illegally taken from the wild. To date, more than 
40 elephants have been given care and medical 
treatment at Wildlife SOS’s Elephant Hospital and 
Elephant Conservation and Care Centre, established in 
2010 and the first center of its kind in northern India. 

As part of the $5 million we have invested since  
1995 to help sea turtle conservation efforts globally,  
in 2022, the DCF supported a new mentorship  
and career training program hosted by the Sea  
Turtle Conservancy to spark passion for sea turtle 
conservation among central Florida youth from 
diverse and underserved communities. Students 
attended the 2022 Tour de Turtles event at Disney’s 
Vero Beach Resort, an annual event that helps 
researchers, conservationists, and government 
agencies gather satellite transmitter data from 
migrating sea turtles to make more informed 
decisions about conservation methods and policies.  
In fiscal 2022, our sea turtle efforts reached an 
important milestone: Disney Conservation Team 
Wildlife celebrated 1.5 million sea turtles hatched 
from nests monitored by our team at Disney’s Vero 
Beach Resort since 2003.

43

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONOVERVIEWExcellence in Animal Care

Disney’s Animals, Science and Environment team 
leads the Company’s efforts to care for animals and 
the environment, connect people to nature, and 
conserve our natural resources.

WHITE RHINOS BORN AT WALT DISNEY WORLD RESORT 

At Disney’s Animal Kingdom Theme Park, we 
celebrated the birth of the 13th white rhino born at 
Walt Disney World Resort—an important milestone 
made possible by the dedication and care of Disney 
scientists, veterinarians, and keepers. Each birth has 
been part of the Species Survival Plan for white 
rhinos, overseen by the Association of Zoos and 
Aquariums to help promote responsible breeding of 
endangered species in managed care. These rhinos 
help us learn more about this near-threatened 
species, share learnings with other institutions, and 
offer guests an opportunity to connect with incredible 
animals in person.

Disney’s Animal Kingdom celebrated 
the birth of the 13th white rhino 
born at Walt Disney World Resort.

CELEBRATING GINO’S 41ST BIRTHDAY 

In December 2021, Disney’s Animal Kingdom 
celebrated the 41st birthday of Gino, the oldest 
western-lowland gorilla at Walt Disney World 
Resort. Gino is a favorite of many guests and 
something of an icon in the zoological community. 
Due to the trusted relationship he has developed 
with Disney’s animal care team and his laid-back 
attitude, Gino has helped his keepers develop 
important techniques to care for gorillas in 
managed settings that have been modeled by 
other zoological institutions. He is one of the first 
gorillas in the world to allow his caretakers to 
perform cardiac ultrasounds without anesthesia, an 
important step in the advancement of care for his 
species, and more broadly for animal care and 
gorilla conservation globally.

44

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE & CONSERVATIONOVERVIEWWorld of Hope

We are committed to bringing 
joy, comfort, and peace of mind 
to our communities and inspiring 
hope, especially for children.

In This Section

Overview 

Children’s Hospitals 

Wish Granting 

Volunteering 

Stories of Hope in Communities  
Around the World 

46

47

51

53

56

45

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCommunity

OVERVIEW

Having a positive impact on the world as we grow 
our businesses has been a part of our Company 
since its founding. We place particular focus on 
areas where we are uniquely positioned to make 
a meaningful, measurable impact. Through our 
support of children’s hospitals and wish granting, 
as well as the contributions of thousands of 
passionate employee volunteers around the 
world, we deliver joy when it’s needed most.

At Walt Disney Imagineering,  
we make the impossible possible. 
We combine innovation and storytelling 
to bring Disney stories, characters, and 
worlds to life. Helping to reimagine  
the patient experience in children’s 
hospitals to include Disney magic has 
delivered joy when it’s needed most to 
so many kids and families all over the 
world—one of the most rewarding 
experiences of my career. 

Josh Shaver-Moskowitz 
Producer, Walt Disney 
Imagineering

46

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDOVERVIEWCHILDREN’S HOSPITALS

Since Walt Disney himself first brought animators 
to visit hospitalized children, Disney stories have 
uplifted young people facing serious illness. In 
2018, Disney announced a global commitment  
of $100 million to help reimagine the patient 
experience and deliver joy when it’s needed  
most. Since setting our commitment, and despite 
pandemic-related delays, by the end of fiscal 
2022, we had directed more than $75 million  
to our hospital initiative. 

We bring the positive power of Disney stories 
and characters to children in more than 700 
children’s hospitals and pediatric places of  
care around the world. In fiscal 2022, we 
expanded our hospital installations globally, 
while continuing to provide new Disney-themed 
Starlight Hospital Wear and products, Disney 
Movie Moments, and Disney+ access.

Reimagining the Patient Experience

Disney’s efforts in fiscal 2022 included transforming 
hospital spaces with imaginative installations like 
interactive murals, digital displays, and play spaces 
to ease the fear and anxiety of a hospital stay and 
bring comfort to patients and their families. 

• Our children’s hospital concepts and experiences 

expanded to hospitals in several U.S. states, 
Singapore, Japan, India, and eight countries across 
the Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) region. 

• Kanagawa Children’s Medical Center became the 
first hospital in Japan to offer interactive Disney 
murals that bring beloved characters and stories 
from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm to life. 

• We added wall art in two new hospitals in India. 

The installations at Holy Spirit Hospital in Mumbai 
and Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital in Varanasi 
delight and bring comfort to more than 200 
children each day.

Disney concepts were installed in Dr. von Haunerschen Kinderspital in Germany (top left), Ankara 
Bilkent City Hospital in Turkey (top right), KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital in Singapore 
(bottom left), and Kanagawa Children’s Medical Center in Japan (bottom right) in fiscal 2022.

47

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSOVERVIEWCreating Moments of Comfort

In 2022, we expanded complimentary access to 
Disney+ for the teams in children’s hospitals around 
the world who support patients. These Child Life 
Specialists have reported that Disney+ is a valuable 
tool that offers a sense of normalcy and eases stress 
during a child’s hospital stay.

Additionally, to provide a sense of community and 
comfort during a time in which children may not 
be able to visit movie theatres, we more than doubled 
the number of participating hospitals in our Disney 
Movie Moments program, with more than 225 
hospitals or places of care receiving special access  
to new movie titles from The Walt Disney Studios. 
New and existing hospitals kicked off their programs 
with a special screening of Disney and Pixar’s 
animated film Lightyear.

MOMENTS OF COMFORT

~370

Child Life Specialist 
teams provided with 
complimentary  
Disney+ access in 
children’s hospitals 
in fiscal 2022

~87%

Of participating hospitals 
that were surveyed said 
complimentary Disney+ 
and Disney Movie 
Moments access  
positively impact the 
patient experience15

A Magical Day for Children

In May 2022, Disneyland Paris invited hundreds of 
children facing serious illness and their families to 
enjoy the park’s 30th Anniversary festivities. The 
special event was planned in collaboration with 
Pièces Jaunes, part of the French Fondation des 
Hôpitaux, whose mission is to improve the conditions 
of hospitalized children and adolescents. Guests were 
joined by French First Lady Brigitte Macron, who is 
President of the Fondation des Hôpitaux, and Didier 
Deschamps, French national soccer team manager 
and godfather of Pièces Jaunes.

15  Survey by Starlight Children’s Foundation® in January 2023 of 

hospitals or pediatric places of care that are in Starlight’s network.

48

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Delivering Joy Through the Power of Disney Characters and Stories

Disney’s collaboration with Starlight Children’s 
Foundation®—a nonprofit dedicated to delivering 
happiness to seriously ill children and their families—
continues to bring moments of joy and comfort during 
hospital stays and challenging moments. More than 
500 hospitals in the United States and Canada 
received Disney-themed Starlight Hospital Wear, toys, 
books, and games in fiscal 2022, and we continue to 
focus our donations on the medically underserved and 
vulnerable populations that need it most. Disney, Pixar, 
Marvel, Lucasfilm, and ESPN Starlight Hospital Wear 
collections provided patients with their choice of fun 
and comfortable clothing to wear during their 
hospital stay. 

May the 4th Be With You

Bringing Movie Magic to Hospital Gowns 

Delivering Smiles 

Our May the 4th celebration helped distribute 
lightsabers, adaptive costumes designed for children 
in wheelchairs, and more to hospitals around the U.S.

Pixar-themed Starlight Hospital Wear, inspired by 
iconic characters including those from Disney and 
Pixar’s The Incredibles, Buzz Lightyear and Jessie from 
Toy Story, and Russell from Up, were offered to all 
hospitals within Starlight’s network for the first time. 
Additionally, QR codes printed on the gowns provide 
an immersive experience for patients.

Marvel-themed toys, books, and games were delivered 
to children’s hospitals nationwide in August 2022. 
Patients at Texas Children’s Hospital were delighted 
by a special Spidey and his Amazing Friends event with 
the voice talent of Hulk himself visiting.

49

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSOVERVIEWImproving the Patient Experience:

Disney Institute has trained more than 23,000 
hospital workers since 2018. In fiscal 2022, experts 
from Disney Institute again held training sessions for 
KK Women and Children’s Hospital (KKH) in 
Singapore. The course focused on training hospital 
staff to create compassionate connections and 
meaningful moments with patients through three 
service principles: Serve with Heart, Reach Higher, 
and Own It. More than 5,000 KKH employees and 
leaders from multiple departments were in attendance. 

Learn more about Disney Institute:

DISNEY INSTITUTE TRAINING

23K+

Hospital workers  
trained since 2018

5,000+

Attendees at KKH’s 
training in 2022

50

A young patient looks at Magic 
Art, a delightful digital screen that 
sparks to life with favorite characters 
delivering inspirational messages.

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingDisney InstituteWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSOVERVIEWWISH GRANTING

Disney supports children beyond their hospital 
stays by helping grant life-changing Disney wishes 
for children when they need it most. Together with 
Make-A-Wish®, Disney has helped grant more 
than 145,000 magical wishes since 1980. Annually, 
we grant thousands of wishes in collaboration with 
wish-granting organizations around the globe. We 
are committed to helping kids feel like kids rather 
than patients by sharing unforgettable moments 
with their families. After a hiatus due to pandemic 
restrictions, in-person wish granting has made a 
gradual return.

MAKE-A-WISH

145K+

Magical wishes granted 
with Make-A-Wish  
since 1980

Joy for Children Who Need It Most

Granting Wishes Around the World

The Walt Disney Company UK & Ireland, Make-A-Wish 
UK, and The Kentown Wizard Foundation collaborated 
for a second year to provide magical Disney wish 
experiences for children with critical illnesses. In 
2022, they granted more than 225 wishes and 
included children from Make-A-Wish Ireland. Disney 
VoluntEARS gave their time and skills, contributing 
more than 1,100 volunteering hours to these wish 
efforts. In addition to Disney experiences, the event 
also featured accessible activities such as a carousel 
for kids of all abilities to share everyday family 
moments together.

Wish granting has resumed at all of our theme 
parks around the world, as well as at Aulani Resort 
and Walt Disney Imagineering. In 2022, wish 
families were given a special sneak peek of the 
Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser at Walt Disney 
World Resort before it opened to the public.  
And in China, in celebration of the fifth anniversary 
of Make-A-Wish Shanghai, Disney committed 
funds to support the construction of a wish room 
at Shanghai Children’s Medical Center. A wish 
room, run by Make-A-Wish staff and volunteers, 
supports medically eligible children through the 
wish-granting process.

51

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDWISH GRANTINGOVERVIEWSports Stars Delivering Joy

Movie Premiere Wishes 

A Very Special Bon Voyage 

ESPN’s My Wish series has returned to SportsCenter. 
The award-winning series has collaborated with 
Make-A-Wish since 2006 to fulfill 75 sports-themed 
wishes for children with critical illnesses. In fiscal 
2022, wishes featured Patrick Mahomes of the Kansas 
City Chiefs, Klay Thompson of the Golden State 
Warriors, Austin Riley of the Atlanta Braves, and the 
NFL’s New York Giants.

In July 2022, two Make-A-Wish kids and their families 
sat front row as stars walked the blue carpet into the 
premiere of ZOMBIES 3, a Disney+ Original movie 
from Disney Branded Television. The children also 
got to meet with stars after the movie.

Disney Cruise Line’s newest ship, the Disney Wish, 
debuted with the help of wish kids. During the 
ceremony, three Make-A-Wish ambassadors—
Colby, 10; Megan, 16; and Jenna, 13—symbolically 
bestowed good fortune on the vessel and its 
passengers. All wish kids, including past, present,  
and future wish recipients, will be honored as the 
ship’s “godchildren,” redefining the long-standing 
maritime tradition of appointing a ship “godmother.”

A child’s heartfelt wish can mark a turning point 
in their treatment, giving them strength, joy, and 
a greater sense of hope for their future.

52

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDWISH GRANTINGOVERVIEWVOLUNTEERING

Volunteering is a central and enduring part of  
our Company’s culture and at the heart of our 
community engagement efforts. 

Through our Disney VoluntEARS program, the 
Company encourages passionate employees in  
every community to donate their time and talents  
to their local communities. Since the program  
was started nearly 40 years ago, our employees  
and cast members worldwide have collectively 
contributed nearly 13 million hours of service to 
their communities. Additionally, the VoluntEARS 
Grants program lets employees direct donations  
to eligible nonprofits of their choosing as a benefit 
for the time they spend volunteering. 

In fiscal 2022, we enhanced VoluntEARS Online, our 
in-house tool that promotes volunteer opportunities 
tied to our signature programs and campaigns.  
We also enhanced the Disney VoluntEARS Grants 
program to make it easier for VoluntEARS to be 
able to direct donations for their hours volunteered 
throughout the year. 

DISNEY VOLUNTEARS

~13M

Service hours  
contributed worldwide 
over nearly 40 years

400+

Keeping Our Beaches Clean

Protecting Butterflies

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

VoluntEARS planted 
butterfly-friendly 
environments to  
increase monarch 
populations in 2022

Several of our businesses supported beach cleanup 
events in fiscal 2022. In honor of World Ocean  
Day on June 8th, 30 Disney VoluntEARS and family 
members took part in a beach cleanup in Guangzhou, 
China. The team worked together to positively impact 
the planet and teach children at the event about the 
ocean and the importance of protecting the magic of 
nature. For International Volunteer Day, VoluntEARS 
from Shanghai Disney Resort supported beach 
cleanup in Chongming Island, Shanghai.

Western monarch butterflies have seen dramatic 
declines, and while populations have slightly 
rebounded recently, they have lost more than 90% 
of their population since the 1980s.16 Habitat loss  
is one of the critical drivers of this decline. To help 
increase the population, more than 400 Disney 
VoluntEARS across the United States planted 
butterfly-friendly backyard environments in 2022.

Read more about Disney’s conservation efforts:

16  Xerxes Society

53

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWorld in Balance CHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDVOLUNTEERINGOVERVIEWD23 EXPO HONORARY 
VOLUNTEARS

~$250K

Donated to  
charities thanks to  
D23 Expo honorary 
VoluntEARS

Giving Back at D23 Expo

Throughout a long-awaited D23 Expo near Disneyland 
Resort—a three-day event for Disney fans showcasing  
what is happening at Disney and what fans can expect 
in the coming years—guests visited the Inspire a Better 
World pavilion to explore Disney’s social responsibility 
projects and participate as honorary Disney VoluntEARS.

During the D23 Expo, guests:

• Designed more than 5,500 cards of encouragement for 
children with critical illnesses. For each card designed, 
we donated $5 to Make-A-Wish.

• Helped support our Avatar: The Way of Water “Keep  
Our Oceans Amazing” initiative by designing almost 
4,000 Avatar-inspired ocean creatures. For each ocean 
creature created, we gave $5 to The Nature Conservancy.

• Cast approximately 5,100 votes to help DonorsChoose 
allocate a Disney grant to support reading and creative 
writing, visual arts, STEM, music and performing arts,  
and sports in public schools nationwide. This funding  
was part of Disney Future Storytellers, described in  
more detail on pages 24–25.

Special Care Packages

Volunteering: Challenge Accepted

In South Korea, VoluntEARS prepared 200 
Winnie the Pooh–themed gift packages, which 
were delivered to children of families from 
under-resourced communities.

During Walt Disney World Resort’s 50th Anniversary, 
Disney VoluntEARS were invited to take part in a 
50 for 50 Challenge. Hundreds of VoluntEARS 
participated in this challenge to personally attain 
50 volunteer hours and attend 50 VoluntEARS 
events during the 18-month-long celebration.

54

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDVOLUNTEERINGOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Gratitude & Respect for U.S. Armed Services

Disney has a long track record of respect and 
appreciation for the U.S. Armed Services, which  
began with the Company’s founders, who both  
served their country during World War I. We 
recognize the commitment and dedication of military 
service and value the leadership skills and sense of 
purpose the military instills in its service members  
and in society. We are honored to support active U.S. 
military, veterans, and their families in many ways 
across our Company.

Learn more about our support of veterans:

Supporting Blue Star Families

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

In fiscal 2022, Disney collaborated with Blue Star 
Families to host the 20th Blue Star Books event 
with a reading by First Lady Dr. Jill Biden. The 
event was part of the White House’s Joining Forces 
initiative to support military and veteran families, 
caregivers, and survivors. 

Supporting the Marine Toys for Tots Program 

Disney’s relationship with the Marine Toys for Tots 
Program began in 1947, when Walt Disney and his 
animators designed the original Toys for Tots train  
logo that is still used today. Since then, Disney has 
supported Toys for Tots to help bring toys to millions  
of children in need during the holiday season. In fiscal 
2022, through the Disney Ultimate Toy Drive, more 
than 160,000 toys were collected at our sites, events, 
and through dedicated segments on our TV networks. 
Employees donated more than 20,000 of these toys 
and contributed more than 4,000 hours of service as 
part of the Disney VoluntEARS program.

2022 Department of Defense Warrior Games 

The Department of Defense Warrior Games, hosted by 
the U.S. Army’s Training and Doctrine Command, 
celebrates the passion, resiliency, and dedication  
of wounded, ill, and injured active duty and veteran  
U.S. military service members. Hundreds of elite 
athletes, including those from international allied 
nations, compete in adaptive sporting events such  
as wheelchair basketball, cycling, indoor rowing,  
and sitting volleyball, among other sports. In fiscal 
2022, Disney donated use of the ESPN Wide World  
of Sports Complex at Walt Disney World Resort to 
serve as a Warrior Games venue for the first time.

These courageous service 
members, injured during their 
military duty, have demonstrated their 
resilience and an ability to overcome 
unthinkable obstacles. They are the 
truest definition of the warrior’s spirit, 
and we were honored to welcome 
them to the Warrior Games at ESPN 
Wide World of Sports this summer. 

Jeff Vahle 
President,  
Walt Disney  
World Resort

Disney has supported the Marine 
Toys for Tots Program since 1947 to 
help bring toys to millions of children 
in need during the holiday season.

55

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingChampioning VeteransHeroes Supply Here CHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDOVERVIEWSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLD

Supporting Hunger Relief

Supporting Cancer Research 

Supporting Disaster Relief

Supporting Children and Families in Ukraine

Over the past decade, Disney has collaborated  
with Feeding America to improve access to 
nutritious meals. This year, in addition to supporting 
30 Feeding America member food banks to help 
increase access to fresh produce for communities 
that need it most, Disney also supported Feeding 
America’s efforts in response to Hurricane Ian. In 
addition, Disney continues to help alleviate food 
insecurity by supporting hunger relief organizations 
worldwide. For example, in Latin America, Disney 
supports the work of the Global Food Banking 
Network and the efforts of food banks in Argentina, 
Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico.

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

The V Foundation for Cancer Research was founded 
in 1993 by ESPN and the late Jim Valvano, legendary 
North Carolina State basketball coach and ESPN 
commentator. In fiscal 2022, with support from  
ESPN fans, employees, and partners, more than  
$13 million was raised during V Week—a record-
breaking amount—to support the V Foundation’s  
fight to achieve Victory Over Cancer.

Together with the 2022 ESPYS fundraising and 
other events, ESPN raised more than $27 million, 
bringing the total that ESPN has helped raise to 
nearly $170 million for the V Foundation since its 
inception in 1993.

Disney provides emergency relief and supports 
recovery efforts in communities worldwide. We 
continue to support several organizations, including 
UNICEF, the American Red Cross, and Good360.  
In fiscal 2022, our disaster relief included supporting 
Hurricane Ian recovery efforts, addressing the  
impacts of wildfires in Argentina, supporting children 
and families in Ukraine, and providing short-term 
monetary assistance to employees experiencing 
hardships—including those impacted by Hurricane 
Ian—through the Employee Relief Fund.

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

We have worked with UNICEF for many years, and when 
the humanitarian crisis began in Ukraine, we leveraged our 
media platforms to support UNICEF in helping families 
displaced by the conflict. ABC News coverage and on-air 
mentions across our networks drove thousands of viewers 
to UNICEF’s website, raising more than $3 million in a few 
weeks. ABC News’s David Muir also led coverage on the 
crisis, anchoring special editions of World News Tonight 
from the Ukraine–Poland border and anchoring a special 
report on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

In addition to providing support to nonprofits, our 
employees rallied to support those affected and displaced 
into neighboring countries through our Matching Gifts 
program and volunteering events. Disney VoluntEARS  
in the EMEA region packed supplies, prepared food,  
and created temporary Disney-themed playrooms. The 
Company and employees also provided Ukrainian-dubbed 
screenings of Disney Animation’s Encanto and Raya  
and the Last Dragon, Disney and Pixar’s Luca, Ron’s Gone 
Wrong, and other titles for Ukrainian children and families 
through community nonprofits.

56

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDOVERVIEWMagic of Storytelling

First Book is a nonprofit organization dedicated to 
removing barriers to educational equity by providing 
free and affordable new books and educational 
resources to educators who serve children in need.  
In fiscal 2022, we donated more than 3 million books  
to First Book, and since 2000 we’ve distributed more 
than 90 million books to help inspire the next 
generation of storytellers. 

Since 2012, we have also collaborated with First Book 
to distribute books to under-resourced educators and 
children through the Magic of Storytelling campaign. 
Take a behind-the-scenes look at how we inspire 
imagination and a lifelong love of reading.

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Disney VoluntEARS helped distribute 
books at a donation event.

FIRST BOOK DONATIONS

3M+

Books donated in  
fiscal 2022

90M+

Books distributed since 
2000 to help inspire 
the next generation 
of storytellers

Encouraging Youth in India

In fiscal 2022, we worked with CARE India to empower 
1,400 adolescent girls across 10 schools in Mumbai, 
helping them realize their potential to lead a better  
life. The program has established 18 vibrant community 
learning centers that give girls a space outside of school 
to learn and hone their vocational skills. We also worked 
with the Parivaar Education Society in India to support 
400 girls with education, boarding, food, medical 
assistance, sports and recreation, clothing, and more.  
In addition, with Yuva Unstoppable, we’ve helped create 
a holistic learning environment for students across 12 
schools by providing resources for science labs, sports, 
arts, and technology (such as tablets).

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

57

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDOVERVIEWSPOTLIGHT

Inspiration & Hope Through Sports

Superhero Series

Access to Sports

Superhero Series is the UK’s only sports event 
dedicated to the nation’s approximately 14 million 
People with Disabilities. The family-inclusive  
event has been powered by Marvel for the past four  
years. During this time, and despite the pandemic, it  
has seen 11,000 Superhero participants and 9,800 
Sidekick volunteers take part in its signature events, 
including Superhero Tri, Winter Wonderwheels, and 
At-Home Superhero Challenge, and raised more than 
$1 million for local charities.

ESPN continues to support the Special Olympics  
USA Games. In fiscal 2022, more than 5,500 athletes 
and coaches from all 50 states and the Caribbean 
united for a week of competition, sportsmanship,  
and fun at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex  
at Walt Disney World.

Additionally, ESPN’s Access to Sports initiative  
works to provide children from all backgrounds  
with the chance to play. For example, one program 
supports the United States Tennis Association 
Foundation’s National Junior Tennis & Learning 
network. It promotes the power of tennis and 

provides direct support for tennis and education 
programs that serve youth of color in eight chapters in 
four major cities. In Latin America, ESPN codeveloped 
the campaign Historias que Inspiran (Stories that 
Inspire) with the Disney Princess franchise, featuring 
short videos with four athletes sharing their personal 
journeys. When the videos achieved five million views, 
we donated $100,000 to Coaches Across Continents, 
which supports access to sports-related educational 
programs in vulnerable communities. This donation 
built on an annual grant and long-term relationship 
with the organization in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, 
Colombia, and Mexico.

UEFA Playmakers Inspired by Disney

The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) 
and Disney teamed up to launch the Playmakers 
program in 2020, bringing together the magic of 
Disney storytelling with the latest research on the 
benefits of play-based learning.

Providing a fun and safe introduction to football  
for five- to eight-year-old girls, Playmakers was 
operating in 44 countries as of fiscal 2022, with  
nearly 38,000 girls having taken part across Europe.  
It teaches important movement and life skills, creates 
friendships and confidence among girls, and inspires  
a lifelong love of the game.

58

World of HopeOur ApproachIntroductionInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCHILDREN’S HOSPITALSWISH GRANTINGVOLUNTEERINGSTORIES OF HOPE IN COMMUNITIES AROUND THE WORLDOVERVIEWInvesting in 
Our People

Disney is home to some of the most 
exceptional, extraordinary people. We are 
where creativity meets opportunity and 
careers are a journey of accomplishment 
and celebration. We are a welcoming home 
for talent of all kinds, from animators to 
engineers to zookeepers and many roles  
in between. We work together, and thrive 
together, in making Disney one of the 
world’s most recognized, respected, and 
well-regarded entertainment companies.

In This Section

Talent Management Strategy 

Employee Feedback & Recognition 

Safety, Health & Well-Being 

Talent Development 

Comprehensive Rewards Package 

60

61

62

64

66

59

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGY

For nearly 100 years, Disney employees and cast 
members have made Disney a leading global 
entertainment company. Disney is a place where 
careers are a journey of creativity, accomplishment, 
and celebration, and where everyone is respected. 

Our Chief Human Resources Officer, Paul Richardson, 
continues to lead our human capital management 
strategy and reports directly to our CEO. He regularly 
updates our Board of Directors on topics such as 
talent development and employee engagement and 
is directly supported by a variety of dedicated human 
resources functions across our businesses, content 
engines, and regions. Our approach focuses on 
attracting, engaging, developing, and rewarding a 
talented, diverse team while providing a respectful, 
collaborative, and safe work environment.

We move into our second century 
knowing that the extraordinary 

talent, diversity, and creativity of our teams 
around the world is what brings our stories 
and experiences to life. When we come 
together as a unified team, leaning into 
imaginative new ideas, we’re able to build 
on our legacy of excellence with integrity 
and an inclusive mindset. 

Paul Richardson 
Chief Human  
Resources Officer,  
The Walt Disney Company

60

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGETALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITION

We foster a culture where our employees can thrive, both personally and professionally, and seek 
to create a work environment that inspires optimism, creativity, collaboration, and innovation.

Understanding Employee Needs

Celebrating and Uplifting Our Employees

We actively listen to and learn from our employees, 
share their stories, and incorporate their ideas and 
feedback into our activities, policies, and processes.

• Throughout fiscal 2022, employees across the 

enterprise were surveyed at different points in time. 
We found that engagement levels were very high 
and that employees have pride in working for 
the Company.

• In addition to surveys, we hosted diversity, equity, 
and inclusion executive Coffee Talks with nearly 
1,500 registrants in fiscal 2022. Feedback from 
Coffee Talk sessions was a driver of our new senior 
leadership development experience, Disney IGNITE 
(described on page 65), which hosted its first two 
sessions in 2022.

We recognize outstanding work by our employees 
in several ways.

• In fiscal 2022, Disney continued to offer RecognizeNow!, 
a digital platform that enables employees to appreciate 
and recognize their peers around the world.

• A new Mobile Cast Compliment feature was introduced in 
fiscal 2022 in the My Disney Experience and Disneyland 
mobile apps, enabling guests visiting Walt Disney World 
and Disneyland Resort to submit digital recognition to  
cast members who made their visit memorable. Since  
we added the feature, more than 450,000 compliments 
have been sent to our cast members by guests. 

• At our Disney Parks, Experiences and Products segment, 
the Legacy Award also continues. The Legacy Award is the 
highest honor a cast member can receive for embodying 
Walt Disney’s legacy of excellence in dreaming, creating, 
and inspiring in the workplace. In 2022, 745 employees 
and cast members across the globe received this 
prestigious honor. 

EMPLOYEE RECOGNITION

700K+

Employee recognitions sent 
through RecognizeNow!  
in fiscal 2022

745

Employees and cast 
members honored by the 
Legacy Award in 2022

Learn more about how 
we champion inclusion 
for our employees:

61

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWorld of Belonging TALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGEEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEING

UNIFIED SAFETY COUNCIL’S 
ANNUAL SAFETY AWARDS

We strive to provide a safe, healthy, and 
respectful work environment where employees 
have the support they need and the peace of 
mind they deserve.

5

Safety Awards won  
in 2022

12

Years of continuous 
recognition

Workplace Safety

The safety of our employees is a top priority in the 
decisions we make. We promote a culture of safety 
through numerous quality assurance programs and 
internal safety standards, and our Standards of Business 
Conduct provide the process to report safety concerns 
and incidents. Employees can report a concern by 
calling our Global Security Communications Center  
or an anonymous safety line, or by making a report 
online through our internal system called The 
Guideline. Many operating areas also have a Safety  
and Wellness Committee that can assist employees  
in sharing or reporting concerns. 

We have dedicated safety professionals in areas 
including food safety, ride safety, occupational safety, 
public health, and training and development. As an 
example, Disney Parks, Experiences and Products’ 
Safety Champions help engage their teams in safety 
and wellness programs, processes, and culture, and 
assist in the oversight and implementation of safety 

and wellness initiatives. To help minimize workplace 
safety risks, we offer employees and cast members  
a variety of required and voluntary safety trainings.  
This includes Safety and Wellness Leadership in Action, 
focused on accident prevention, and Improve Your 
Move, focused on ergonomics. And the Company’s 
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Matrix is updated 
regularly, detailing appropriate PPE required for 
specific work tasks alongside helpful visuals.

In fiscal 2022, four individual cast members and one 
team at Walt Disney World Resort were recognized  
at the Unified Safety Council’s (USC) Annual Safety 
Awards for ingraining safety and wellness into everyday 
park culture. USC is a nationally recognized safety 
training and educational organization, and this win 
marks the 12th year in a row that Walt Disney World 
locations and/or individuals have been recognized.

62

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGESAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGA cast member enjoys yoga at  
Hong Kong Disneyland as part of 
our efforts to support employee 
well-being and mental health. 

Mental Health

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Employee Well-Being

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Disney prioritizes destigmatizing mental health 
challenges and breaking down barriers to access 
resources and care. 

• We offer a variety of easy-to-access and innovative 

programs for employees and cast members, including 
access to counselors, meditation, and mindfulness 
activities, as well as tips for building resilience and 
getting more restful sleep.

• We continue to offer our Employee Assistance 

Program (EAP), which is available to all employees, 
cast members, and their family and household 
members. Our EAP provides 24/7 support and 
connects participants directly to a licensed network 
therapist at no cost. 

• Employees have access to Headspace, where they can 
follow guided meditations, animations, articles, and 
videos on topics like meditating and mindful eating.

• The Disney Healthy Pursuits Wellness Team also 
hosts BrainBreaks, which are virtual activities to  
help employees stay on top of their health. 

• In 2022, Disney won a Best Employers: Excellence in 

Health & Well-Being Award from the nonprofit Business 
Group on Health for our health and well-being benefits.

We hosted our first Global Well-Being Week in 
2022, spotlighting the wide-ranging physical, mental, 
and financial benefits we offer, while also providing 
employees with easy ways to take advantage of  
the benefits. As a special offering in fiscal 2022, 
Disney provided Recharge Days for eligible U.S. and 
international employees. These additional paid days 
off provided a shared-time-off experience, allowing 
teams to disconnect from work, email, and calls, all  
on the same days.

Employees are also able to connect with health 
coaches to learn how to get and stay healthy, 
including by developing a nutrition and physical 
activity routine. With access to easy-to-use digital 
resources like Grokker and LifeCare, employees  
can watch videos and read articles on relaxation 
techniques, managing work/life balance, and more. 

In 2022, we continued to promote our new Center  
for Living Well—Gaea Center for Gynecology, 
Maternity, and Fertility—in Orlando. The center 
provides employees, cast members, and their partners 
with comprehensive, connected, and compassionate 
care to help navigate their family-building journeys.

63

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGESAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGTALENT DEVELOPMENT

EMPLOYEE LEARNING 
THROUGH TOP PLATFORMS

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

We are committed to the ongoing development of 
our workforce, offering an array of opportunities 
that enable our employees to be the best versions 
of themselves and make the most of their careers 
at Disney, no matter their individual aspirations.

Onboarding New Talent

Following Disney Beginnings, one of our  
orientation sessions, new hires attend the  
Disney Beginnings Expo, a new virtual offering  
that creates connections and illustrates the many 
uniquely-Disney programs and experiences 
available to them, such as Disney VoluntEARS. 

Access information on Disney VoluntEARS:

~1.8M

Times self-directed  
offerings were consumed 
through D Learn, Harvard Spark,  
Harvard ManageMentor,  
and Harvard Leading Edge  
in fiscal 2022

~440K

Times instructor-led offerings 
were taken through  
D Learn in fiscal 2022

Employee Learning Platforms

We support the growth and development  
of our employees and cast members through  
online and in-person learning tools and programs  
designed to support employees both personally  
and professionally—regardless of where they  
are in their careers. The top platforms used by 
employees in fiscal 2022 included:

D LEARN 

D Learn is the primary learning tool for Disney  
employees around the globe. Employees can  
complete both required training (e.g., Standards 
of Business Conduct) and optional learning 
opportunities. D Learn offers online and in-person 
courses, and offerings include self-directed as  
well as instructor-led training.

• Instructor-led offerings were taken almost 

440,000 times in fiscal 2022, from required new-
hire orientations to optional leadership learning
• Self-directed offerings were consumed more than 

1.5 million times in fiscal 2022

• Top learning items included: Workday Navigation, 
Disney Leader Essentials, and Our Commitment 
to the Company and Our Shareholders

HARVARD SPARK

Harvard Spark offers employees learning and 
development content tailored to their unique 
aspirations and personal preferences, meeting them 
exactly where they are on their career journeys.

• Self-directed offerings were consumed more than 

208,000 times in fiscal 2022

• Top learning items included: Your Career Path and 

Raise Your Emotional Intelligence

HARVARD MANAGEMENTOR 

Harvard ManageMentor offers a customized  
experience similar to Harvard Spark, specifically 
geared to our leadership teams and those seeking 
management skill development. 

• Self-directed offerings were consumed nearly 

20,000 times in fiscal 2022

• Top learning items included: Presentation Skills  

and Leading People

HARVARD LEADING EDGE 

Harvard Leading Edge is a learning platform for 
leaders and aspiring leaders that consolidates 
reputable publications on topics ranging from 
corporate social responsibility to hiring to 
innovation, and more.

• Self-directed offerings were consumed nearly 

9,000 times in fiscal 2022

• Top learning items included: How to Succeed 

Quickly in a New Role and The Virtual Work Skills 
You Need—Even If You Never Work Remotely 

64

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWorld of Hope TALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGETALENT DEVELOPMENTLeadership Development

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

In fiscal 2022, we launched Disney IGNITE, a  
new multi-month virtual learning experience for 
senior managers, directors, and vice presidents that  
is focused on empowering them to be more confident 
in leading with care and a people-first mindset. 

In the first session, 640 leaders participated  
from North America; Latin America (LATAM); and the 
Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) region, across 
all businesses. The second session of IGNITE—for 
leadership teams across the Asia Pacific (APAC) 
region—began in late 2022, and we plan to continue 
offering IGNITE to even more leaders in the future. 

ADDITIONAL EXAMPLES OF LEADERSHIP DEVELOPMENT 
PROGRAMS INCLUDE:

• We continued our Disney Leadership Essentials program, 
which reached more than 1,080 leaders across the U.S., 
EMEA, LATAM, APAC, and India. Post-program surveys 
showed that 100% of participants took at least two 
actions as a result of participating. 

• At Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (DPEP), 

high-potential senior managers and directors engaged 
in our cohort-based Leadership Immersion Program, 
which works to accelerate participants’ readiness for 
critical positions. 

• We increased our mentoring programs from 13 to  

35 across Disney in fiscal 2022. Enrollment in these 
programs increased by 44% and mentoring hours 
increased by 25% from fiscal 2021. As examples, we 
launched the Mano a Mano mentoring program to 
champion the professional development of Florida  
cast members; Disney General Entertainment launched  
a new mentoring program and Career Development 
Office; and our Enterprise Mentorship Program—
focused on Finance, Technology, CSR, and other  
topics—had more than 1,900 individuals enrolled  
in fiscal 2022, the seventh year of the program.

Learn about additional talent development 
programs, such as our Black Talent Network  
and Women’s Talent Network: 

DISNEY IGNITE

~90%

Of participants strongly 
agreed that IGNITE was 
worth the time and effort 
they put into it

~85%

Of participants were 
able to identify specific 
actions they could take to 
improve as leaders as a 
result of IGNITE

65

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWorld of Belonging TALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGETALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGE

accounting for factors such as role, experience,  
or location) in 2024. We are also working toward 
expanding the gender pay ratio analysis to countries 
outside the United States.

We recognize the importance of pay transparency 
to our employees, shareholders, and others, and  
are committed to ensuring our employees and cast 
members have the facts that determine their pay.  
As part of this effort, we provided new educational 
resources on compensation to leaders and employees 
in fiscal 2022. 

We also actively work with labor unions throughout 
the year to promote a fair and just working experience 
for the employees they represent—including reliable 
scheduling, a clean workplace, and fair compensation. 

Almost all of the hourly full-time and part-time 
employees in our U.S. Disney Parks, Experiences and 
Products business earn a minimum of $15/hour, and 
median hourly earnings are more than $17.50/hour.17

Read our Standards of Business Conduct for more 
details on our commitment to maintaining fair 
working conditions for employees.

Access more information on benefits:

Learn more about our people and values:

Annual Bonus Plan

In fiscal 2022, to reward the important contributions  
of certain job levels below the executive level,  
Disney expanded eligibility for participation in  
our Annual Bonus Plan. The Plan is tied to the 
Company’s fiscal-year performance and recognizes  
the contributions employees make to business results.

Investing in Our People Through Education

Disney Aspire pays 100% of tuition up front for 
eligible hourly employees at a network of learning 
institutions. See our spotlight on Disney Aspire on  
the next page.

Disney also continues to offer education 
reimbursement to salaried employees who are 
interested in furthering their careers through 
professional and technical education related to  
their current roles.

And to alleviate the financial burden of higher 
education on Disney employees, we offer scholarships 
to eligible children of Disney employees who are  
high school seniors through our Disney Scholars 
program. Scholarships are awarded based on 
academic achievement, extracurricular activities, 
community service, and demonstrated leadership.

Disney offers a competitive rewards package that 
includes pay, health, and savings benefits; time-off 
programs; educational opportunities; and more. 
Together, these rewards make up a comprehensive 
package that helps our employees and cast members 
live their best lives, grow personally and professionally, 
and take advantage of the special extras that only 
Disney can provide.

Equitable Pay

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Disney is committed to fostering a truly respectful and 
equitable workplace culture. As part of that focus, in 
2022 we shared the results of an adjusted pay ratio 
analysis, comparing the base pay of U.S. employees 
based on gender, race, and ethnicity, controlling 
for role, experience, and location. Each adjusted pay 
ratio was at least 99% as of June 2022 (with one ratio 
at 100%), and we continue to strive for 100% equity 
across all categories. We are committed to reporting 
the adjusted pay ratio for our U.S. employee base pay 
anually, and plan to include bonus and long-term 
incentives in our adjusted pay ratio in 2023, as well as 
an unadjusted median analysis of base pay (with no 

17  Almost all hourly full-time and part-time non-tipped employees 
in our U.S. Disney Parks, Experiences and Products business 
earn a base rate of at least $15/hour, excluding Walt Disney 
World College Program participants (this program is not 
comparable to other employment opportunities, as it includes 
other benefits such as housing and transportation) and Disney 
Stores in select regions. All employees earn minimum wage  
or higher. Median earnings for hourly employees is based on 
total earnings for total hours paid and includes the impact of 
overtime, shift premiums, and gratuities. Excludes the value  
of benefits for eligible employees.

66

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingEnjoying the MagicLife at Disney powered by Disney CareersTALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGESPOTLIGHT

DISNEY ASPIRE PARTICIPANTS

Disney Aspire Sets the Bar for Corporate-Funded Education

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Disney Aspire—The Walt Disney Company’s education 
investment and career development program—pays 
100% of tuition up front at network schools and is 
available to 85,000 eligible hourly full-time and part-
time employees and cast members in the United States. 
Disney Aspire continually evolves to meet the ever-
changing needs of our diverse employee base, as well 
as the ever-evolving job landscape, and the program 
saw growth in fiscal 2022.

Additional Colleges and Universities

Disney Aspire’s network of learning institutions 
continued to grow throughout fiscal 2022, adding four 
new colleges and universities. The additions included 
the first in-network HBCU, North Carolina A&T State 
University, as well as the first culinary-dedicated option, 
Johnson & Wales University. The network also grew to 
include two more California-based options—California 
State University, Fullerton; and Fullerton College—
expanding in-person learning opportunities for our 
eligible California-based employees.

Career Advisors

In fiscal 2022, we introduced Disney Aspire Career 
Advisors. These advisors meet both one-on-one and  
in group settings with students and graduates to help 
them more confidently navigate their career journeys, 
whether at Disney or beyond. In fiscal 2022, more than 
1,400 advising sessions were hosted with employees.

Advocate Program

We also introduced the Disney Aspire Advocate 
program in fiscal 2022, which brings together 
Disney Aspire program graduates from across the 
Company who have experienced internal career 
mobility. Advocates help spread the word, showcase 
Disney Aspire's impact, and serve as mentors for 
those exploring or currently enrolled in the program.

Disney Aspire continues to set the standard for 
employer-funded education programs. We externally 
publish graduate and mobility data and invest in our 
employees well beyond graduation. Looking forward 
to the year ahead, Disney Aspire will be celebrating 
its fifth anniversary in August 2023.

~13,000

Employees enrolled  
as of the end  
of fiscal 2022

~2,500

Past and present Disney 
Aspire participants 
internally promoted as of 
the end of fiscal 2022 

As a little girl growing up in a 
small village in Haiti—where 

my parents had to sacrifice to send 
me to school for a better future— 
I never once believed I could be 
part of such of an amazing program. 
Disney Aspire has given me hope 
and opened so many doors for me.  
I recently completed my bachelor’s 
degree in hospitality and am now 
working toward my master’s degree 
in human resources. Disney Aspire is 
a gift of a lifetime. 

Maniala Lucien 
Disney Aspire 
graduate and Walt 
Disney World Resort 
cast member

67

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK & RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH & WELL-BEINGTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGEOperating 
Responsibly

We are focused on operating our  
businesses with integrity, honesty,  
trust, respect, and teamwork.

In This Section

Corporate Governance 

Ethics 

Risk Oversight 

Human Rights 

Supply Chain 

Guest Safety 

Product Safety 

Privacy & Cybersecurity 

Digital Wellness & Responsible Content 

Responsible Advertising & Marketing 

Journalistic Integrity 

Tax Strategy  

69

69

70

70

71

73

74

75

76

77

78

78

68

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCORPORATE GOVERNANCE

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Board Diversity

(Based on 11 Directors nominated for our  
2023 Annual Meeting)

ETHICS

RACIAL/ETHNIC/GENDER DIVERSITY

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

SV-HL-310a. 4

Disney strives to conduct business in accordance  
with high standards of business ethics and comply 
with applicable laws, rules, and regulations wherever 
we operate. Our Standards of Business Conduct apply 
to all employees and provide resources and tools  
to promote ethical conduct and compliance with the 
law. Our Board of Directors is also held accountable 
to these principles, as well as our Code of Business 
Conduct and Ethics for Directors. We regularly engage 
our leaders and employees on these Standards through 
training and other forms of communication, and 
employees can confidentially report ethical concerns  
to our internal alert hotline, The Guideline.

Learn more:

We strive to adopt governance policies and practices 
that represent our stakeholders’ interests, and we  
seek to have a well-rounded Board of Directors. The 
Company has nominated 11 Directors for our 2023 
annual meeting with relevant experience, including 
from leading global organizations, and encompassing 
a diverse range of talents, skills, and expertise.  
Ten of those 11 Director nominees are independent, 
and all members of the Audit, Compensation,  
and Governance and Nominating Committees are 
independent. Our Directors reflect a diverse cross-
section of the Company’s shareholders, employees, 
consumers, and communities, with seven out of  
11 nominees representing diverse gender, ethnic,  
or racial backgrounds.

64%

7 out of 11 
Of our 2023 
Director 
nominees are 
women and/or  
racially/ethnically 
diverse

RACIAL/ETHNIC DIVERSITY 

4 out of 11 of our 2023 Director nominees 
are racially/ethnically diversee

Read more about Board accountability  
for CSR in Our Approach:

36%

Read more about our corporate  
governance practices:

Asian American

Asian American  
& Black

Black

Latina

GENDER DIVERSITY 

45%

5 out of 11 
Of our 2023 
Director 
nominees 
are women

69

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCSR Oversight & Accountability Standards of Business ConductCode of Business Conduct  and Ethics for DirectorsProxy StatementRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHT

HUMAN RIGHTS

The Board, either as a whole or through committees, 
assesses major risks that relate to the Company  
and its performance, including risks that relate to  
key economic and market assumptions that inform  
the Company’s business plans (including significant 
transactions) and growth strategies, and significant 
operational risks related to the conduct of the 
Company’s day-to-day operations.

Read more about risk management  
in our Proxy Statement and 10-K, both 
available on our Investor Relations website:

Our commitment to respect human rights is a Company 
priority. Our commitment is informed by the United 
Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, 
the United Nations International Bill of Human Rights,  
and the International Labor Organization’s Declaration 
on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

We exercise due diligence on an ongoing basis to identify, 
prevent, mitigate, and account for human rights risks 
and impacts, and we update our assessment of salient 
human rights risks as new information becomes available. 
Through collaboration and regular dialogue, we also 
work with a variety of external stakeholders, industry 
associations, and intergovernmental organizations to 
identify and manage human rights risks.

In fiscal 2022, we updated our Human Rights Policy to 
reflect the evolving nature of our products and services, 
changes in our business, and the world in which we 
operate. Updates include, among others, new sections  
on content, communities, and privacy; additional 
information on grievance mechanisms and remedies;  
and expanded content on online safety to include 
children’s privacy, safety and development, parental 
controls, and responsible marketing guidelines. 

Our refreshed content on our human rights webpage 
highlights various policies, practices, and programs  
that implement our Human Rights Policy, and identifies 
our salient human rights issues in the following areas:  
our people, our content, our products and supply chain, 
our communities, children, and privacy.

The Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board 
of Directors oversees the Company’s human rights policies. 
Our General Counsel has oversight for compliance with our 
policy and works across the Company to monitor emerging 
issues, share progress, and identify areas for improvement.

70

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingInvestor Relations WebsiteCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

CG-AA-430b.3

Disney-branded products are produced in approximately 
44,000 facilities in more than 100 countries. This 
manufacturing network and global footprint creates  
a highly complex network of suppliers, many of them 
several degrees removed from our direct operations.

In addition, we purchase a vast array of products, 
materials, and services from thousands of suppliers  
to support our operations, such as theme parks and 
resorts; cruise and vacation experiences; film, television, 
streaming, and theatrical productions; and offices and 
distribution centers.

Responsible sourcing is an important focus of Disney’s 
overall corporate social responsibility efforts. We  
are focused on respecting human rights, reducing  
the environmental footprint of our supply chain, 
monitoring the safety and integrity of products, 
promoting supplier diversity, and working in 
collaboration with others to meet our objectives. 

International Labor Standards

We strive to foster safe, inclusive, and respectful 
workplaces wherever Disney-branded products are 
produced. Disney has set labor standards for the tens  
of thousands of facilities that make Disney-branded 
products, whether we procure products to sell directly  
to the consumer or license our intellectual property to 
independent businesses that use their own supply chains. 

These standards come to life through our International 
Labor Standards (ILS) program, which licensees and 
vendors producing Disney-branded products are 
contractually obligated to comply with. The program 
is informed by our Standards of Business Conduct, Human 
Rights Policy, and Supply Chain Code of Conduct, along 
with a range of other responsible business expectations. 
Now in its third decade, the ILS program tracks the names 
and locations of authorized factories making Disney-
branded products; sets standards for when, where, and 
how social compliance audits confirm compliance with 
our standards; and provides guidance to vendors and 
licensees on improving the labor conditions of their 
facilities, if needed. Suppliers are provided onboarding 
training and can participate in ongoing training sessions 
offered by our team.

ACCOUNTABILITY, TRANSPARENCY & COMPLIANCE  
ON INTERNATIONAL LABOR STANDARDS

To promote Company-wide integration, our Chief 
Financial Officer has responsibility for the ILS  
program. The Audit Committee of the Company’s  
Board oversees and periodically reviews the program  
and receives updates, generally on an annual basis, 
about its performance.

We use ILS audits as a tool to identify and address 
labor-related issues. Audits are conducted by either 
third-party auditors or Disney staff. Submitted social 
compliance audits are reviewed for compliance with  
ILS program requirements. Corrective action plans  
are subsequently sent to licensees and vendors, who 
are expected to review them with their facilities and 
implement steps to promptly remedy any identified 
compliance violations.

Supplemental guides are made available to our 
licensees and vendors to help them work with their 
facilities on program compliance. Along with an 
updated Forced Labor Guide, we also published a  
new Health and Safety Guide in fiscal 2022. To further 
promote program compliance, we regularly refine  
our Permitted Sourcing Countries list and periodically 
update our published list of facilities that produce 
Disney-branded products that are sold, distributed,  
or used in our own retail and wholesale businesses,  
as well as those used in our internal operations.

In fiscal 2022, we enhanced and expanded our Supply 
Chain Code of Conduct (previously named the Code of 
Conduct for Manufacturers). The updated Code applies 
to both branded and nonbranded products, as well as 
their upstream components and materials, and formally 
recognizes the United Nations Guiding Principles on 
Business and Human Rights and the International Labor 
Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on the Fundamental 
Principles and Rights at Work. It also includes, for 
the first time, our expectations that suppliers will work 
to mitigate their environmental impacts as aligned with 
our 2030 environmental goals. 

We are active participants in community efforts to 
improve labor conditions in global supply chains, 
including the Joint Forced Labor Working Group, 
Business at OECD Investment and Responsible Business 
Conduct Committee, the ILO Global Business Network 
on Forced Labor, ILO Better Work, and others.

Learn more about our ILS program:

71

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSupply ChainCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSGUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYSUPPLY CHAIN SPOTLIGHT

10 Years of Impact Through the 
Supply Chain Investment Program

Advancing labor standards requires sustained 
investment to incubate and pilot scalable tools and 
programs. 2022 marked the 10th year of Disney’s 
Supply Chain Investment Program (SCIP), which 
provides grant funding to nonprofit organizations, 
social enterprises, and United Nations agencies to 
create solutions that address root-cause issues of 
poor working conditions and help enhance supply 
chain visibility. Over the past decade, SCIP has 
addressed issues including forced labor, worker  
voice, supply chain traceability, child labor, and 
ethical recruitment.

Since 2012, Disney has contributed more than $24  
million through SCIP to 40 unique programs in  
more than 20 countries, directly benefiting 250,000 
workers and supporting tools that have reached  
and benefited 14 million additional workers.

Read more about SCIP projects we have funded:

IN 2022, SCIP PROVIDED FUNDING TO THE  
FOLLOWING ORGANIZATIONS

•  International Organization for Migration (IOM): 

Our funding supported IOM’s International 
Recruitment Integrity System (IRIS) Global  
Policy Network, a platform for dialogue and 
exchange between policymakers, regulators,  
and key stakeholders to facilitate ethical and 
responsible recruitment of migrant workers. 

•  FishWise: Disney’s funding supported the creation  
of a market-based framework for monitoring labor 
and human rights in the seafood sector in alignment 
with existing human rights due diligence practices 
and models.

SUPPLY CHAIN INVESTMENT PROGRAM

$24M+

SUPPLY CHAIN INVESTMENT  
PROGRAM CELEBRATES 10 YEARS

Contributed by Disney  
through SCIP since 2012

40

Unique programs supported  
in more than 20 countries since 2012

250K

Workers directly  
benefited since 2012

72

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSCIP ProjectsCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSGUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETY

In our parks and resorts around the world, safety 
is the first of the “Five Keys” of Disney’s standards 
for theme park excellence. We demonstrate our 
commitment to safety in numerous ways at our 
properties—from the Imagineers who apply 
advanced safety technologies to our attractions, 
to our security cast members who patrol our 
properties 24 hours a day. Our safety professionals 
reflect a broad range of disciplines, including 
medicine, engineering, quality, maintenance, 
attraction operations, ergonomics, industrial 
hygiene, occupational safety, and food safety.

Parks Safety

To support guest safety at our parks, we use innovative 
and “smart safety” systems for our attractions. Every 
night, maintenance teams perform priority maintenance 
functions, and our computerized maintenance 
management system tracks the completion of each 
procedure. The system includes Disney-patented 
technology that prevents a ride from accepting  
guests unless required critical maintenance has  
been completed and the ride has been deemed 
ready to open for operations. We regularly provide 
our cast and crew members safety training and 
information through formal instruction, on-the-job 
training, and a structured communications process. 

According to the annual International Association of 
Amusement Parks and Recreation Ride Safety Report, 
administered by the National Safety Council, the 
industry injury rate per million in attendance has 
decreased by 47% over the past 18 years, from 7.0  
to 3.7 injuries. Over the past 10 years, our U.S. Disney 
Parks have reported rates averaging 41% below the 
industry average.18

Wild About Safety Program 

2023 marks the 20th anniversary of the Disney  
Wild About Safety program, which engages families  
in safety and health through storytelling. The program 
features Timon and Pumbaa from The Lion King 
animated movie as official “spokes-characters” on 
a mission to spread important safety and health 
messages to guests through a series of illustrations  
in tip cards, activity books, videos, and other materials 
throughout our domestic and international theme 
parks and resorts. We’ve extended the program by 
providing materials on a streaming platform for our 
employees, cast members, and educators to use in 
schools and in the community. The lesson-based, 
multilingual, global educational program aims to 
improve children’s awareness and understanding  
of safety, health, and environmental issues, and 
ultimately to impact their behavior. 

18   National Safety Council

73

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN PRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYGUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETY

Learn more in our  
Data & Reporting Frameworks 

The safety of products bearing Disney brands, 
characters, and other intellectual property is of  
the utmost importance to us. Disney-branded 
consumer products, spanning numerous categories 
from toys and apparel to books and fine art, are 
produced by thousands of independent licensees 
and vendors around the world. Our product safety 
program accounts for this breadth, as well as the 
rapid changes in scientific knowledge, evolving 
regulations, and consumer and community concerns.

Our Product Integrity function oversees Disney’s  
safety policies, procedures, and operating  
requirements for physical products containing 
Disney intellectual property across the enterprise. 
Disney requires that licensees and vendors 
contractually commit to follow sensible, reasonable, 
and proper procedures for verifying that Disney-
branded products comply with applicable safety 
regulatory requirements and any additional 
requirements that may be specified by Disney. 

We also have policies to manage the use of chemicals 
in products. These require vendors and licensees  
to conduct analytical tests by certified third-party 
testing laboratories or equivalent procedures, 
including testing for chemical levels to verify that, 

at a minimum, the products meet applicable 
regulatory requirements. Under the Disney Product 
Integrity Program, all test reports submitted are 
reviewed to verify that the testing was appropriate 
and that the proper procedures were performed. In 
2022, we introduced a new requirement prohibiting 
the use of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances—
known as PFAS—in consumer products developed, 
sourced, and distributed by a Disney entity.

In fiscal 2022, we updated our Supply Chain Code  
of Conduct to include “Quality and Safety.” Although  
we had already communicated quality and safety 
expectations to suppliers, the updated Code formalized 
our expectations across our supply chains.

Read more about how we manage the  
use of chemicals:

7474

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingManagement of Chemicals in Consumer Products PolicyCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITY

TC-IM-220a.1; TC-IM-230a.2; FB-RN-260a.3

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Disney has implemented a robust and comprehensive 
global privacy program based on the principles of 
privacy by design, accountability, transparency, and 
giving consumers meaningful controls over their 
personal data. We regularly assess and update our 
program to meet the requirements of emerging 
privacy laws and regulations across the world, as well 
as to keep up with rapid advancements in technology 
and new business initiatives. In 2022, this included 
updates to reflect laws going into effect in 2023 in 
California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut.

Day-to-day management of our data privacy policies is 
overseen by our Senior Vice President of Global Public 
Policy, who reports directly to our General Counsel.  
We have incorporated privacy topics into the Company’s 
annual Standards of Business Conduct and information 
security training, and we conduct ongoing specialized 
training for relevant groups that handle consumer and 
employee data.

Our Senior Vice President, CISO Cybersecurity & 
Technology, oversees day-to-day management of 
data security. This role reports to our Executive 
Vice President of Enterprise Technology and Chief 
Information Officer, who reports directly to our  
Chief Financial Officer. The Audit Committee  
oversees cybersecurity and data security risks, and  
the Chief Information Officer updates the Board  
of Directors or Audit Committee, at least annually,  
on the Company’s cybersecurity and data security  
risks and mitigation strategies.

The Company’s information security program 
incorporates the core functions of the National 
Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity 
Framework, which provide a strategic view of  
an organization’s management of cybersecurity  
risk. These functions cover areas such as asset 
management, governance, risk management, identity 
and access management, awareness and training, 
data and information protection, response and 
recovery, and communication protocols.

We have an established information security  
risk management framework that outlines the 
following steps:

• Prepare: Prepare the organization to manage  
its information security risks by identifying key  
roles, documenting responsibilities, establishing 
information security risk principles, and helping 
ensure users are educated.

• Categorize: Categorize information systems based 
on risk factors such as type of information stored  
or processed, exploitability, and business impact. 

• Select and Implement: Protect information 
systems commensurate with risk by selecting, 
documenting, and implementing necessary controls. 

• Assess: Determine whether controls are 

implemented correctly, operating as intended, 
and producing the desired outcome. This is 
accomplished through log collection and  
reporting, control evaluations, risk assessments,  
and remediation activities.

• Authorize: Provide accountability by requiring 
control owners to determine whether the 
security risk, based on the operation of controls, 
is acceptable.

• Monitor: Maintain awareness about the security  

of systems through ongoing monitoring.

Read more about our approach to privacy:

Read more about our approach to cybersecurity:

75

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingPrivacy CenterInformation Security Management System documentCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESS & RESPONSIBLE CONTENT

We believe that the digital world should be a space 
for kids and families to engage, learn, explore, and 
express themselves. Disney strives to produce positive, 
respectful, high-quality content and experiences 
designed for individuals, children of all ages, and 
their families.

We deliver content through multiple channels, 
including our own digital offerings. Our internal 
policies and practices promote safety within our  
digital experiences. We also provide parents with 
controls and recommendations so that they can  
have the information they need to choose the content  
and experiences right for their families. For example, 
Disney+ and Hulu provide parents and caregivers  
with controls to manage their family’s engagement 
with our content. This includes readily accessible 
content ratings as well as the ability to create  
profiles that can be tailored to provide a curated  
set of content appropriate for the profile user.  
In addition, subscribers can establish a PIN to  
control profile access.

We also participate in industry coalitions to 
promote user awareness of online safety. For 
example, we are a longtime sponsor of fragFINN, 
collaborate with Childnet on Safer Internet Day 
in the UK, act as signatories to the Alliance to 
Better Protect Minors Online, and participate in 
the Members Group of the Family Online Safety 
Institute. In 2022, we joined the International 
Telecommunication Union’s Partner2Connect 
Digital Coalition initiative, a multi-stakeholder 
platform that mobilizes resources, partnerships, 
and commitments to foster meaningful 
connectivity and digital transformation globally, 
in the hardest-to-connect communities.

See more on our approach to digital wellness:

Learn more about the content safety 
functionalities on some of our platforms:

In addition to designing our digital platforms with 
safety in mind, we invest in supporting children’s 
digital well-being through our digital grant portfolio. 
We provide funding to NGOs and other organizations 
working on digital issues to educate children, parents,  
and teachers around the globe about digital citizenship. 
Grantees provide expertise in areas including digital 
literacy and resilience, privacy, responsible internet 
use, critical thinking, and educator training.

In 2022, we expanded our comprehensive digital 
wellness education programs with new programs  
in Belgium, Bulgaria, Kenya, Nigeria, and South  
Africa. Altogether, we supported 19 organizations 
around the world while increasing our focus on 
underserved communities, such as children in rural 
areas, Indigenous people, refugees, and children 
with disabilities. Our initiatives supported peer-to-
peer training, youth advisory councils, and media 
literacy initiatives (including reporting portals and 
chat lines to assist children in crisis, and more).

As an example, the Paradigm Initiative works to 
connect underserved African youth with digital 
opportunities to improve livelihoods. Disney supports 
its LIFE (Life skills, Information & communications 
technology, Financial literacy, and Entrepreneurship) 
Legacy Program, which equips participants with digital 
literacy and entrepreneur ship skills and connects 
them to internships or entrepreneurial ventures.

76

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingPrivacy CenterDisney+ Help CenterHulu Help CenterCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING & MARKETING

FB-RN-260a.3

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

Disney maintains standards and practices with respect 
to the advertising we will accept on our media 
properties, which reflects our commitment to help 
promote truthful, accurate, and appropriate advertising.

We also prioritize the rights and the cognitive and 
emotional maturity of children when accepting and 
developing advertising and marketing materials. 
Our guidelines and policies governing our products, 
experiences, and communications are designed to 
promote the digital and physical safety of children, 
give parents the ability to decide on the appropriate 
experiences for their families, and encourage children 
to make good choices.

We are also intentional about how we promote 
healthy food and beverages to kids through our 
Nutrition Guideline Policy. These guidelines apply to 
our Studio promotions, food and beverage licensing, 
third-party advertising on our kids’ networks, and 
kids’ meals in Disney Parks. Ongoing reviews of 
these global guidelines help us reflect up-to-date 
dietary guidance and consider the evolving social 
and scientific understanding of children’s physical 
and digital lives. In fiscal 2022, we continued to 
have approximately 100% of food and beverage 
advertising on our owned and controlled media 
platforms oriented to kids and families meet our 
Nutrition Guideline Policy. In addition, we again 
achieved our global target to have 85% of our 
licensed food and beverages intended for children 
and families meet our nutrition criteria for healthier 
choices and carry the Disney Check to signify this.

Through the Disney Check program, which marked its 10th anniversary 
in 2022, we help kids and families identify healthier food and beverage 
options on licensed products wherever Disney products are sold and at 
our U.S. theme parks and Disneyland Paris.

We work to make healthy living fun and simple. In 2022, Marvel 
teamed up with Dole Food Company on the Healthy Heroes, Assemble! 
campaign to create Avengers: Super Fuel! short-form content to 
encourage kids to try fruits and vegetables. 

Read more about our approach to responsible marketing online:

77

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingOperating ResponsiblyCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESS JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISINGJOURNALISTIC INTEGRITY

INDUSTRY AWARDS

TAX STRATEGY 

SV-ME-270a.3; SV-ME-260a.2

Learn more in our Data & Reporting Frameworks 

ABC News is committed to the independence of our 
editorial decision-making from commercial, political, 
and other interests of the Company’s management  
or owners, as well as from the interests of external 
stakeholders, and to providing citizens with accurate 
and useful information across our platforms. It is our 
responsibility to uphold the principles of fairness and 
integrity as we gather and report the news. ABC News 
journalists are expected to approach their work with 
rigor, to question thoroughly and skeptically, to 
analyze deeply, and to adhere to the standards of 
good journalism. 

New ABC News hires take part in standards and 
ethics training upon joining the Company. And  
every year, training sessions on updated standards  
are held for all ABC News journalists.

ABC News is focused on research quality (e.g., 
thoroughness, diligence, control) and integrity. 
Plagiarism and the acceptance of payments, undue  
gifts, or considerations are violations of ABC News 
standards. Audience concerns and grievances about  
ABC News reporting are collected through a number  
of mechanisms, including email and voicemail.  
Concerns are considered and, when deemed appropriate, 
we issue updates, clarifications, or corrections.

ABC News editorial and management executives  
are responsible for monitoring the performance  
of the News Division, including journalism ethics. 
Senior editorial executives and senior management 
executives are responsible for oversight of media 
ethics and guidelines at ABC News.

Our global tax strategy supports our 
commitment to high standards of corporate 
governance, transparency, and accountability in 
the execution of our global business strategy. 
Our tax strategy and its underlying principles 
apply to all controlled subsidiaries in The Walt 
Disney Company and guide the decisions we 
make relating to corporate tax matters. We 
operate with a zero-tolerance approach to tax 
evasion and the facilitation of tax evasion.

Read more:

ABC News received numerous prestigious industry 
awards in 2022, such as nine Emmy News and 
Documentary Awards, including Outstanding 
Environmental Coverage for World News Tonight 
with David Muir and Nightline for Madagascar:  
The Children of Climate Change; eight Edward R. 
Murrow Awards across broadcast and radio, 
including the Excellence in Diversity, Equity,  
and Inclusion Award for Soul of a Nation and the 
Continuing Coverage Award for Climate Crisis: 
Saving Tomorrow; eight National Association of 
Black Journalists’ Salute to Excellence Awards; 
three Society of Professional Journalists Awards; 
two Multichannel News Wonder Women Awards; 
and one George Foster Peabody Award. 

ESPN upholds similar standards for journalistic 
integrity. Additionally, ESPN’s Inclusive Content 
Committee strives to enhance ESPN’s storytelling 
by serving as a diverse resource for content creators. 
In fiscal 2022, ESPN received two Edward R. 
Murrow Awards for journalism and ESPN’s E:60 
received its 19th Sports Emmy since 2010.

9

Emmy News and Documentary Awards 
presented to ABC News in 2022

10

Edward R. Murrow Awards presented 
to ABC News and ESPN in 2022

Read more about journalistic integrity:

19

Sports Emmy awards presented to 
ESPN’s E:60 since 2010

78

Operating ResponsiblyOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleData & Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingSASB IndexGlobal Tax Strategy StatementCORPORATE GOVERNANCEETHICSRISK OVERSIGHTHUMAN RIGHTSSUPPLY CHAIN GUEST SAFETYPRODUCT SAFETYPRIVACY & CYBERSECURITYDIGITAL WELLNESSRESPONSIBLE ADVERTISING JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITYTAX STRATEGYData & Reporting 
Frameworks

We measure year-over-year performance 
of certain metrics and include select 
reporting standard indexes to help our 
stakeholders find the information that  
is important to them.

In This Section

Overview 

Fiscal 2022 Data Table 

TCFD Index 

SASB Index 

SDG Indicators 

Forward-Looking Statements 

80

81

89

90

95

99

79

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingOVERVIEW

We are committed to providing an annual account  
of our performance on corporate social responsibility 
topics and we appreciate feedback on our efforts  
and reporting. Our assessment of priority areas  
of impact to our businesses and stakeholders drives  
the content and data in this report. These priorities—
and thereby our reporting of them—are informed  
by various frameworks. These include Sustainability 
Accounting Standards Board (SASB), CDP (formerly 
the Carbon Disclosure Project), Task Force on Climate-
related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and others.

This update represents our impacts, progress, and 
results as they relate to social and environmental 
responsibility. Our Corporate Reporting function, 
which also manages Disney’s financial data and 
reporting, collects and validates our data. We take  
care to explain estimates or assumptions that have 
been used in the development of metrics, 
as appropriate.

Scope

Unless otherwise specified, all data and information  
in this CSR Report pertain to efforts in fiscal 2022, 
which began on October 3, 2021, and ended on 
October 1, 2022. For the most part, data refer to 
assets under management as of the beginning of the 
fiscal year. The terms “Company,” “we,” “Disney,” and 
“our” are used to refer collectively to the parent  
company and the subsidiaries through which business  
is conducted. Inclusion of information in this report 
should not be construed as a characterization of the 
materiality or financial impact of that information. 

Learn more about our Company and our social 
and environmental responsibility efforts:

View our Annual Report on Form 10-K for  
the year ended October 1, 2022 and other 
publicly filed documents

Visit our ESG Reporting Center to see more 
policies & practices:

Select Policies & Practices

Disney is committed to a number of policies  
and practices that promote the thoughtful and 
ethical operation of our businesses.

ENVIRONMENT

• 2022 CDP Climate Change Survey Response
• 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper
• Live Animals in Entertainment Policy
• Management of Chemicals in Consumer Products
• Natural Climate Solutions White Paper
• Paper Sourcing and Use Policy

SOCIAL

• California Transparency in Supply Chains  

Act Statement

• Charitable Giving Guidelines
• Conflict Minerals Policy
• 2021 EEO-1
• Human Rights Policy
• International Labor Standards Program Manual
• Involuntary Labor Policy
• Nutrition Guidelines
• Our Stories and Characters
• Pay Ratio Disclosure
• Permitted Sourcing Countries Policy
• Privacy Center
• Smoking in Movies
• Supply Chain Code of Conduct
• UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement

GOVERNANCE

• Anti-corruption Policy
• Anti-piracy Policy
• Global Tax Strategy Statement
• Information Security Management System
• Political Giving & Participation in the 

Formulation of Public Policy
• Standards of Business Conduct

80

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTheWaltDisneyCompany.comImpact.Disney.comThe Walt Disney Company: Investor RelationsESG Reporting CenterFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19

Environmental Sustainability20

EMISSIONS (METRIC TONS CO2e)

Scope 1 Emissions21, 22, 46

Stationary Fuel 

Mobile Fuel

Refrigerants, Livestock, Other

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

Not Reported (NR)

503,221

614,971

909,382

Scope 3 Emissions25

EMISSIONS (METRIC TONS CO2e) (continued)

901,714

181,084

696,695

23,934

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

Scope 2 Emissions (location-based)21, 22, 46

702,062

675,984

714,874

913,359

Scope 2 Emissions (market-based)21, 22, 23, 46

679,506

687,042

681,456

898,696

Electricity

Chilled Water, Hot Water, Other

642,244

37,262

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

Total Scope 1 & 2 Emissions (location-based)21, 22, 46

1,603,776

1,179,205

1,329,845

1,822,741

Total Scope 1 & 2 Emissions (market-based)21, 22, 23, 46

1,581,220

1,190,263

1,296,427

1,808,078

Retired Carbon Credits23, 24

Net Emissions (market-based)21, 22, 23, 24

801,077

780,143

410,120

780,143

470,209

860,620

826,218

947,458

In progress

In progress

In progress

Category 1 Purchased Goods and Services26, 27, 28, 30

Category 2 Capital Goods26, 28

Category 3 Fuel- and Energy-Related Activities 28, 29

In progress

Category 4 Upstream Transportation  
and Distribution27, 31

Category 5 Waste Generated in Operations32

Category 6 Business Travel26, 31

Category 7 Employee Commuting28, 31

Category 8 Upstream Leased Assets26

Category 9 Downstream Transportation  
and Distribution36

Category 10 Processing of Sold Products37

Category 11 Use of Sold Products31

Category 12 End-of-Life Treatment  
of Sold Products26, 27, 30

Category 13 Downstream Leased Assets33 

Category 14 Franchises26, 28, 30, 31, 34, 35

Category 15 Investments26

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

In progress

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

10,237,024

5,343,559

317,349

366,608

317,832

117,241

297,813

462,086

34,563

NR

 NR

7,250

18,034

72,588

2,789,705

92,396

81

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLEFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Environmental Sustainability20 (continued)

ENERGY

Total Energy (MWh)38

Total Electricity (MWh)

Percentage Zero Carbon Electricity41

Percentage Grid Electricity39

Percentage Renewables40

Renewable Fuel (MWh)

Renewable Electricity, On-site Generation (MWh)40

Utility Green Power Programs (MWh)40

Unbundled RECs (MWh)40

WASTE42

Percentage of Operational Waste Diverted from  
Landfill and Incineration (Company)43 

Operational Waste Generated (Company) (tons)43

Operational Waste Sent to Landfill and Incineration 
(Company) (tons)43

Operational Waste Diverted  
(Company) (tons)43

Percentage of Operational Waste Diverted from  
Landfill and Incineration  
(Parks, Resorts, and Cruise Line)

Operational Waste Sent to Landfill  
(Parks, Resorts, and Cruise Line) (tons)

Not Reported (NR)

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

WATER45

5,727,672

3,907,990

4,438,061

5,962,270

Total Water Consumed (billions of gallons)

1,978,499

34%

35%

4.4%

33,015

983

118,145

100,000

NR

30%

48%

5.3%

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

42%

7.0%

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

Potable Water Consumed (billions of gallons)

Non-Potable Water Consumed (billions of gallons)

SUSTAINABLE DESIGN42, 44

Percentage of Construction Waste Diverted  
from Landfill and Incineration

Construction Waste Generated (tons)

Construction Waste Sent to Landfill (tons)

Construction Waste Diverted (tons)

8.00

6.16

1.84

6.71

5.09

1.62

95%

96%

100,536

4,997

95,538

62,332

2,183

60,148

NR

4.99

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

6.53

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

58%

61%

60%

57%

215,423

87,190

138,785

53,248

152,048

252,744

59,268

103,115

125,945

85,283

90,480

145,271

56%

60%

80,784

45,059

NR

NR

NR

NR

82

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLEFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Social Impact

CHARITABLE GIVING

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

VOLUNTEERING

Not Reported (NR)

Charitable Giving (cash contributions, in millions)47

$ 

97.1

$ 

87.1

$  80.4  

$  107.0

VoluntEARS Hours50

480,000

341,500

321,700

612,300

Charitable Giving (in-kind donations, in millions)48

$  136.2  

$  206.6  

$  252.7  

$  231.2

Total Charitable Giving  
(cash and in-kind donations, in millions)47, 48

Charitable Giving to Programs Supporting  
Underrepresented Communities  
(cash and in-kind donations, in millions)47, 48, 49

$  233.3  

$  293.7  

$  333.1

$  338.2

$  140.3  

$  153.8

NR

NR

SUPPLIER DIVERSITY

Total Direct Spend with Minority, Women,  
Disabled, U.S. Veteran, Service-Disabled U.S. Veteran,  
U.S. Veteran Spouse, and LGBTQIA+ Owned  
Business Enterprises (in millions)51

$803.6

$449.0

$438.7 

$590.8

Workforce

EMPLOYMENT & EMPLOYMENT STATUS52

TRAINING, DEVELOPMENT, AND COMPETITIVE PAY

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

Global Employees53, 54

Casual Seasonal (global)53

Casual Ongoing (global)53

Full-Time (global)53

Percentage of Employees Covered by  
Collective Bargaining Agreements (U.S.)

220,000

190,000

203,000

224,000

Learning Courses Offered (unique)55, 56

22,100

20,000

24,000

13,700

7%

15%

78%

53%

5%

16%

79%

54%

1%

19%

80%

54%

7%

18%

75%

50%

Number of Learning Courses Taken55

2,200,000

2,050,000

1,590,000 

1,600,000

Median Wage Earnings for U.S. Disney Parks, Experiences 
and Products Hourly Employees57

$17.50/hour

$17/hour

$17/hour

Percentage of U.S. Disney Parks & Resorts Hourly 
Employees Earning Minimum Wage or Higher57

100%

100%

100%

NR

NR

83

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Diversity & Inclusion: Workforce Representation52, 58, 59

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

OVERALL WORKFORCE

Women (Global)

People of Color (U.S.)

Asian (U.S.)

Black or African American (U.S.)

Hispanic or Latino (U.S.)

Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.)

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.)

White (U.S.)

Two or More Races (U.S.)

Undisclosed (U.S.)

EXECUTIVE

Women (Global)

People of Color (U.S.)

Asian (U.S.)

Black or African American (U.S.)

Hispanic or Latino (U.S.)

Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.)

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.)

White (U.S.)

Two or More Races (U.S.)

Undisclosed (U.S.)

50.9%

46.7%

7.4%

8.1%

27.9%

0.3%

0.6%

47.3%

2.4%

5.9%

45.5%

27.5%

11.1%

6.8%

7.1%

0.2%

0.3%

69.9%

2.1%

2.3%

50.3%

46.3%

7.4%

8.6%

27.0%

0.3%

0.6%

50.9%

2.3%

2.7%

43.3%

24.7%

10.2%

6.0%

6.3%

0.2%

0.2%

73.3%

1.8%

1.9%

50.9%

46.1%

7.3%

8.4%

27.1%

0.3%

0.7%

51.1%

2.4%

2.7%

41.8%

22.5%

9.6%

4.9%

6.1%

0.3%

0.2%

76.1%

1.4%

1.4%

50.9%

45.6%

7.2%

8.4%

26.7%

0.3%

0.7%

51.5%

2.3%

2.9%

40.9%

21.2%

9.0%

4.4%

6.1%

0.2%

0.2%

77.1%

1.3%

1.6%

MANAGER

Women (Global)

People of Color (U.S.)

Asian (U.S.)

Black or African American (U.S.)

Hispanic or Latino (U.S.)

Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.)

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.)

White (U.S.)

Two or More Races (U.S.)

Undisclosed (U.S.)

BELOW MANAGER

Women (Global)

People of Color (U.S.)

Asian (U.S.)

Black or African American (U.S.)

Hispanic or Latino (U.S.)

Native American or Alaskan Native (U.S.)

Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander (U.S.)

White (U.S.)

Two or More Races (U.S.)

Undisclosed (U.S.)

44.5%

32.0%

10.8%

5.6%

12.7%

0.3%

0.5%

65.6%

2.1%

2.3%

52.2%

50.0%

6.7%

8.5%

31.3%

0.3%

0.7%

43.3%

2.5%

6.6%

43.3%

30.2%

10.3%

5.6%

11.7%

0.3%

0.4%

67.8%

1.8%

2.0%

51.9%

50.0%

6.8%

9.3%

30.5%

0.3%

0.7%

47.2%

2.5%

2.9%

42.8%

29.3%

10.0%

5.2%

11.6%

0.2%

0.4%

42.6%

29.3%

10.1%

5.0%

11.8%

0.2%

0.4%

69.3%

69.3%

1.8%

1.3%

52.7%

49.8%

6.8%

9.0%

30.4%

0.3%

0.7%

47.2%

2.5%

3.0%

1.8%

1.4%

52.8%

49.3%

6.6%

9.1%

30.1%

0.3%

0.7%

47.5%

2.4%

3.2%

84

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLEFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Diversity & Inclusion: Content Representation52

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

Not Reported (NR)

SCRIPTED AND FILM60, 62

DIRECTORS

People of Color

White

Women

Men

SERIES REGULARS / LEADS

People of Color

White

Women

Men

PRODUCERS

People of Color

White

Women

Men

WRITERS

People of Color

White

Women

Men

NEWS AND SPORTS61

ON AIR

People of Color

White

Women

Men

BEHIND THE CAMERA

People of Color

White

Women

Men

42.0%

58.0%

45.1%

54.9%

49.1%

50.9%

46.7%

53.3%

24.9%

75.1%

37.1%

62.9%

39.0%

61.0%

48.4%

51.6%

39.0%

61.0%

42.2%

57.8%

47.0%

53.0%

47.3%

52.7%

22.9%

77.1%

37.4%

62.6%

33.2%

66.8%

42.7%

57.3%

33.5%

66.5%

40.3%

59.7%

45.4%

54.6%

45.9%

54.1%

22.8%

77.2%

35.3%

64.7%

31.4%

68.6%

42.1%

57.9%

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

42.1%

57.9%

34.3%

65.7%

32.4%

67.6%

38.2%

61.8%

40.7%

59.3%

34.4%

65.6%

31.2%

68.8%

38.2%

61.8%

39.6%

60.4%

33.4%

66.6%

29.2%

70.8%

38.6%

61.4%

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

NR

85

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLEFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Supply Chain

FACILITY FOOTPRINT63, 64

2022

2021

2020

2019

2022

2021

2020

2019

Not Reported (NR)

Aggregate Number of Facilities Manufacturing 
Disney-Branded Products During the Fiscal Year

Total Number of Countries

Number of Countries with 1% or Less of Total Facilities

44,000

43,700 

43,300 

42,500

106

90

103

87

99 

86 

101

88

FACILITY FOOTPRINT: COUNTRY DATA63, 64, 65
Number of Facilities Manufacturing Disney-Branded Products By Country: # (% of total) 

China

Japan

USA

South Korea

Brazil

India

Taiwan

Italy

Turkey

France

12,510 (28%)

12,070 (28%)

11,640 (27%)

11,210 (26%)

8,110 (18%)

8,210 (19%)

8,050 (19%)

7,960 (19%)

5,630 (13%)

5,540 (13%)

5,470 (13%)

5,200 (12%)

2,100 (5%)

2,120 (5%)

2,090 (5%)

1,900 (4%)

1,570 (4%)

1,510 (4%)

1,460 (3%)

1,520 (4%)

1,340 (3%)

1,240 (3%)

1,120 (3%)

1,100 (3%)

1,270 (3%)

1,360 (3%)

1,340 (3%)

1,300 (3%)

1,200 (3%)

1,290 (3%)

1,380 (3%)

1,370 (3%)

960 (2%)

880 (2%)

780 (2%)

670 (2%)

Other Laws

850 (2%)

870 (2%)

920 (2%) 

930 (2%)

Subcontracting

REMEDIATION66, 67
Percentage of Audits with Findings Identified for Remediation

Child Labor

Involuntary Labor

Coercion and Harassment

Non-Discrimination

Association

Health and Safety: Factory

Health and Safety: Dormitory

Compensation: Minimum Wage

Compensation: Overtime Wage

Compensation: Overtime Hours

Compensation: Social Benefits

Protection of the Environment

United Kingdom

770 (2%)

780 (2%)

880 (2%)

930 (2%)

Monitoring and Compliance

Portugal

Vietnam

Poland

Germany

Spain

All Other Facilities  
(in countries with <1% of total facilities)

720 (2%)

750 (2%)

870 (2%)

810 (2%)

Publication

560 (1%)

550 (1%)

1% or less

1% or less

500 (1%)

530 (1%)

1% or less

1% or less

490 (1%)

520 (1%)

610 (1%)

640 (2%)

450 (1%)

470 (1%)

1% or less

1% or less

4,970 (11%)

5,010 (10%)

6,690 (15%)

6,960 (16%)

FACILITY AUDITS66, 67

Percentage of Tier 1 Supplier Facilities Audited

Percentage of Tier 1 Audits Conducted by a 
Third-Party Auditor

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

85%

2%

2%

3%

68%

63%

22%

15%

<1%

4%

2%

35%

97%

1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

85%

2%

4%

5%

70%

64%

24%

17%

1%

4%

1%

34%

96%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

<1%

87%

2%

5%

7%

71%

65%

28%

20%

1%

5%

2%

32%

94%

1%

1%

<1%

1%

1%

85%

3%

6%

10%

68%

63%

30%

22%

2%

6%

3%

NR

NR

86

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLEFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Healthy Living68

Percentage of Disney-Licensed Wholesale Food Sales Dedicated to Everyday Foods That Meet Our Nutrition Guidelines

2022

2021

2020

2019

Global

North America

Footnotes

  General

19  Disney’s fiscal year ends on the Saturday closest to September 30.

Environmental Sustainability 

Meets 
85% 
Target

Meets 
85% 
Target

Meets  
85%  
Target

Meets  
85%  
Target

84%

Meets  
85%  
Target

Meets  
85%  
Target

Meets  
85%  
Target

green power purchases, power purchase agreements, and 
unbundled energy attribute certificates (EACs). Our approach  
to carbon credits can be found in our Natural Climate Solutions 
White Paper. We will have achieved our 2030 “net zero emissions” 
goal when “net emissions,” as defined above, equals 0.

20  Some previously published environmental data have been 

restated to reflect corrections, updates to methodology, and/or 
changes in emission factors. Fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020 data 
have been revised to include Twenty-First Century Fox operations.

24  Carbon credits are from projects developed according to 

recognized standards (e.g., Climate Action Reserve, Verified  
Carbon Standard, Gold Standard). All credits are verified by 
accredited third-party reviewers.

21  The boundary for Disney’s greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) 

reporting includes owned and operated assets (such as Theme Parks 
& Resorts, Disney Cruise Line, and commercial spaces), leased assets 
(such as office locations), as well as Productions (including feature 
films, television, theatricals, and sporting events). Direct CO2 
emissions from biogenic fuels are not included in the Scope 1 totals. 
They are as follows: FY19: 29,146 MT CO2e; FY20: 16,799 MT 
CO2e; FY21: 22,662 MT CO2e; FY22: 4,890 MT CO2e.
22  GHG emissions are measured and calculated according to the 

principles in the World Resources Institute (WRI) and the  
World Business Council for Sustainable Development (WBCSD) 
Greenhouse Gas Protocol’s “A Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard, 2004 Revised Edition” (GHG Protocol).

23  Market-based emissions are used where available in calculating 
carbon credit retirements, total emissions, and net emissions.  
We define “net emissions” as follows: Scope 1 emissions + Scope 2 
emissions (market-based) – carbon credits. Scope 2 emissions 
(market-based) include emission reductions attributed to utility 

25  Scope 3 emissions calculations follow guidance provided by the 

GHG Protocol. In many instances, these emissions calculations are 
based on estimated and extrapolated data and rely on third-party 
emission factor databases and industry averages. We expect to make 
continuous improvements to Scope 3 estimates over time, including 
updates to assessments of business activities and activity boundaries, 
and improvements in input data and emission factors. At the time  
of publishing this report, fiscal 2019 is our most recent Scope 3 
inventory, with fiscal 2022 Scope 3 footprint calculation in progress 
(to be reported out at a later date).

26  Spend-based methodology estimates emissions for goods and 

services by collecting data on the economic value of goods and 
services purchased and multiplying that by relevant secondary  
(e.g., industry average) emission factors (e.g., average emissions  
per monetary value of goods).

27  Hybrid methodology uses a combination of supplier-specific activity 
data (where available) and secondary data to fill the gaps. This 
method involves: collecting allocated Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 

data directly from suppliers; calculating upstream emissions of goods 
and services from suppliers’ activity data on the amount of materials, 
fuel, and electricity used, as well as distance transported and waste 
generated from the production of goods and services, and applying 
appropriate emission factors; and using secondary data to calculate 
upstream emissions wherever supplier-specific data are not available.

28  Average data methodology estimates emissions for goods and 

services by collecting data on the mass (e.g., kilograms or pounds) 
or other relevant units of goods or services purchased, and 
multiplying by the relevant secondary (e.g., industry average) 
emission factors (e.g., average emissions per unit of good or service).

29  Fuel-based methodology involves determining the amount of  

fuel consumed (i.e., Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions of transport 
providers) and applying the appropriate emission factor for that fuel.

30  Average product methodology involves estimating emissions  
for goods by collecting data on the mass or other relevant units  
of goods purchased and multiplying by relevant secondary  
(e.g., industry average) emission factors (e.g., average emissions  
per unit of good).

31  Distance-based methodology involves determining the mass, 

distance, and mode of each shipment, then applying the appropriate 
mass-distance emission factor for the vehicle used.

32  Waste-type specific methodology involves using emission factors  

for specific waste types and waste treatment methods.

33  Site-specific methodology involves site-specific fuel, electricity, and 

fugitive emissions data, and applying the appropriate emission factors.

34  Franchise-specific methodology involves collecting  

site-specific activity data or Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions  
data from franchisees.

35  Asset-specific methodology involves collecting asset-specific 
(e.g., site-specific) fuel and energy use data and process and 
fugitive emissions data, or Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions data 
from individual leased assets.

36  Emissions within this category were evaluated and determined 
not to be relevant. Activities identified as downstream 
transportation and distribution do not result in significant  
Scope 3 emissions for the Company.

37  Emissions within this category were evaluated and determined 

not to be relevant. The Company does not have any activities 
that it characterizes as intermediate goods.

38  Total energy includes electricity, natural gas, chilled water,  

hot water, steam, compressed air, renewable energy, and fuels.  
FY19–FY21 data excludes energy from Productions.

39  Percentage grid electricity is purchased electricity consumption 

divided by total energy consumption.

40  Percentage renewables is renewable energy consumption 

divided by total energy consumption. Renewable energy 
consumed includes renewable fuels and renewable electricity 
that we produce or purchase and match with Renewable  
Energy Certificates (RECs) or Guarantees of Origin (GOs).  
The renewable portion of the electricity grid mix for which we 
do not possess RECs or GOs is not included in this calculation.

87

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 
FISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 19  (continued)

Footnotes

41  Percentage zero carbon electricity is zero carbon electricity 

consumption divided by total electricity consumption. We define 
zero carbon electricity as any type of electricity generation that does 
not generate GHGs such as solar, wind, geothermal, nuclear, and 
large-scale hydropower.

42  Waste diverted includes waste prevention, donations, recycling, 

compost, anaerobic digestion, and thermal waste-to-energy. Total 
waste generated includes diverted waste, waste sent to landfill, and 
incineration without energy recovery. Incineration without energy 
recovery is not counted in total waste sent to landfill nor total waste 
diverted—thus the two do not sum to total waste generated.

43  For total Company data, facilities include Theme Parks & Resorts, 

Disney Cruise Line, ESPN, enterprise-owned commercial and office 
spaces, and Pixar. Excluded are all leased properties, Disney Stores 
and Distribution Centers, TV stations, and all construction materials.

44  Diversion rate includes data from annual facility asset planning 

construction projects and construction for new assets that became 
operational in the reporting year, in the U.S. and Europe only.

45  The boundary for Disney’s water volume reporting includes owned 
and operated assets (Theme Parks & Resorts, Disney Cruise Line, 
owned commercial and office spaces, Studios, and ESPN). Water 
consumption from Disney Stores and leased assets are excluded. 
Water data for Shanghai Disney Resort were not included in data 
prior to fiscal 2021.

46  A third-party validator provided limited assurance of our fiscal 2019, 
fiscal 2020, and fiscal 2021 GHG emissions. Limited assurance of 
fiscal 2022 emissions will be reported out upon completion.

Social Impact

47  Charitable cash contributions include Company-directed charitable 
cash donations, including contributions made by the Disney 
Conservation Fund, as well as employee-directed Matching  
Gifts grants and Disney VoluntEARS Grants.

48  In-kind support refers to noncash contributions comprising tangible 

items or non-tangible support. Donations may include, but are not 
limited to, estimated values for merchandise, theme park tickets, 
food, public service announcements (PSAs), character/talent 
appearances, and other noncash charitable support. Due to 
differences in distribution, viewership, programming, availability, 
pricing, marketplace demand, and other variables, PSAs are valued 
differently across our media platforms. For example, in some cases, 
PSAs are valued based on an average sales price for the time 
period. In other cases, the value is based on an average sponsor 

value across a daypart rotation. Therefore, we do not use a single 
method to value PSAs.

49  Includes grants directed toward historically underrepresented  

and protected communities, including Asian American & Pacific 
Islander, Black & African American, Hispanic & Latino, Native 
American & Indigenous, and LGBTQIA+ communities, as well as 
People with Disabilities, veterans, and women. We also include 
grants to organizations where a percentage of their services 
reaches underrepresented and protected communities. If the 
organization spends a majority of its efforts on these communities, 
we count the entire grant, and if the organization does not  
spend a majority, we count a proration of the grant. We rely on each 
organization’s self-reported percentages regarding communities 
served. On a sample basis, we validate the percentages that we report.

50  Disney VoluntEARS data includes hours logged by employees of 
The Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries and is rounded.

51  Supplier diversity data includes Tier 1 spend with firms that  

have obtained certification from a third-party agency as being at 
least 51% owned, controlled, and operated by a minority, woman, 
disabled person, veteran, service-disabled veteran, veteran spouse, 
or lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender person. We validate diverse 
status through certification compliance using WBENC, NMSDC, 
Department of Veterans Affairs, NGLCC, and Disability:IN.

  Workforce, Diversity & Inclusion

52  Employee statistics generally reflect our employment base at the 

end of each fiscal year.

53  Headcount includes employees at The Walt Disney Company 

(TWDC), Hulu, Pixar, Disneyland Paris, and Twenty-First Century  
Fox (TFCF). Excludes dailies, freelancers, contractors, and 
domestic TWDC employees not paid in the last 60 days.

54  Consistent with our 10-K, Global Employee numbers are rounded  

to the nearest thousand.

55  Learning-related data are approximate and rounded. Data reflects 
courses offered through our top learning platforms: D Learn, 
Harvard Spark, Harvard ManageMentor, and Harvard Leading 
Edge. D Learn data represents all employees, excluding Pixar and 
contract workers for all years and Hulu employees prior to fiscal 
2021. Data incorporates both required and non-required courses, 
including online courses, orientations, in-person classes, and on 
demand content. Participants can attend more than one course and 
may view online content more than once, depending on their 
individual needs.

56  Data represents the number of unique courses offered. In CSR 

Reports in prior years, this metric measured the number of 
scheduled classes of a unique course. Methodology was updated  
to better reflect unique courses offered vs. courses consumed.

62  Content representation data for Scripted & Film for fiscal 2021 
were restated due to a change in calculation methodology. 
Updated methodology totals talent by show instead of business 
unit, providing a more accurate measurement of representation.

57  Almost all hourly full-time and part-time nontipped employees  

in our U.S. Disney Parks, Experiences and Products business earn  
a base rate of at least $15/hour, excluding Walt Disney World 
College Program participants (this program is not comparable to 
other employment opportunities, as it includes other benefits such 
as housing and transportation) and Disney Stores in select regions. 
All employees earn minimum wage or higher. Median earnings for 
hourly employees is based on total earnings for total hours paid 
and includes the impact of overtime, shift premiums, and gratuities. 
Excludes the value of benefits for eligible employees.

58  Headcount includes full-time and part-time employees at  

TWDC, Hulu, Pixar, Disneyland Paris, and TFCF. Excludes dailies, 
freelancers, contractors, casual seasonal, interns, and domestic 
TWDC employees not paid in the last 60 days. Domestic counts 
exclude Disney Cruise Line Shipboard. Percentages for women 
based on global full- and part-time headcount. Percentages for 
People of Color include U.S.-based full- and part-time employees 
only. People of Color includes employees who are Asian American, 
Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native American  
or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or 
Two or More Races.

Supply Chain

63  The supply chain for Disney-branded products experiences 

routine fluctuations in active facilities. In any given year, a 
significant number of new facilities may become authorized  
to produce Disney-branded products, which complicates any 
year-to-year comparison. In fiscal 2022, the facility count  
shown includes approximately 2,100 beyond Tier 1 that are 
subject to the purview of the Disney International Labor 
Standards (ILS) program.

64  Facility footprint data includes all facilities authorized to 

manufacture Disney-branded products at any point during  
the fiscal year. With respect to TFCF intellectual property, as 
contracts are newly executed, renewed, or amended with  
respect to the manufacturing of products, the facilities producing 
such goods fall under the purview of the Disney ILS Program  
and are included in the facility footprint data. Facility data are 
rounded to the nearest hundred.

65  For country facility data, total facilities are approximate  

and rounded.

59  “Executive” includes employees at the Director level and above. 

66  Disney uses the World Bank’s Governance Indicators as the 

“Manager” includes employees at Manager levels. “Below Manager” 
includes employees that do not meet Executive or Manager criteria. 
In fiscal 2021 and prior, TFCF Directors were included in Manager.

60  Scripted & Film Representation percentages include ABC 

Entertainment, ABC Signature (previously known as ABC Studios), 
Disney Branded Television, Freeform, FX, Hulu Originals, National 
Geographic, Onyx Collective, 20th Television, and feature films  
from Disney, Disney Animation, Pixar, Lucasfilm, 20th, Searchlight, 
and Marvel. Data are limited to content developed by TWDC and 
excludes Daytime, unscripted, global content developed in region, 
and Star. Data are not available for fiscal 2019.

61  News and Sports Representation percentages include executive, 
project hire, and full- and part-time employees. Data excludes 
contingent workers, student programs, daily employees, and 
seasonal employees. Employees that did not disclose gender 
information or disclosed they are Non-binary/Third Gender are 
included in the Men metric. Employees that did not disclose 
ethnicity information are included in the White metric. Data are 
not available for fiscal 2019.

primary resource for identifying and comparing areas of risk  
and determining where to focus our monitoring resources  
and requirements. Please refer to our Permitted Sourcing 
Countries Policy.

67  The Disney ILS Program works toward ongoing and sustainable 
improvement in working conditions at facilities producing 
Disney-branded products. All Code of Conduct violations 
identified in active facilities as the result of audits or assessments 
must be corrected or remediated within the time periods and in 
the manner established by the Disney ILS Program as a condition 
of continued use of the facility for the production of Disney-
branded products.

  Healthy Living

68  Healthy Living licensing results do not include TFCF businesses 

prior to fiscal 2022.

88

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLE 
 
TCFD INDEX

The Task Force on Climate-related Financial 
Disclosures (TCFD) developed a voluntary 
framework for companies to provide climate-
related information to stakeholders. In line with 
TCFD’s recommendations, each year we publicly 
disclose our climate-related information primarily 
through our CDP Climate Change survey response. 
In the following index, we provide a mapping of 
TCFD’s disclosure recommendations to our CDP 
responses to make clear where to find comparable 
information regarding how we approach and 
manage climate risks and opportunities. 

The Walt Disney Company is committed to  
taking meaningful and measurable action to 
support a cleaner, safer, and healthier planet  
for future generations as we operate and grow  
our businesses. In addition to our annual response 
to CDP’s Climate Change survey, in late 2020  
and late 2022 we launched ambitious goals to 
continue making progress in addressing our 
environmental impacts, and in 2021 the Board 
delegated oversight of environmental, social,  
and governance programs and reporting to  
the Governance and Nominating Committee, 
including with respect to environmental  
and sustainability policies and initiatives.  
For a full description of our goals, read our 
2030 Environmental Goals White Paper.

TOPIC

DESCRIPTION OF TCFD  
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT

COMPLETE TCFD  
DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENT

RELEVANT 2022 CDP CLIMATE  
CHANGE SURVEY RESPONSES

GOVERNANCE

Degree of Board oversight

Management’s role

(a) Describe the Board’s oversight of climate-related risks  
and opportunities.

(b) Describe management’s role in assessing and managing climate-
related risks and opportunities.

C1.1b 

C1.2, C1.2a

STRATEGY

Climate-related risks and opportunities

(a) Describe the climate-related risks and opportunities  
the organization has identified over the short, medium,  
and long term.

C2.1a, C2.3, C2.3a,  
C2.4, C2.4a

Impacts of risks and opportunities

(b) Describe the impact of climate-related risks and opportunities on 
the organization’s businesses, strategy, and financial planning.

C2.3a, C2.4a, C3.1,  
C3.2b, C3.3, C3.4

Resilience of the organization’s strategy

(c) Describe the resilience of the organization’s strategy, taking into 
consideration different climate-related scenarios, including a  
2°C-or-lower scenario.

C3.2, C3.2a, C3.2b

RISK MANAGEMENT

Climate risk identification process

(a) Describe the organization’s processes for identifying and assessing 
climate-related risks.

C2.1, C2.2, C2.2a

Climate risk management process

Integration with other  
risk management processes

(b) Describe the organization’s processes for managing climate-
related risks.

(c) Describe how processes for identifying, assessing, and managing 
climate-related risks are integrated into the organization’s overall 
risk management.

C2.1, C2.2

C2.1, C2.2

METRICS & TARGETS

Identify risk assessment metrics

Identify GHG emissions

Identify targets and risk metrics

(a) Disclose the metrics used by the organization to assess climate-
related risks and opportunities in line with its strategy and risk 
management process.

C4.2, C4.2a, C4.2b

(b) Disclose Scope 1, Scope 2, and, if appropriate, Scope 3 GHG 
emissions, and the related risks.

C6.1, C6.3

(c) Describe the targets used by the organization to manage climate-
related risks and opportunities and performance against targets.

C4.1, C4.1a, C4.2,  
C4.2a, C4.2b

89

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLESASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWTCFD INDEXSASB INDEX

The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards, now part of the International 
Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Foundation, is a set of standards to guide the disclosure of 
sustainability information by companies to their investors. The following index maps our disclosures 
to certain SASB indicators. Given our broad array of businesses that span multiple industries 
around the globe, we have focused this year’s reporting on the recommended indicators for the 
“Media & Entertainment” and “Internet Media & Services” industries. Where relevant, we also 
highlight select information relevant to the “Leisure Facilities,” “Hotels & Lodging,” “Restaurants,” 
“Cruise Lines,” “Apparel, Accessories, and Footwear,” and “Toys & Sporting Goods” industries. As 
our businesses continue to grow and evolve, we expect to advance and refine our disclosures over 
time. Metrics and disclosures are reported on an enterprise-wide level, unless otherwise indicated. 

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC(S)

LOCATION/RESPONSE

GREENHOUSE GAS EMISSIONS

Gross Global Scope 1 emissions

•  Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 81, 87, 88

Discussion of long-term and short-term strategy 
or plan to manage Scope 1 emissions, emission 
reduction targets, and an analysis of 
performance against those targets

•  2030 Environmental Goals White Paper
•  2022 CDP Climate Change Survey Response

ENERGY MANAGEMENT

(1) Total energy consumed,  
(2) percentage grid electricity, and 
(3) percentage renewable

•  (1, 2, 3) Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 82, 87

WATER MANAGEMENT

(1) Total water withdrawn, and 
(2) total water consumed, percentage of 
each in regions with High or Extremely High 
Baseline Water Stress

•  (1, 2) Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 82, 88
•  We are disclosing the total potable water consumption and total non-potable water consumption at this time and  

will assess the expansion of our disclosures in future reporting.

WASTE MANAGEMENT

(1) Total amount of waste,  
(2) percentage food waste, and  
(3) percentage diverted

•  (1, 3) Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 82, 87, 88
•  (2) Not reported

SASB CODE

TR-CL-110a.1

TR-CL-110a.2

TC-IM-130a.1;  
SV-LF-130a.1;  
SV-HL-130a.1;  
FB-RN-130a.1

TC-IM-130a.2;  
SV-HL-140a.1;  
FB-RN-140a.1

FB-RN-150a.1

90

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSASB INDEXSASB INDEX  (continued)

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC(S)

LOCATION/RESPONSE

LABOR CONDITIONS  
IN THE SUPPLY CHAIN

Percentage of  
(1) Tier 1 supplier facilities and  
(2) supplier facilities beyond Tier 1 that have 
been audited to a labor code of conduct, and 
(3) percentage of total audits conducted by a 
third-party auditor

Priority nonconformance rate  
and associated corrective action rate for 
suppliers’ labor code of conduct audits

•  (1) Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 86, 88
•  (2) Not reported
•  (3) Percentage of Tier 1 audits conducted by a third-party auditor provided in Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 86, 88

SASB CODE

CG-AA-430b.1; 
CG-TS-430a.1

•  Priority nonconformance rate was 9%
•  Priority nonconformance rate is defined as the percentage of audits with findings where facilities failed to meet TWDC Minimum  

CG-AA-430b.2; 
CG-TS-430a.2

Compliance Standards. For more information, see the ILS Program Manual. 

•  Corrective action rate was 94%
•  See ILS Program Manual for more information about expectations and timelines for corrective action.

Description of the greatest  
(1) labor and  
(2) environmental, health, and safety risks in 
the supply chain

•  (1, 2) Supply chain assessments identify the most common risks to be in the areas of health and safety, overtime hours, and social 
benefits; see Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, p. 86. We understand that supply chain assessments may not fully 
capture some underreported issues, including such issues as sexual harassment, forced labor, and interference with freedom of 
association. We continue to explore additional methods for gaining such visibility. Our supply chain policy commitments are 
described in our ILS Program Manual, Human Rights Policy, Conflict Minerals Policy, California Transparency in Supply Chains 
Act, UK Modern Slavery Act, and Paper Sourcing and Use Policy.

WORKFORCE DIVERSITY

Programs and policies for fostering 
equitable employee representation across 
global operations

Percentage of gender and racial/ethnic  
group representation for  
(1) management,  
(2) professionals, and  
(3) all other employees

•  World of Belonging, pp. 15–20, 28
•  Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 84, 85, 88
•  Standards of Business Conduct, p. 10 
•  Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination

•  (1, 2, 3) Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 84, 85, 88
•  Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination

CG-AA-430b.3

SV-ME-260a.1

TC-IM-330a.3

91

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSASB INDEXSASB INDEX  (continued)

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC(S)

LOCATION/RESPONSE

LABOR PRACTICES

(1) Average hourly wage and  
(2) percentage of hourly employees earning 
minimum wage

Description of policies and programs to 
prevent worker harassment 

MEDIA PLURALISM

Description of policies and procedures to 
ensuring pluralism in news media content

•  (1, 2) Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 83, 88

•  Standards of Business Conduct, pp. 9–10, 37–38

SASB CODE

SV-HL-310a.3;  
FB-RN-310a.2

SV-HL-310a.4

ABC News is committed to Diversity & Inclusion. There are three pillars to ABC News' Diversity & Inclusion efforts:

SV-ME-260a.2

•  PEOPLE—Our people, at all levels, should reflect the life experiences of our audiences. This is reflected across all staffing levels, 

correspondents, executives, managers, producers, writers, editors, and junior staff.

•  CONTENT—Our work is relevant to a rapidly diversifying audience. This is reflected in the growth of content and story coverage 

that focuses on the experiences and interests of diverse audiences at the intersection of race, politics, culture, and lifestyle.

•  CULTURE—Our environment promotes curiosity, innovation, and ideas from everyone. This is reflected in a number of initiatives, 

including the News Division–wide “Everyday Inclusion” program, relevant employee committees, and frequent Diversity & Inclusion 
workshops and discussions programmed throughout the year.

ABC News’s commitment to the straightforward pursuit of truth drives all our work across platforms in established and new-and-
emerging technologies. Our success lies in our dedication to the highest-quality journalism, which means a commitment to fairness, 
compelling storytelling, and, of utmost importance, uncompromising accuracy. We expect employees to approach their work with 
rigor, to question thoroughly and skeptically, and to analyze deeply. 

We continue to build on the exceptional legacy of ABC News, upholding high standards in journalism, while also leading in 
innovation. Our editorial integrity and commitment to accuracy provide the foundation for the outstanding work that we do.

JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITY & 
SPONSORSHIP IDENTIFICATION

(continued on next page)

Description of approach for  
ensuring journalistic integrity of  
news programming related to:  
(1) truthfulness, accuracy, objectiveness, 
fairness, and accountability 

(1) Truthfulness, accuracy, objectivity, fairness, and accountability: It is the mission of ABC News to inform the public on matters 
of interest and importance to them. The credibility we have with our audience is essential to this mission and we, therefore, attach 
great importance to the maintenance of our fairness and integrity—both real and perceived—as we gather and report the news. 
Company policies on Business Ethics, Fairness, and Insider Trading apply to all employees in every division, and those policies are 
particularly important to ABC News employees. We share responsibility for maintaining our reputation for fairness and accuracy. 
Action that damages that reputation, or even gives the appearance of compromising it, harms both ABC News and the individuals 
involved. All employees of ABC News are, therefore, required to abide by the letter and spirit of our policies and to be alert to 
subtle efforts that could have the effect of compromising the integrity of ABC News.

SV-ME-270a.3

92

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSASB INDEXSASB INDEX  (continued)

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC(S)

LOCATION/RESPONSE

JOURNALISTIC INTEGRITY & 
SPONSORSHIP IDENTIFICATION 
(continued)

(2) independence of content and/or 
transparency of potential bias, and  
(3) protection of privacy and limitation  
of harm

(2) Independence of content and/or transparency of potential bias: ABC News employees are hired to report and record news 
events, not to participate in them. News employees should remain professionally detached in all situations and not take action 
that would be seen as favoring one side or the other. We take particular care to act in a neutral and professional manner where 
the passions of others are engaged or aroused. We must all share an uncompromising commitment to accuracy and fairness in 
reporting the news. We are committed to seeking out knowledgeable and credible sources of information, as well as reaching out 
for and carefully evaluating comments from those accused of wrongdoing and others with relevant information and perspectives on 
the matters that we are covering. When ABC News covers stories about The Walt Disney Company or other affiliated or subsidiary 
companies, we make clear disclosures about the relationship.

(3) Protection of privacy and limitation of harm: News staffers receive extensive guidance and training on privacy concerns and 
other legal issues through legal and standards training sessions. And as a regular part of our newsgathering process, there are 
targeted reporting meetings to discuss journalistic and legal issues.

Similarly, the mission of ESPN is to provide credible, timely, contextual, and trustworthy information. This mission is supported by 
detailed editorial guidelines intended to protect ESPN’s journalistic credibility across platforms and with the oversight of the 
ESPN Editorial Board. ESPN reviews its performance against these standards on an ongoing basis and regularly reviews and 
provides training on guidelines for personnel. Ultimately, every member of the ESPN editorial teams is responsible for upholding 
the reputation and integrity of ESPN reporting.

SASB CODE

SV-ME-270a.3

NUTRITIONAL CONTENT

Number of advertising impressions made on 
children, percentage promoting products that 
meet national dietary guidelines for children

•  Approximately 100% of food and beverage advertising on our media platforms oriented to kids and families meets Disney 

FB-RN-260a.3

Nutrition Guideline standards.

•  Disney Nutrition Guideline standards are informed by national dietary guidelines and focus on limiting calories, fats, sugars,  

and salt while promoting consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein, and low-fat dairy.

DATA PRIVACY

Description of policies and practices relating 
to behavioral advertising and user privacy

•  We are committed to giving consumers transparency into our data collection and use practices and having robust controls over 
how we use that data. Our privacy policy describes how consumers’ information is collected and used, as well as the very limited 
circumstances under which consumer data may be shared with third parties. That policy also contains information about choices 
consumers must make to limit the use of their data for targeted advertising and direct marketing purposes. Links to the privacy 
policy, as well as the control mechanisms for limiting targeted advertising, can be found on our Privacy Center.

TC-IM-220a.1

Number of users whose information is used 
for secondary purposes

•  As described above, we are committed to giving consumers notice about how their data will be used, and we only share data 

TC-IM-220a.2

with third parties in very limited circumstances, such as when the consumer gives their consent or where the third party is acting 
as our service provider. Accordingly, we do not have a policy of using consumers’ data for secondary purposes.

DATA SECURITY STANDARDS

Description of approach to identifying and 
addressing data security risks, including use of 
third-party guidelines for children

•  Our approach to cybersecurity is addressed in the Operating Responsibly section of this report on p. 75, and in greater detail in 

FB-RN-260a.3

our Information Security Management System document online.

93

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSASB INDEXSASB INDEX  (continued)

TOPIC

ACCOUNTING METRIC(S)

LOCATION/RESPONSE

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
PROTECTION & MEDIA PIRACY

Description of approach to ensuring 
intellectual property (IP) protection

•  Disney strives to foster a culture that values intellectual property protection to promote creativity, storytelling, and innovation,  
as well as maintain consumer trust. We engage in practices that protect Disney’s intellectual property, including our brands, 
characters, and content. We also respect the intellectual property rights of others and do not knowingly use the intellectual 
property of third parties without appropriate rights. Disney also requires all contributors to respect third-party intellectual  
property rights. We have also implemented internal intellectual property policies and trainings to increase awareness and  
respect for intellectual property rights among all Disney employees.

Households reached by broadcast TV

•  The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, p. 7

Subscribers to cable networks

• The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, pp. 7, 9

Subscribers to streaming services 
(“Entity-defined measure of user activity”)

Total number of media productions and 
publications produced

Number of manufacturing facilities, 
percentage outsourced

•  The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, p. 40

•  The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, pp. 11–12
•  Our film library includes content from approximately 100 years of production history, as well as acquired film libraries, and 
totals approximately 5,100 live-action titles and 400 animation titles. The library includes approximately 50 movies and 
approximately 30 series that the Studios group produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms. Our television 
programming library includes content from approximately 70 years of production history. Series with four or more seasons 
include approximately 75 one-hour dramas, 55 half-hour comedies, 5 half-hour non-scripted series, 30 one-hour non-scripted 
series, 15 half-hour animated series, and 10 half-hour live-action series. The library includes approximately 130 series produced 
for initial distribution on our DTC platforms.

•  Number of manufacturing facilities provided in Fiscal 2022 Data Table & Data Table Footnotes, pp. 86, 88

Number of available room-nights

•  The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, p. 44

Average occupancy rate

•  The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, p. 44

Number of lodging facilities and the 
percentage that are:  
(1) managed,  
(2) owned and leased, and/or 
(3) franchised

•  (1, 2) The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10-K, pp. 14–17
•  (3) N/A
•  Five of the hotels located in Shanghai and Hong Kong are owned via a joint venture where our ownership is less than 50%.
•  Disney Vacation Club offers ownership interest in 15 resort facilities, which are operated as hotel rooms when not occupied by 

Vacation Club members.

SASB CODE

SV-ME-520a.1

SV-ME-000.A

SV-ME-000.A

TC-IM-000.A

SV-ME-000.B

CG-TS-000.B

SV-HL-000.A

SV-HL-000.B

SV-HL-000.D

94

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORS

The United Nations Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) are a collection of 17 global goals 
intended to provide a shared blueprint to achieve 
a better and more sustainable future for all. The 
following table provides select examples of how 
our corporate social responsibility programs 
support most of the SDGs.

UN SDG 1 
No Poverty

UN SDG 3 
Good Health & Well-Being

UN SDG 4 
Quality Education

•  We have worked with UNICEF for many years, 
and when the humanitarian crisis began in 
Ukraine, we leveraged our media platforms to 
support UNICEF in helping families displaced 
by the conflict. ABC News coverage and on-air 
mentions across our networks drove thousands 
of viewers to UNICEF’s website, raising more  
than $3 million in a few weeks.

•  In fiscal 2022, in addition to supporting 30 Feeding America 

member food banks to help increase access to fresh produce for 
communities that need it most, Disney also supported Feeding 
America’s efforts in response to Hurricane Ian. In addition, Disney 
continues to help alleviate food insecurity by supporting hunger 
relief organizations worldwide. For example, in Latin America, 
Disney supports the work of the Global Food Banking Network 
and the efforts of food banks in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, 
Colombia, and Mexico.

•  Disney Institute has trained more than 

23,000 hospital workers since 2018. In fiscal 
2022, experts from Disney Institute again held 
multiple training sessions for KK Women and 
Children’s Hospital (KKH) based in Singapore. 
The course focused on training hospital staff to 
create compassionate connections and meaningful moments 
with patients through three service principles: Serve with Heart, 
Reach Higher, and Own It. More than 5,000 KKH employees 
and leaders from multiple departments were in attendance.

•  We continue to offer our Employee Assistance Program (EAP), 
which is available to all employees, cast members, and their 
family and household members. Our EAP provides 24/7 
support and connects participants directly to a licensed 
network therapist at no cost.

•  Disney hosted our first Global Well-Being Week in 2022, 

spotlighting the wide-ranging physical, mental, and financial 
benefits we offer while providing employees with easy ways 
to take advantage of the benefits. 

•  In 2022, Disney continued to promote our new Center for 
Living Well—Gaea Center for Gynecology, Maternity, and 
Fertility—in Orlando. The center provides employees, cast 
members, and their partners with comprehensive, connected, 
and compassionate care to help navigate their family-
building journeys.

•  We are intentional about how we promote healthy foods and 

beverages to kids through our Nutrition Guideline Policy. These 
guidelines apply to our Studio promotions, food and beverage 
licensing, third-party advertising on our kids’ networks, and  
kids’ meals in Disney Parks. Ongoing reviews of these global 
guidelines help us reflect up-to-date dietary guidance and 
consider the evolving social and scientific understanding of 
children’s physical and digital lives. In fiscal 2022, we continued 
to have approximately 100% of food and beverage advertising 
on our owned and controlled media platforms oriented to kids 
and families meet our Nutrition Guideline Policy.

•  We made a $1 million contribution to 

Exceptional Minds in fiscal 2022 to help 
source, skill, scale, support, and sustain 
neurodiverse talent over the next three 
years. Our funds will be used for 
scholarships, academy faculty, career 
support services, and facilities and technology.

•  In fiscal 2022, we launched Disney Future Storytellers, 

Disney’s commitment to empowering the next generation 
of storytellers and innovators. From charitable grants and 
programs that provide inspiration and hands-on experience in 
arts and science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) 
education for school-age children, to scholarships, mentoring, 
and creative and technical skill-building for teens and young 
adults, Disney is increasing access to careers in the media, 
entertainment, technology, and hospitality industries for youth, 
especially for individuals from historically underrepresented or 
underserved communities.

•  In fiscal 2022, we donated more than 3 million books to  
First Book, and since 2000 we’ve distributed more than 
90 million books, to help inspire the next generation of 
storytellers. We also collaborated with Blue Star Families to 
host the 20th Blue Star Books event with a reading by First 
Lady Dr. Jill Biden. The event was part of the White House’s 
Joining Forces initiative to support military and veteran 
families, caregivers, and survivors.

•  In fiscal 2022, we worked with CARE India to empower 
1,400 adolescent girls across 10 schools in Mumbai, 
helping them realize their potential to lead a better life.  
The program has established 18 vibrant community 
learning centers that give girls a space outside of school to 
learn and hone their vocational skills. We also worked with 
the Parivaar Education Society in India to support 400 girls 
with education, boarding, food, medical assistance, sports 
and recreation, clothing, and more.

95

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSASB INDEXFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSDG INDICATORSSDG INDICATORS  (continued)

UN SDG 5  
Gender Equality

UN SDG 6  
Clean Water & Sanitation

UN SDG 7 
Affordable & Clean Energy

UN SDG 8  
Decent Work & Economic Growth

•  45% of our 2023 Director nominees 

are women.

•  In fiscal 2022, women represented 51% of our 
employees worldwide, based on self-reported 
information.

•  In fiscal 2022, we worked with CARE India to empower 

1,400 adolescent girls across 10 schools in Mumbai, helping 
them realize their potential to lead a better life. The program 
has established 18 vibrant community learning centers that 
give girls a space outside of school to learn and hone their 
vocational skills. We also worked with the Parivaar Education 
Society in India to support 400 girls with education, boarding, 
food, medical assistance, sports and recreation, clothing, 
and more.

•  In fiscal 2022, we launched two new cohorts of the 

Women’s Talent Network to enhance careers for Asian 
American & Pacific Islander and Latina employees. One 
hundred participants joined the pilot across both programs.

•  As of fiscal 2022, we commissioned or 

announced more than 200 megawatts of 
solar capacity.

•  In collaboration with the utility serving Walt 
Disney World Resort, two 75-megawatt solar 
facilities are expected to come online and are 
projected to bring the Resort’s renewable energy  
consumption up to nearly 40% of its annual total power use. 

•  Disneyland Paris is continuing the construction of 

approximately 50 acres of solar canopies, which will provide 
shade and shelter to more than 11,000 parking spaces and are 
estimated to generate approximately 36 gigawatt hours of 
electricity once fully operational.

•  Hong Kong Disneyland has embarked on the next phase of 
one of the largest solar panel sites in Hong Kong, installed  
at 21 different attractions and buildings.

•  Select operations subscribe to high-credibility green power 

programs that advance the decarbonization of Disney and our 
local communities. For example, Pixar is subscribed to 100% 
renewable electricity through East Bay Community Energy.

•  In 2022, we continued to implement site-

specific water conservation strategies at our 
theme parks and resorts, including using 
artificial turf and implementing a sophisticated 
irrigation control system at Disneyland Resort 
as part of drought-fighting efforts. 

•  Disneyland Paris is in the process of retrofitting the 

showerheads in two hotels with new LED-lit technology  
heads that allow guests to adjust their use to help conserve 
water. The turbine-powered LED lights change color based  
on the amount of water used, moving from blue to green, 
yellow, and eventually red when water use exceeds a certain 
volume. In a pilot, the new showerheads reduced water use  
by an average of 22% per room.

•  We are identifying critical regional water issues and are 

continuing to collaborate with local stakeholders, such as 
industry and nonprofit organizations, to safeguard the overall 
health of watersheds as a multiuse sustainable resource.  
For example, we support WWF-Hong Kong’s project to foster 
innovative approaches, such as the use of water buffalo, to 
conserve wetlands in the Shui Hau watershed and increase  
water security for local people and wildlife. We also support 
The Nature Conservancy’s work in central Florida, including 
efforts to address growing freshwater demands, enhance water 
quality, improve water supply, and reduce flood risks through 
green stormwater infrastructure.

•  Our approach to sustainable design helps contribute to 

cleaner air, more efficient use of water, and less waste for the 
communities in which we operate.

•  Since 2012, Disney has contributed more 

than $24 million through our Supply Chain 
Investment Program (SCIP) to 40 unique 
programs in more than 20 countries, 
directly benefiting 250,000 workers 
and supporting tools that have reached and 
benefited 14 million additional workers.

•  Our International Labor Standards (ILS) program is informed 
by Disney’s Standards of Business Conduct, Human Rights 
Policy (which was updated in 2022), and Supply Chain 
Code of Conduct, along with a range of other responsible 
business expectations.

•  Disney Aspire pays 100% of tuition up front at network 

schools and is available to ~85,000 eligible hourly full-time 
and part-time employees and cast members in the United 
States. As of the end of fiscal 2022, ~13,000 employees were 
enrolled in Disney Aspire.

•  In fiscal 2022, approximately 2.2 million employee learning 
sessions were taken online or in person through D Learn, 
Harvard Spark, Harvard ManageMentor, and Harvard Leading 
Edge—our top learning platforms.

•  We increased our mentoring programs from 13 to 35 across 

Disney in fiscal 2022. Enrollment in these programs 
increased by 44% and mentoring hours increased by 25% 
from fiscal 2021.

•  In fiscal 2022, to reward the important contributions of  

certain job levels below the executive level, Disney expanded 
eligibility for participation in our Annual Bonus Plan.

96

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSASB INDEXFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSDG INDICATORSSDG INDICATORS  (continued)

UN SDG 10  
Reduced Inequalities

UN SDG 11 
Sustainable Cities & Communities

UN SDG 12 
Responsible Consumption & Production

UN SDG 13 
Climate Action

•  In fiscal 2022, ~60% of our charitable  

giving was directed to programs supporting  
under represented communities.69

•  Disney pledged $5 million to organizations 
serving the LGBTQIA+ community through 
support for inclusive and respectful workplaces and authentic 
representation of LGBTQIA+ in media and entertainment.

•  Now in its second year, Disney on the Yard continues to build  
a community for alumni from Historically Black Colleges and 
Universities (HBCUs) and provides meaningful opportunities 
for HBCU students who dream of one day working in the 
entertainment field. We also joined the Propel Center (an 
education hub for HBCUs) as a lead sponsor, and created the 
Disney Storytellers Fund at Howard University and Florida 
A&M University. Additionally, we continued our long-
standing work with United Negro College Fund (UNCF)  
and announced the 2022 Disney UNCF Corporate Scholars.

•  Our Heroes Work Here initiative celebrated its  

10th anniversary in 2022 and has resulted in more  
than 12,500 veterans being hired across the Company 
through the end of 2022.

•  In fiscal 2022, we worked with KultureCity, a leading 

nonprofit focused on sensory accessibility and acceptance, 
to launch sensory-inclusive screenings that cater to 
audiences with sensory needs, such as autism.

•  ESPN continued to support the Special Olympics USA Games. 
In fiscal 2022, more than 5,500 athletes and coaches from all 
50 states and the Caribbean united for a week of competition, 
sportsmanship, and fun at the at ESPN Wide World of Sports 
Complex at Walt Disney World.

•  Our 2022 Workforce Diversity Dashboard, 2022 Content 

Representation Dashboard, 2021 EEO-1 report, and our Pay 
Ratio Disclosure are available online.

•  In fiscal 2022, we spent more than $800 million with  

diverse suppliers, an increase of almost 80% compared to 
fiscal 2021. Disney has also increased Company-wide 
spending with U.S. veteran– and veteran spouse–owned 
businesses to approximately $6.4 million in 2022.

69  See footnote 3 on p. 12.

70  See footnote 8 on p. 31.

•  In fiscal 2022, we gave a total of ~$233 million 
in cash and in-kind charitable contributions.

•  Through our Disney VoluntEARS program, our 
employees and cast members worldwide have 
collectively contributed nearly 13 million hours 
of service to their communities since the 
program was started nearly 40 years ago.

•  In fiscal 2022, our disaster relief support included Hurricane  
Ian recovery efforts, addressing the impacts of wildfires in 
Argentina, supporting children and families in Ukraine, and 
providing short-term monetary assistance to employees 
experiencing hardships—including those impacted by 
Hurricane Ian—through the Employee Relief Fund.

•  In fiscal 2022, we diverted 58% of total Company 
operational waste from landfills and incineration.

•  Disney Cruise Line intends to be free of  

single-use plastics by 2025. Examples include 
introducing alternatives to plastic merchandise 
bags and guest laundry bags, disposable cutlery, 
cold beverage lids, and even plastic drink garnish sticks. In 
addition, to encourage the use of reusable water bottles, refill 
stations have been installed on all ships and Castaway Cay. 

•  In 2022, we introduced a new requirement prohibiting the use 
of per- and polyfluoroalkyl substances—known as PFAS—in 
consumer products developed, sourced, and distributed by a 
Disney entity.

•  We are committed to achieving net zero  

GHG emissions for direct operations by 2030, 
including reducing our absolute Scope 1 and 
Scope 2 GHG emissions by 46.2% by 2030, 
against a 2019 baseline.70

•  We are committed to reducing Scope 3 emissions in line 

with a “well below 2°C” scenario by 2030.

•  The Disney Wish set sail in fiscal 2022 and was designed  
to be among the most energy-efficient cruise ships on the 
water. The Disney Wish was primarily powered by liquefied 
natural gas in fiscal 2022, which, when compared  
to traditional diesel or marine fuel, significantly reduces 
several emissions and pollutants.

•  Our approach to sustainable design helps contribute to  

•  Disneyland Paris offered guests limited-edition tote bags,  

•  In fiscal 2022, ABC News’ dedicated climate unit 

cleaner air, more efficient use of water, and less waste for  
the communities in which we operate.

duffel bags, briefcases, and pouches for purchase, which were 
made from a recycled tarp that previously covered Sleeping 
Beauty Castle during renovation work.

•  Our Product Integrity function oversees Disney’s safety policies, 
procedures, and operating requirements for physical products 
containing Disney intellectual property across the enterprise. 
Disney requires that licensees and vendors contractually commit 
to follow sensible, reasonable, and proper procedures for verifying 
that Disney-branded products comply with applicable safety 
regulatory requirements and any additional requirements that 
may be specified by Disney. We also have policies to manage the 
use of chemicals in products, and in fiscal 2022 we updated our 
Supply Chain Code of Conduct to include “Quality and Safety.”

highlighted people and organizations making an impact  
in Hidden Climate Heroes and took an in-depth look at the 
causes and risks of climate change in a monthlong series, 
Climate Crisis: Saving Tomorrow. The unit also teamed up 
with Teen Vogue to explore teenagers’ growing concerns 
about climate change and the effects on their mental health.

•  Through National Geographic, Disneynature, and our other 
content platforms, Disney enjoys a rich and growing library 
of programming that connects audiences with the wonders 
of our natural world and inspires action to create a cleaner, 
safer, and healthier planet. In 2022, our broad portfolio of 
nature-focused stories included Disneynature’s Polar Bear 
and National Geographic’s Explorer: The Last Tepui, Secrets 
of the Whales, and The Biggest Little Farm: The Return. 

97

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSASB INDEXFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSDG INDICATORSSDG INDICATORS  (continued)

UN SDG 14 
Life Below Water

UN SDG 15 
Life On Land

UN SDG 16 
Peace, Justice & Strong Institutions

UN SDG 17 
Partnerships For The Goals

•  We strive to conduct our business in accordance 
with high standards of business ethics and comply 
with applicable laws, rules, and regulations 
wherever we operate. 

•  Our Standards of Business Conduct apply to 

all employees and provide resources and tools 
to promote ethical conduct and compliance with the law. 
Our Board of Directors is also held accountable to these 
principles, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and  
Ethics for Directors.

•  We maintain relationships with the 

stakeholders and communities we serve 
through ongoing dialogue. We work with a 
variety of stakeholders representing diverse 
perspectives—including consumers, 
employees, industry and business 
collaborators, nonprofit and social impact organizations, and 
shareholders—as we believe this can enhance our ability to 
identify opportunities and, in some cases, solutions to some 
of our most pressing challenges. We also engage on policy 
issues both directly and through industry associations on 
issues relevant to our businesses. Ongoing and responsive 
engagement with key stakeholders continues to inform our 
CSR strategy, goals, and initiatives.

•  We collaborate with several initiatives and organizations  
to address environmental and social priorities. See p. 30  
and p. 71 for examples.

•  Responsible selection and sourcing of 

seafood is important to our business, to 
the livelihoods of the fishing industry 
worldwide, and to the health of the planet 
for future generations. In fiscal 2022, our 
U.S. parks, resorts, and cruise line sourced 
nearly 100% sustainable seafood.71

•  Disney Conservation Team Wildlife has provided leadership 
and expertise to support the Orlando-based Florida Coral 
Rescue Center. This state-of-the-art facility was established 
for gene banking and care of Florida corals rescued from 
reefs not yet affected by Stony Coral Tissue Loss Disease, 
which has put 22 coral species at risk of extinction. In April 
2022, the first reported spawning of rough cactus coral in 
human care took place at the Center.

•  As part of the $5 million we have invested since 1995  
to help sea turtle conservation efforts globally, in  
2022, the Disney Conservation Fund supported a new 
mentorship and career training program hosted by the 
Sea Turtle Conservancy to spark passion for sea turtle 
conservation among central Florida youth from diverse  
and underserved communities.

•  In fiscal 2022, our sea turtle efforts reached an important 
milestone. Disney Conservation Team Wildlife celebrated  
1.5 million sea turtles hatched from nests monitored by  
our team at Disney’s Vero Beach Resort since 2003.

•  Several of our businesses supported beach cleanup events 
in fiscal 2022. In honor of World Ocean Day on June 8th, 
30 Disney VoluntEARS and family members took part in  
a beach cleanup in Guangzhou, China. For International 
Volunteer Day, VoluntEARS from Shanghai Disney Resort 
supported beach cleanup in Chongming Island, Shanghai.

•  Disney Conservation Fund has invested more 
than $120 million—along with the expertise  
of dedicated teams—in community-led 
biodiversity conservation efforts since 1995 to 
help protect more than 1,000 species of wildlife 
and safeguard more than 315 million acres of habitat—an 
amount equal to more than 10,000 Walt Disney World Resorts.

•  To help increase the Western monarch butterfly population, 
more than 400 Disney VoluntEARS across the United States 
planted butterfly-friendly backyard environments in 2022.

•  Our Disney team based in India began supporting Wildlife 

SOS’s efforts in 2021 and continued support throughout 2022 
to rescue and rehabilitate elephants illegally taken from the 
wild. To date, more than 40 elephants have been given care  
and medical treatment at Wildlife SOS’s Elephant Hospital and 
Elephant Conservation and Care Centre, established in 2010 
and the first center of its kind in northern India.

•  At Disney’s Animal Kingdom Theme Park, we celebrated the 

birth of the 13th white rhino born at Walt Disney World Resort—
an important milestone made possible by the dedication and 
care of Disney scientists, veterinarians, and keepers.

•  In December 2021, Disney’s Animal Kingdom celebrated the 
41st birthday of Gino, the oldest western-lowland gorilla at 
Walt Disney World Resort. He is one of the first gorillas in the 
world to allow his caretakers to perform cardiac ultrasounds 
without anesthesia, an important step in the advancement of 
care for his species, and more broadly for animal care and 
gorilla conservation globally.

•  National Geographic has been actively caring about our 

planet for well over a century. Today, National Geographic 
Partners—a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company 
and nonprofit National Geographic Society—continues this 
legacy. We return 27% of the net proceeds from our National 
Geographic lines of business to fund conservation, education, 
and sustainability projects.

71  See footnote 10 on p. 34.

98

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSASB INDEXFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSOVERVIEWSDG INDICATORSFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements in this communication may be deemed 
to be “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of 
the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 
1995, including statements regarding our plans; beliefs; 
expectations; continuation or future execution of initiatives, 
programs, activities, policies, or disclosures; strategies; 
goals; objectives; intentions; commitments; pledges; 
priorities; targets; and other statements that are not 
historical in nature. These statements are made on the 
basis of management’s views and assumptions regarding 
future events and business performance as of the time the 
statements are made. Management does not undertake 
any obligation to update these statements. Actual results  
may differ materially from those expressed or implied. Such 
differences may result from actions taken by the Company, 
including restructuring or strategic initiatives (including 
capital investments, asset acquisitions or dispositions, 
integration initiatives, new or expanded business lines, or 
cessation of certain operations), our execution of our 
business plans (including the content we create and IP we 
invest in, our pricing decisions, our cost structure and our 
management and other personnel decisions), or other 
business decisions, as well as from developments beyond 
the Company’s control, including:

• further deterioration in domestic and global  

economic conditions;

• deterioration in or pressures from competitive 
conditions, including competition to create or  
acquire content and competition for talent;

• consumer behavior and consumer preferences and 

acceptance of our content, offerings, pricing model  
and price increases, and the market for advertising 
sales on our DTC services and linear networks;

• health concerns and their impact on our  

businesses and productions;

• global economy-wide transitions and availability  

of economically feasible solutions;

• international, regulatory, political, legal,  

or military developments;
• technological developments;
• labor markets and activities;
• adverse weather conditions or natural  

disasters and environmental developments; and

• availability of content.

Each such risk includes the current and future  
impacts of, and is amplified by, COVID-19 and related 
mitigation efforts. Such developments may further 
affect entertainment, travel, and leisure businesses 
generally and may, among other things, affect  
(or further affect, as applicable):

• our operations, business plans, or profitability; 
• demand for our products and services;
• the performance of the Company’s content;
• our ability to create or obtain desirable content  

at or under the value we assign the content; 

• the advertising market for programming;
• construction;
• income tax expense; 
• expenses of providing medical and pension  

benefits; and

• performance of some or all Company  

businesses, either directly or through their  
impact on those who distribute our products.

Additional factors are set forth in the Company’s  
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended 
October 1, 2022, including under the captions “Risk 
Factors,” “Management’s Discussion and Analysis,” and 
“Business”; quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, including 
under the captions “Risk Factors” and “Management’s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
Results of Operations”; and subsequent filings with  
the Securities and Exchange Commission.

99

Data & Reporting FrameworksOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingFISCAL 2022 DATA TABLETCFD INDEXSASB INDEXSDG INDICATORSOVERVIEWFORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTSLEARN MORE:

TheWaltDisneyCompany.comImpact.Disney.comThis report contains links to websites that are not operated by The Walt Disney Company.

The website owner’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy will apply.

At The Walt Disney Company, our mission is to entertain, inform, and inspire people around the globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds, and innovative technologies that make ours the world’s premier entertainment company.

Since our founding nearly 100 years ago, storytelling has fueled our Company, and contributing positively to our communities has been integral to how we operate.

This report shares our track record and ongoing efforts to make the world better for individuals, families, and communities through our stories, experiences, operations, and philanthropy.

We inspire a world of belonging by embracing stories and storytellers who reflect the life experiences of people from across the globe.

In fiscal 2022, we released award winning and critically acclaimed films and shows that respect and celebrate different communities, such as Encanto, Abbott Elementary, Prey, Turning Red, Reservation Dogs, and Ms. Marvel, among others.

We also continue to make progress toward a workforce reflective of the audiences and guests we serve.

This past year we continued to invest in programs like Disney’s Veterans Institute, Disney on the Yard, Women’s Talent Network, and Black Talent Network, to help attract and develop a more diverse workforce at all levels.

We also celebrated the 10th anniversary of our Heroes Work Here program, which has resulted in more than 12,500 veterans being hired across the Company through the end of 2022.

And we launched Disney Future Storytellers to increase access to careers in media, entertainment, technology, and hospitality.

Additionally, more than 140 million of our charitable giving was directed to programs serving underrepresented communities.

We encourage a world in balance by lowering the environmental impact of our operations and investing in wildlife care and conservation.

This past year we launched the Disney Wish, designed to be among the most energy efficient cruise ships on the water.

We also continued to reduce the environmental impact of our productions and received 58 Green Seals and 38 Gold Seals from the Environmental Media Association.

In December 2022, we updated our emission reduction goals to include our broader value chain and we plan to submit our goals to the Science Based Targets initiative for validation.

And our Disney Conservation Fund contributed nearly 6.7 million in grants to more than 60 nonprofit organizations across 32 countries.

We support a world of hope and deliver joy, comfort, and peace of mind to our communities when they’re needed most through our charitable giving, which totaled approximately 233 million in fiscal 2022.

We have now invested more than 75 million in our 100 million hospital initiative to bring the positive power of Disney stories and characters to more than 700 children’s hospitals and pediatric places of care around the world.

We also continue to grant thousands of wishes annually to children facing critical illness.

Our success, however, is defined not by our efforts, but by the actual good we do for the communities we serve.

True community engagement is about more than writing a check.

Through our Disney VoluntEARS program, our employees and cast members worldwide have collectively contributed nearly 13 million hours of service to their communities since the program was started nearly 40 years ago.

The underlying character of our Company comes from the hard work, energy, and dignity of our people.

Investing in the health, safety, and overall well being of our employees providing opportunities for development and career mobility and maintaining a supportive, respectful workplace require concrete solutions.

In 2022, we expanded our education investment and career development program, Disney Aspire, and launched a new virtual leadership program for senior leaders called Disney IGNITE.

We also reported adjusted pay ratios, which were at least 99% across gender, race, and ethnicity in the U.S.

We are focused on operating responsibly and on conducting our business in accordance with high standards of ethics.

In 2022, we updated our Human Rights Policy, enhanced our Supply Chain Code of Conduct, and celebrated the 10th anniversary of our Supply Chain Investment Program, which provides grant funding to support tools and programs that improve working conditions and enhance accountability in global supply chains.

As you read this report, we hope you share our excitement about the progress we made this past year and the many opportunities ahead to deliver meaningful impact from our efforts.

We are excited to celebrate our 100th anniversary create even more magical experiences and further serve our employees, guests, consumers, and communities in 2023 and beyond.

The mission of The Walt Disney Company is to entertain, inform, and inspire people around the globe through the power of unparalleled storytelling, reflecting the iconic brands, creative minds, and innovative technologies that make ours the world’s premier entertainment company.

Since the Company’s founding nearly 100 years ago, operating responsibly has been an integral part of our DNA.

Our corporate social responsibility (CSR) efforts address the expectations of our people, consumers, communities, and investors, and help us to attract, retain, and develop talented and diverse creators, cast members, and employees, all of whom contribute to our business success.

We take a strategic approach to setting our CSR priorities, addressing issues that are important to our businesses and to the communities where we operate.

We regularly monitor issues and evolve our efforts to ensure we remain focused on the economic, environmental, and societal matters that impact those we serve.

Disney strives to inspire a world of belonging by embracing broad representation and respect for every individual in our workplace, storytelling, and communities a world in balance by taking action to create a cleaner, safer, and healthier world and a world of hope by supporting our communities, especially children.

We are also investing in our people and operating responsibly.

Working together, side by side, our first responsibility is to have a meaningful, measurable, and positive impact on the people we serve.

This report details our key actions across these focus areas and describes how we’ve continued to implement our CSR strategy across our offerings, operations, and charitable giving initiatives.

Inclusion of information in this report should not be construed as a characterization of the materiality or financial impact of that information.

We are committed to cultivating a welcoming and respectful workplace, creating content and experiences that inspire our global audiences, and collaborating with community organizations to make our industries accessible to all.

Through our 2030 environmental goals, we are working to reduce emissions, use and waste less, lower the impact of our products, build sustainably, and inspire communities to protect the magic of nature together.

We support communities around the world in ways only Disney can, leveraging the power of our stories and beloved characters, reach of our platforms, and employee and cast member talents.

Our employees are at the heart of every one of our stories and are the reason we can entertain, inform, and inspire people all over the world.

We are focused on investing in our peoples’ health, safety, and overall well being creating a supportive and inclusive culture and providing opportunities for growth, development, and career mobility.

We are committed to operating our businesses with integrity and adopting governance policies that represent our stakeholders’ interests, and we are committed to conducting business in accordance with high standards of business ethics and complying with applicable laws, rules, and regulations.

CSR at Disney is led by our Executive Vice President (EVP), Corporate Social Responsibility, Jennifer Cohen, who reports to our Chief Executive Officer.

She works in close collaboration with our Chief Financial Officer, Chief Human Resources Officer, Chief Diversity Officer, Chief Compliance Officer, General Counsel, Investor Relations, Global Public Policy, Government Relations, our segment business leaders, and their respective teams.

Together they develop strategies, policies, programs, and other initiatives to address our priorities across our offerings, operations, and philanthropic giving.

Additionally, the Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board has oversight of CSR programs and reporting.

Our EVP of CSR provides updates on CSR topics to the Committee throughout the year and presents to the full Board at least annually.

The Board has also delegated oversight of specific topics to certain committees.

The Governance and Nominating Committee oversees human rights policies and lobbying and political strategy.

The Audit Committee oversees cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies.

And the Compensation Committee oversees workforce equity matters.

This includes compensation of the Company’s executive officers for example, diversity has been included as a factor in the executive bonus plan for many years, and in fiscal 2022, diversity and inclusion again had the highest weighting among nonfinancial objectives.

You will see relevant icons in various sections throughout this report to demonstrate where our efforts align with specific United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) a collection of global goals intended to create a cleaner, safer, and healthier future for all.

We are committed to operating respectfully and responsibly in all that we do, and having a meaningful, positive impact on all the communities and people we serve.

We maintain relationships with the stakeholders and communities we serve through ongoing dialogue.

We work with a variety of stakeholders representing diverse perspectives including consumers, employees, industry and business communities, nonprofit and social impact organizations, and shareholders as we believe this can enhance our ability to identify opportunities and, in some cases, solutions to some of our most pressing challenges.

We also engage on policy issues both directly and through industry associations on issues relevant to our businesses.

Ongoing and responsive engagement with key stakeholders continues to inform our CSR strategy, goals, and initiatives.

Consumer surveys Focus groups Fan events Social media interactions Customer service emails and calls Cause marketing campaigns.

Employee surveys and focus groups Town halls Conversations focused on topics that matter to our employees, like inclusion and respect in the workplace.

Employee volunteering and giving Business unit specific initiatives (e.g., Disney Studios virtual executive coffees).

Industry conferences Industry and multi stakeholder coalitions Supplier meetings and collaborations.

Signature social impact initiatives Campaigns (e.g., cause marketing, awareness campaigns) Multi stakeholder coalitions Charitable giving Employee volunteering and giving Consultation on priority topics (e.g., climate change, human rights, diversity, environmental goals).

Management and Board engagement Earnings calls Annual shareholder meetings Conferences and events.

Our customer engagement approach helps us better understand what our consumers expect from us.

For example, it helps inform how we can utilize our unique content and experiences to inspire millions globally to show up as a force for good in our world.

Through a variety of outlets, we participate in a two way responsive dialogue where we learn what our employees value, their levels of satisfaction as well as their concerns, and their knowledge of and engagement with key issues at Disney.

For example, in 2022 we surveyed employees across the enterprise.

Learnings help to inform our ongoing work to develop programs that support and further the employee experience.

Through engagement with industry leaders and suppliers, we join efforts to create large scale, industry wide change, as well as to learn about trends and insights related to our specific businesses.

For example, we are active participants in multi stakeholder efforts to improve labor conditions in global supply chains, such as the Joint Forced Labor Working Group and the Business at OECD Investment and Responsible Business Conduct Committee.

NGOs and social impact organizations address challenges, both globally and locally.

Their expertise and on the ground programs enable us to reach individuals and communities that need us most, such as historically underrepresented communities that we aim to serve through our Disney Future Storytellers program.

Additionally, these organizations educate us on the evolving trends regarding impact areas and or regions.

Members of management, the Board, and our Investor Relations team have a strong program of engagement with shareholders.

For example, in calendar year 2022, our Investor Relations team contacted more than 95% of our largest 50 shareholders, and our Investor Relations team and Board held two formal rounds of shareholder engagement.

This was in addition to regular ongoing engagement throughout the year with investors of all sizes from around the world.

The feedback gathered during these conversations helps inform the Board’s thinking, including on CSR practices and disclosures.

Through financial contributions, collaboration with nonprofit organizations, and in kind donations, Disney brings positive, meaningful, and measurable impact to our communities around the world.

Guided by our Charitable Giving Guidelines, we focus on investments that align to our CSR focus areas leverage our unique resources, skills, talents, and expertise and address pressing community needs.

In the past decade, we have also matched more than 104 million in employee and cast member personal donations of money and time through Disney’s Matching Gifts and VoluntEARS Grants programs.

Charitable giving highlights are included throughout this report.

We also include grants to organizations where a percentage of their services reaches underrepresented and protected communities.

If the organization spends a majority of their efforts on these communities, we count the entire grant, and if the organization does not spend a majority, we count a proration of the grant.

For grants to these two types of organizations, we rely on their self reported percentages regarding communities served.

On a sample basis, we validate the percentages that we report.

We are committed to directing 50% of our annual charitable giving to programs benefiting underrepresented communities.

We inspire a world of belonging through stories and storytellers who reflect the rich diversity of our world.

Disney is committed to celebrating an inclusive and respectful world.

We create authentic and unforgettable stories, characters, experiences, and products that capture the imagination of our global audiences.

Our workplace practices help us to make progress toward attracting, retaining, and developing a workforce that reflects the diverse life experiences of our audiences and guests.

Disney also collaborates with community organizations to create opportunity around the world through charitable giving and strategic endeavors.

Reimagine Tomorrow endeavors to inform employees, community organizations, and fans about our DEI commitments and actions.

Our Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion team is working across the Company to inspire positive change.

By supporting the creation of content and experiences that resonate with our ever expanding global audiences, promoting diverse representation, and collaborating with numerous nonprofit organizations and cultural experts, we are helping Disney remain a place for boundless creativity and belonging.

To make progress toward a workforce that reflects the market.

We are focused on engaging, developing, and retaining a diverse workforce and leadership team.

When our workforce reflects the diversity of our consumers worldwide, we are able to better and more authentically serve those consumers.

Disney takes a meaningful and measurable approach to expanding our pipeline of talent, and we strive to follow industry best practices, including marketing roles on platforms that reach broad audiences using respectful, welcoming language in our job descriptions and forming inclusive panels to interview candidates.

We offer optional training to support leaders in identifying, attracting, and engaging a multifaceted talent pool.

We also work to engage, develop, and retain a leadership team and workforce that reflect our audiences.

For example, we promote accessible workplaces and we strive to recruit, train, and integrate employees with disabilities in alignment with industry best practices.

To attract and retain representative talent at the executive level, we invest in talent development programs like the Black Talent Network, which launched in 2020.

This initiative expands exposure for Black talent across the Company and helps to increase representation in senior level roles.

Participants engage with senior leaders and create career plans to expand their opportunities within the Company, and 86% of Black Talent Network participants said they know the next steps to achieve their career possibilities.

In fiscal 2022, we launched two new cohorts of the Women’s Talent Network to enhance careers for Asian American Pacific Islander (AAPI) as well as Latina employees.

One hundred participants joined the pilot across both programs.

Our individual businesses also facilitate talent development programs.

For example, Disney General Entertainment continues its Executive Incubator Program, which works to create a pipeline of the next generation of creative executives by providing participants from underrepresented backgrounds with experience in various aspects of the content business.

A few additional examples of how we are building a robust talent pipeline are included on the next page.

Now in its second year, Disney on the Yard continues to build a community for alumni from Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and provide meaningful opportunities for HBCU students who dream of one day working in the entertainment field.

The program builds on Disney’s support of HBCUs through scholarships and engagement with students, faculty, and alumni.

Focused on building a robust, long term pipeline of Black talent, in fiscal 2022 Disney on the Yard launched an inaugural summer program in which students from HBCUs received unique on the job experience with Disney.

Disney is working to attract wide ranging talent to our technology teams.

We are a proud supporter of The Grace Hopper Celebration of Women in Computing, the world’s largest gathering of women and nonbinary people in technology.

In fiscal 2022, we supported the conference, both in person and virtually, as a top tier Emerald sponsor with more than 300 Disney representatives attending.

Since 2020, Disney has also participated in AfroTech, an annual gathering of technologists focused on celebrating Black and African American community, culture, and innovation.

These conferences, and many others, enable Disney to engage with prospective talent and share innovations and content from across the Company.

In fiscal 2022, Disney’s Lucasfilm launched the Get in the Door initiative, which offers a robust website and documentary video series showcasing various Disney career opportunities and how to build a rewarding career in the industry.

The initiative encourages talent from underrepresented backgrounds to explore careers in entertainment production.

It reaches a broad cross section of audiences, allowing them to see themselves in these roles through a wide network of social platforms, presentations, and recruitment avenues.

The Walt Disney Studios supports the professional development initiatives of LatinX in Animation (LXiA), a signature program of the Latino Film Institute, by hosting talks to inspire artists in their own work and facilitating networking and hiring opportunities for LXiA members.

LXiA is dedicated to uniting a talented pool of diverse innovators across the animation, visual effects, and gaming industries.

Through our collaboration, talented groups of Latino creators are empowered to craft exceptional stories across multiple platforms and help bring valuable perspectives to our talent pipeline.

We are honored to champion the veteran community of the United States of America.

In 2022, Disney celebrated the 10th anniversary of Heroes Work Here, an innovative hiring program that has resulted in more than 12,500 veterans being hired across the Company through the end of 2022, and we look forward to continuing to grow this program.

Launched in 2012, the program is committed to hiring, training, and supporting U.S. military veterans and military spouses while elevating awareness of their significant contributions as civilian employees.

The program, which also included a supporting comic book from Marvel Entertainment, quickly surpassed its initial benchmark of providing at least 1,000 career opportunities for veterans by 2015 a goal that was met in less than a year.

And it continues to support individuals who have worn the uniform who are transitioning to the civilian workforce at Disney and beyond.

In 2013, Disney launched the Veterans Institute, a series of no cost events designed to help companies enhance their recruiting, training, and development of veteran talent.

The institute provides a forum for sharing best practices in hiring veterans and military spouses, and promoting skills and opportunities for a successful transition from the military to the civilian workforce.

In fiscal 2022, the seventh Veterans Institute Summit, presented by Disney Institute and Wounded Warrior Project, convened 600 organizations and challenged organizations and individuals to determine what’s next in hiring, training, and support programs for veterans and military spouses.

Support for the U.S. Armed Forces is a long standing Disney tradition, and our Heroes Work Here program continues that proud legacy.

Employees with military service are an essential part of our Disney family and contribute immeasurably to our work of telling incredible stories and making magic.

We could not be more honored to champion U.S. military service members in all lines of work here at Disney.

U.S. Army Reservist and Walt Disney World Resort cast member Greg Jackson is one of thousands of employees across Disney who have proudly served in uniform.

To put the responsibility for an inclusive culture in the hands of our leaders and employees through comprehensive educational opportunities and engagement efforts.

Across Disney, we cultivate, value, and encourage curiosity, collaboration, and creativity from everyone and strive to build supportive environments that inspire optimism and drive innovation.

We work to create a culture that is respectful and welcoming to all, including through our Business Employee Resource Groups (BERGs) and employee affinity groups, celebrations of heritage months, and leadership accountability and engagement.

With the addition of a new human resources management system, employees in select countries and regions now have the option to indicate their pronouns.

And employees also have access to optional DEI learning programs that help foster a culture that welcomes all, celebrate our unique perspectives, and promote respect for one another regardless of identity or background.

Disney supports affinity groups and more than 100 BERGs, our voluntary, employee led groups formed around shared identity, interests, and pursuits.

These groups are a key component of nurturing a sense of employee belonging, visibility, and cultural understanding.

Employees can network with peers, participate in outreach and mentoring programs, acquire new skills, build leadership capabilities, and develop their careers.

In fiscal 2022, we expanded our celebration of affinity months and cultural moments.

We elevated the voices and stories of employees, talent, producers, fans, and families around the world engaged employee VoluntEARS amplified awareness on social media and supported community organizations with social impact grants.

History Month featured Black Freeform employees, talent, fans, and influencers.

Women’s Resource Center to support an awareness week for missing and murdered Indigenous women and girls.

On International Women’s Day, we held an executive speaker series on global gender equality challenges.

Month, Disney engaged experts and talent to explore mental health stigmas and challenges in the AAPI community and shared tools and resources for self care and allyship.

In fiscal 2022, we formed a dedicated team focused on year round LGBTQIA inclusion in our workplace, content, and community giving and engagement.

Disney also pledged 5 million to organizations serving the LGBTQIA community through support for inclusive and respectful workplaces and authentic representation of LGBTQIA in media and entertainment.

In addition, Disney became a Human Rights Campaign National Corporate Partner at the Platinum tier.

During LGBTQIA Pride Month, Disney employees participated in Pride parades in 17 cities while our Owned Television Stations and Hulu live streamed Pride parades.

Hulu was the exclusive streaming platform for GLAAD Media Awards and supported GLAAD PSAs featuring the story of an LGBTQIA teen and his family.

Disney released Say It with Pride on its YouTube and Facebook channels.

Additionally, the Disney Pride Collection was created by LGBTQIA employees and allies at The Walt Disney Company, and all profits from sales from the collection in June 2022 were donated to organizations around the world that support LGBTQIA communities.

Across our platforms, we champion storytelling that reflects the world around us and helps us develop meaningful relationships with our consumers.

We strive to present genuine, authentic, and respectful storytelling.

To do so, we engage individuals, families, and communities across the globe, and we embrace different perspectives in our filmmaking, both in front of and behind the camera.

Across the film and television industry, studios and organizations like the British Film Institute and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences have adopted policies, practices, and standards to grow representation and respect for all communities.

In line with evolving industry practices, we have and are continuing to develop representation guidelines across Disney General Entertainment (DGE) content and Studio live action productions.

Walt Disney Animation Studios’ Encanto (Academy Award winner), Pixar’s Turning Red, ESPN ’s exclusive coverage of the annual Department of Defense Warrior Games, ABC and 20th Television’s Emmy Award winning Abbott Elementary, 20th Century Studios’ Prey, Marvel Studios’ Eternals and Ms. Marvel, Star Wars’ Andor, Hulu Originals’ This Fool, Onyx Collective’s The Hair Tales, FX’s Peabody Award winning Reservation Dogs, and Nat Geo’s Life Below Zero: First Alaskans.

Photo Credits: Abbott Elementary: ABC Matt Sayles.

Reservation Dogs: Courtesy of FX Networks Copyright 2023, FX Networks.

Life Below Zero: Jody Potts Joseph in the winter season.

In fiscal 2022, we collaborated with the Pillars Fund to create the Pillars Muslim Artist Database, which contains profiles of actors, directors, cinematographers, sound technicians, and other Muslim professionals working in the U.S. film industry.

The network is accessible to directors, producers, and casting directors who can search the profiles and invite artists to collaborate on their projects.

Disney’s Creative Talent Development Inclusion (CTDI) team connects writers, producers, directors, and other creative talent from a variety of backgrounds to opportunities across DGE.

In fiscal 2022, 100% of CTDI Writers and Directors program participants were staffed on DGE scripted series.

CTDI continues to provide direct mentorship and support to talent through events, networking opportunities, and coursework, including the DGE Writing Program, Directing Program, and Production Assistant Program.

Disney Launchpad: Shorts Incubator serves as an entry point for emerging filmmakers, including writers and directors, from underrepresented backgrounds and with varied perspectives, with the goal of making an original short for Disney.

In fiscal 2022, Launchpad expanded from six directors to 12 writers and directors after receiving nearly 2,000 applications.

Season Two filmmakers come from a variety of backgrounds, including Black, Native American, Native Hawaiian, and LGBTQIA .

The program, which also expanded to include creative executives across the Company as mentors, is on track to release six short films in 2023.

Disney collaborates with many leading community organizations to guide content creators in developing authentic stories and accurate cultural portrayals.

These organizations include CAPE, GLAAD, IllumiNative, NALIP, National Hispanic Media Coalition, Pillars, RespectAbility, and the Geena Davis Institute on Gender in Media.

In addition, in fiscal 2022 Disney collaborated with Gold House to launch an industry wide media guide that provides resources to support creators in developing authentic and affirming representation of Asian Pacific Islander communities.

Diversity has to be on the page before it can ever show up on the screen.

With the pairing of writers and directors for our new season, we can’t wait to share a new group of thought provoking and creatively inspiring shorts that reflect the world we live in.

Disney wants every guest to be able to enjoy our experiences, and we work to adhere to accessibility best practices and standards.

Our parks offer many accessible options, starting with online information and printed guidebooks to help guests fully experience the magic of the parks.

Each park shares accessibility information on their site specific website.

As examples of our efforts, at Walt Disney World Resort, accessibility services include wheelchair Electric Conveyance Vehicle access, captioning, assistive listening, sign language interpretation, audio description, and more.

At Disneyland Paris, we adapt our offerings to accommodate a range of disabilities.

We empower guests to access all attractions based on their autonomy.

We have integrated audio description services across the resort, provide a console with 3D printed maps for visually impaired guests, introduced sign language interpretation at select shows, offer assistive listening devices, adapted changing areas, adapted hotel and shuttle services, and more.

We continue to ensure that accessibility priorities are taken into account for our guests and cast members.

And at Hong Kong Disneyland, we teamed up with the Hong Kong Federation of Handicapped Youth to pilot a new accessibility training program for cast members.

After completing the intensive training, cast members are appointed barrier free ambassadors.

Shanghai Disney Resort celebrated International Day of Persons with Disabilities (IDPD) with an inspirational surprise, its first wheelchair flash mob dance, where wheelchair dancers delighted guests with their moves.

Additionally, since 2021, Hong Kong Disneyland Resort has showcased a wheelchair dance performance with Hong Kong Wheelchair Dance Sport Association to create an inclusive cavalcade for IDPD.

Also, just in time to mark the 25th anniversary of the it’s a small world Holiday experience, the beloved Disneyland Resort attraction welcomed two new dolls in wheelchairs to better reflect the diversity of children across the globe.

From design to installation, Imagineers worked closely with Resort Enhancement, Animation, Wardrobe, and the ENABLED BERG that advocates for People with Disabilities.

Wheelchair dancers gave a spirited performance in Shanghai Disney Resort’s first wheelchair flash mob dance in December 2021.

We offer a range of tools and accessibility features across our streaming services, and we are working on improving offerings.

Features vary by platform and may include tools such as audio descriptions, closed captioning, keyboard navigation, and interoperability with popular screen readers.

We are committed to ongoing efforts to increase the accessibility of our content for all consumers.

In addition, ABC was recently honored by the American Council of the Blind with an award for Outstanding Achievement Audio Description Contribution for Live Events for their audio descriptions of live specials like the Oscars .

Disney is exploring ways to make moviegoing more accessible.

In fiscal 2022, we worked with KultureCity, a leading nonprofit focused on sensory accessibility and acceptance, to launch sensory inclusive movie screenings that cater to audiences with sensory needs such as autism.

Exceptional Minds, a nonprofit academy and post production studio for people on the autism spectrum, consulted on our strategy and attendee experience.

Together, we designed a moviegoing experience featuring trained staff, expedited check in, reduced seating capacity, dimmed lighting, lowered sound, and sensory bags with items like noise canceling headphones.

In June 2022, we piloted the experience at the El Capitan Theatre in Los Angeles, which has committed to hosting at least one screening respectful of audiences with sensory needs for each new major release moving forward.

Marvel Studios’ Eternals presented an important opportunity to include the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community in Disney’s ongoing work to make content more accessible.

Eternals’ diverse team of heroes features the first Deaf character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, played by Deaf actress Lauren Ridloff.

We worked with exhibitors to provide on screen captions, held an open caption premiere with American Sign Language (ASL) interpreters, and hosted screenings for organizations supporting the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community.

Exhibitors, including AMC Theatres and Regal Cinemas, announced their commitment to on screen captioning for Eternals and new movie releases across multiple regions.

We often adapt songs into ASL music videos so the Deaf and Hard of Hearing community can experience popular tracks from their favorite films and franchises.

This year, the Disney Music Group collaborated with Deaf West Theatre on an ASL version of We Don’t Talk About Bruno from Disney Animation’s Encanto for International Day of Sign Languages.

We Don’t Talk About Bruno and Surface Pressure were also released in British Sign Language (BSL).

In fiscal 2022, more than 140 million ( 60%) of our charitable giving was directed to programs that support Asian American and Pacific Islander, Black and African American, Hispanic and Latino, Native American and Indigenous, and multicultural communities, as well as women, veterans, People with Disabilities, and LGBTQIA individuals.4 Through impactful collabor ations and strategic community investments, we are helping to advance authentic representation in media and entertainment (e.g., the Pillars Muslim Artist Database) drive economic opportunity, access, and equity in the business communities in which we operate (e.g., Out Equal, RespectAbility) create inclusive and respectful entertainment experiences (e.g., sensory accessible movie screenings with Exceptional Minds) and empower future generations of storytellers and innovators (e.g., Ghetto Film School, Hispanic Scholarship Fund, Asian Pacific Islander American Scholars, American Indian College Fund).

In fiscal 2022, we launched the Disney Future Storytellers initiative, described in the spotlight on the next page.

Disney employees paint a mural that honors LGBTQIA history and culture in East Los Angeles with Rainbow Labs.

In fiscal 2022, we launched Disney Future Storytellers, Disney’s commitment to empowering the next generation of storytellers and innovators.

From charitable grants and programs that provide inspiration and hands on experience in arts and science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education for school age children, to scholarships, mentoring, and creative and technical skill building for teens and young adults, Disney is increasing access to careers in the media, entertainment, technology, and hospitality industries for youth, especially for individuals from historically underrepresented or underserved communities.

It all starts with inspiring today’s youth to dream about their future by sparking an interest in storytelling and technology.

From there, we invest in programs that help them build the skills they need to turn their dreams into reality.

Finally, we help young adults become who they imagine they can be by removing barriers and expanding access to professional training and networks with early career opportunities and financial support.

We want all youth to have access to rewarding opportunities in our industries.

It is important to our future success to have a workforce that is representative and respectful of all communities so that we can create successful content and products reflecting our wide ranging audiences.

Disney Musicals in Schools, which builds sustainable arts programs in under resourced public schools, was rebooted in 22 markets following the pandemic.

Through the program, elementary school students and teachers join professional artists to produce their very own Disney KIDS musical on stage.

In Japan, Disney collaborated with Junior Achievement and sponsored our first ever program for middle school students in provincial areas.

Students created characters and stories, and local Disney producers served as mentors to guide the students.

In Korea, in alignment with the Disney launch in November 2021, we expanded programs that invest in young creators.

Programs support underprivileged children as well as teens that attend special purpose schools, such as animation high schools.

In fiscal 2022, Disney began working with ChickTech, an organization committed to bringing gender equity to technology.

We are supporting ChickTech’s high school program, which includes a free, yearlong series of technology workshops, mentoring, and internship connections for eighth to 12th grade students.

Our support includes grant funding for the program mentorship, networking, and event opportunities and the development of a technical workshop with Disney technologists.

In fiscal 2022, Disney joined the Propel Center, a first of its kind education hub for HBCUs, as the organization’s arts, media, entertainment, and hospitality lead sponsor.

We also created the Disney Storytellers Fund at Howard University and Florida A M University to generate opportunities for historically underrepresented students in media and entertainment.

Additionally, we continued our long standing work with United Negro College Fund (UNCF) and announced the 2022 Disney UNCF Corporate Scholars.

Scholars receive a 5,000 annual scholarship, a paid summer intern ship at Disney, mentorship opportunities, and assistance with securing possible full time roles with Disney upon graduation.

In the UK, we strengthened local collaborations with education, community, and industry nonprofits.

Organizations included MAMA Youth Project, The London Screen Academy, Stage One, Artistry Youth Dance, and The Thea Barnes Legacy Fund, among others.

In fiscal 2022, Marvel entered the second year of a three year collaboration with The Prince’s Trust, which offers training and mentorship for young people in the field of product design, and released the Women of Marvel: Stronger Together collection, featuring clothing, bags, and more.

We made a 1 million contribution to Exceptional Minds in fiscal 2022 to help source, skill, scale, support, and sustain neurodiverse talent over the next three years.

Our funds will be used for scholarships, academy faculty, career support services, and facilities and technology.

Many of the program’s graduates are offered full time employment at Disney, Marvel, and other studios.

Disney mentors are working with students in the Anaheim Union High School District through Anaheim’s Innovative Mentoring Experience.

As part of an ongoing workforce development initiative, Disneyland Resort has been a key supporter of the program since 2019, providing funding and mentorship, including a behind the scenes look at how business is conducted with a bit of Disney magic.

We believe that including diverse suppliers in our sourcing process provides a meaningful opportunity to seek innovative, high quality, and cost effective business solutions, while also supporting communities.

Last year, we set a goal to spend at least 1 billion annually with diverse suppliers by 2024.

Reaching this goal would place Disney among the top U.S. companies that are spending with diverse suppliers and would impact the communities where we do business by creating jobs and opportunities.

Throughout fiscal 2022, the Supplier Diversity team worked closely with internal analytics groups to develop a dashboard that guides business unit leaders in their supplier diversity benchmarks.

Internal leaders can access the dashboard to review their teams’ progress toward our diverse spending goal.

This and other initiatives influenced the significant increase in diverse spending in fiscal 2022.

In fiscal 2022, we also expanded our diversity classifications to include U.S. military spouse owned businesses.

We validate diverse status through certification compliance using WBENC, NMSDC, Department of Veterans Affairs, NGLCC, and Disability:IN.

We collaborate with supplier diversity focused organizations at the national, regional, and local levels, as well as business development organizations, advocacy groups, and trade show organizers.

In fiscal 2022, our Supplier Diversity and Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (DPEP) teams sponsored the Russell Innovation Center for Entrepreneurs (RICE) Supply Chain Accelerator pilot that helped Black entrepreneurs do business with industry leaders, large corporations, and government agencies.

The pilot included 35 growth stage companies 66% of which were women owned and began with a comprehensive gap assessment to understand needs and drive a detailed action plan.

Our Supplier Diversity team also began working with the Supplier Diversity Action Committee, an internal coalition of television marketing executives who advocate for agencies run by People of Color, women, LGBTQIA individuals, veterans, People with Disabilities, and others in the agency selection process.

DGE led a committee that identified and created a database of more than 1,000 vendors to open doors to diverse businesses in the production and post production categories.

Diverse entrepreneurs participated in sessions on storytelling, customer service, and supplier diversity at Walt Disney World Resort as part of the Company’s support for the Russell Innovation Center for Entrepreneurs Supply Chain Accelerator.

World of BelongingOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalancePEOPLECULTURECONTENTTRANSPARENCY ACCOUNTABILITYCOMMUNITYOVERVIEW U.S. Air Force Thunderbirds air demonstration team flies over Cinderella Castle at Magic Kingdom Park at Walt Disney World Resort in Lake Buena Vista, Florida, October 27, 2022, as a prelude to the beginning of National Veterans and Military Families Month in November.

We continue to expand our commitment to the individuals who have worn the uniform and have served the United States of America.

Our efforts for U.S. veterans and their families extend beyond our Heroes Work Here program with our Heroes Supply Here endeavor.

Through this program, we support businesses that are owned by veterans, including service disabled veterans, as well as U.S. military spouses.

We’re committed to helping these communities earn the financial security they want, need, and deserve.

By focusing our supplier efforts on work with veteran entrepreneurs and business owners, Disney has increased Company wide spending with U.S. veteran and veteran spouse owned businesses to approximately 6.4 million in 2022.

In 2022, Disney participated in panel discussions and business workshops in New Orleans that were hosted by minority business development groups, including Women’s Business Enterprise Council (WBEC) South and the U.S. Department of Commerce’s Minority Business Development Agency.

Disney also sponsored and provided executive support for WBEC’s National Black Business Pitch, an event dedicated to discovering, promoting, and investing in Black business talent.

Transparency and accountability are an important part of our efforts.

In fiscal 2022, we increased disclosure of meaningful metrics by releasing a new Pay Ratio Disclosure dashboard, and we continued to share data on representation of women and People of Color in our workforce and in front of and behind the camera.

Our 2022 Workforce Diversity Dashboard, 2022 Content Representation Dashboard, 2021 EEO 1 report, and our adjusted Pay Ratio Disclosure are available online, and we intend to continue publishing these reports annually.

Our Senior Vice President and Chief Diversity Officer, Latondra Newton, leads the Company’s strategic DEI initiatives in partnership with businesses and leaders across the Company.

The CEO Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Council is accountable for establishing and advancing DEI efforts and outcomes.

And the Creative Inclusion Council unites leaders from our creative teams to identify and scale practices that foster inclusion and respect in the creative process and deliver authentic and meaningful stories to our audiences around the world.

All U.S. based employees are covered by our Equal Employment Opportunity Policy, Prohibition of Harassment Policy, and our Speak Up Policy, which encourages employees who observe or suspect misconduct to speak up to provide the Company with the opportunity to address the issue.

Employees outside the U.S. are covered by policies reflecting these principles but tailored to their specific region.

We come together to help change the course of our planet’s story, creating a cleaner, safer, and healthier world for people and wildlife.

Disney is committed to taking meaningful and measurable action to support a healthier planet for future generations as we operate and grow our businesses.

We are focused on putting possibility into practice and inspiring optimism for a brighter, cleaner, and healthier future a unified commitment we call Disney Planet Possible.

Our commitment to environmental sustainability goes back to our founding nearly 100 years ago.

As Walt Disney himself said, Conservation isn’t just the business of a few people, it’s a matter that concerns all of us.

Our environmental commitments, summarized in this report and detailed in our 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper, represent some of the ways we are focused on helping to build on that legacy for communities around the globe, generation after generation.

In December 2020 and December 2022, we established a set of environmental goals that aim to reduce greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions help protect local watersheds minimize waste create products and packaging with environmentally preferable materials and design and construct our buildings and attractions sustainably.

We are a member of several initiatives and organizations, which we engage with regularly to support actions consistent with the Paris Climate Agreement and other environmental, climate, and conservation ambitions.

Association of Zoos and Aquariums Business Alliance to Scale Climate Solutions Business Roundtable Ceres Company Network Clean Energy Buyers Association Climate Solutions working group Conservation Measures Partnership Cruise Lines International Association International Union for Conservation of Nature Sustainable Apparel Coalition Sustainable Aviation Buyers Alliance Sustainable Production Alliance Textile Exchange The Chamber of Commerce Climate Task Force The World Resources Institute’s Corporate Consultative Group and Aqueduct Alliance.

U.S. Green Building Council World Association of Zoos and Aquariums.

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White PaperEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE CONSERVATION2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSOVERVIEW In alignment with our net zero emissions goal set in 2020, as well as the Paris Climate Agreement, we announced in December 2022 that we are setting a science based target for all our emissions Scopes 1 and 2 in our direct operations, as well as Scope 3 in our broader value chain.

We plan to submit this target to the Science Based Targets initiative (SBTi) for assessment.

Like most companies setting aspirational Scope 3 targets, these are challenging goals, and success depends on several external factors, including actions by our suppliers to reduce their emissions, global economy wide transitions to cleaner fuels, availability of economically feasible solutions at scale, and consumer behavioral changes.

Industry collaboration is key to addressing some of these challenges.

See previous page for some of the organizations we engage with regularly.

Scope 2 emissions (market based) include emission reductions attributed to utility green power purchases, power purchase agreements, and unbundled energy attribute certificates (EACs).

Our approach to carbon credits can be found in our Natural Climate Solutions White Paper.

We will have achieved our 2030 net zero emissions goal when net emissions as defined above equals 0.

We are working to reduce our emissions by identifying ways to improve efficiency, reduce energy use, and use alternative low carbon fuels.

Our film and television productions are working to reduce emissions by replacing the diesel generators traditionally used to power sets and instead tying into the grid while on location or using battery electric, hybrid (diesel plus battery), and green hydrogen fuel cell generators.

For example, in 2022, battery electric generators, which were recharged by solar panels, provided power for several weeks while filming on a beach, and grid ties replaced diesel generators on backlots in London, Vancouver, and Los Angeles.

We continue to make energy efficient upgrades at our theme parks and resorts.

For example, Shanghai Disney Resort installed a new water pump in the Pirates of the Caribbean attraction and added timing controls to outdoor fountains.

Together, we expect to see approximately 830,000 kilowatt hours in electricity savings annually.

And Hong Kong Disneyland completed the installation of smart air conditioner occupancy sensors in guest rooms.

This energy saving feature is now in use in all three hotels.

The Disney Wish set sail in fiscal 2022 and was designed to be among the most energy efficient cruise ships on the water.

The Disney Wish was primarily powered by liquified natural gas in fiscal 2022, which, when compared to traditional diesel or marine fuel, significantly reduces several emissions and pollutants.

We also invest in high quality, verified, and rigorously vetted natural climate solutions that generate meaningful carbon reductions as well as positive social and economic impacts.

These projects help us address emissions from our direct operations that we cannot avoid.

For example, our investment with Proyecto Mirador provides fuel efficient, wood burning cookstoves to families in rural Honduras and Guatemala.

Disney is committed to purchasing or producing 100% zero carbon electricity for all direct operations globally by 2030.

We continue to research, invest in, and develop renewable electricity projects across our global portfolio.

As of fiscal 2022, we have commissioned or announced more than 200 megawatts of solar capacity.

In collaboration with the utility serving Walt Disney World Resort, two 75 megawatt solar facilities are expected to come online and are projected to bring the Resort’s renewable energy consumption up to nearly 40% of its annual total power use.

Disneyland Paris is continuing the construction of approximately 50 acres of solar canopies, which will provide shade and shelter to more than 11,000 parking spaces and are estimated to generate approximately 36 gigawatt hours of electricity once fully operational.

Hong Kong Disneyland has embarked on the next phase of one of the largest solar panel sites in Hong Kong, installed at 21 different attractions and buildings.

Select operations subscribe to high credibility green power programs that advance the decarbonization of Disney and our local communities.

For example, Pixar is subscribed to 100% renewable electricity through East Bay Community Energy.

Mickey shaped solar facility (located near EPCOT), which provides power to Walt Disney World Resort, was built in collaboration with Reedy Creek Improvement District and Duke Energy.

Disney recognizes that water is essential for ecosystems and vital for communities and our operations around the world.

Water is a shared resource, and we know that the Company’s operations have an impact on local watershed conditions as well as on the health of our oceans.

In keeping with the latest data and standards, our strategy reflects that water is a highly local issue, with individualized considerations in each geography.

In 2022, we continued to implement site specific water conservation strategies at our theme parks and resorts.

For example, we are using artificial turf and are implementing a sophisticated irrigation control system at Disneyland Resort as part of drought fighting efforts.

And Disneyland Paris is in the process of retrofitting the showerheads in two hotels with new LED lit technology heads that allow guests to adjust their use to help conserve water.

The turbine powered LED lights change color based on the amount of water used, moving from blue to green, yellow, and eventually red when water use exceeds a certain volume.

In a pilot, the new showerheads reduced water use by an average of 22% per room.

We are identifying critical regional water issues and are continuing to collaborate with local stakeholders, such as industry and nonprofit organizations, to safeguard the overall health of watersheds as a multi use sustainable resource.

For example, we support WWF Hong Kong’s project to foster innovative approaches, such as the use of water buffalo, to conserve wetlands in the Shui Hau watershed and increase water security for local people and wildlife.

We also support The Nature Conservancy’s work in central Florida, including efforts to address growing freshwater demands, enhance water quality, improve water supply, and reduce flood risks through green stormwater infrastructure.

Responsible selection and sourcing of seafood is important to our business, to the livelihoods of the fishing industry worldwide, and to the health of the planet for future generations.

In fiscal 2022, our U.S. parks, resorts, and cruise line sourced nearly 100% sustainable seafood.10 Fisheries are periodically evaluated for sustainability, and ratings for specific species do sometimes fluctuate.

This affects our ability to source consistently to our ambitious 100% target.

Nonetheless, our commitment to our 100% sustainably sourced seafood goal remains, and we continue to collaborate with the Sustainable Fisheries Partnership in their work across the supply chain to improve fishing and aquaculture and advance sustainable seafood production.

The breakdown of sustainable seafood in fiscal 2022 was: 6% Best Choice, 73% Eco certified, 11% Good Alternative, 1% Avoid, 9% Fishery Improvement Projects (FIP), and 1% Unrated.

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 Environmental Goals White PaperData Reporting Frameworks2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE CONSERVATIONWATEROVERVIEW The growing amount of waste produced today poses a threat to our environment and ecosystems, and to communities around the world.

Our long term waste management plan includes permanently reducing waste on our properties, including food waste reusing products and materials being deliberate about material sourcing maximizing recycling reducing single use and other plastics and focusing on education efforts with our guests and employees.

Our parks, hotels, and cruise businesses are integrating recycled content fiber into their cast and crew member costumes.

For example, costumes and set pieces in The Little Mermaid theatrical production aboard the Disney Wish ship are made from recycled plastic, with more than 50% of the fabric used in the production made from recycled materials.

The fabrics were also uniquely dyed using a waterless printing method, saving water compared to traditional dyeing processes.

Back on land, the cast members at the newly opened Guardians of the Galaxy: Cosmic Rewind attraction at EPCOT are donning uniforms designed and created from sustainable features 70% of each uniform’s base fabric is made from recycled content.

Marvel Studios’ Moon Knight series created a pop up waste garden where recyclables and other waste were collected and sorted by a local company that provides training and jobs to people transitioning out of homelessness.

At the studio where Moon Knight was filmed, we plan to set up waste gardens for future films.

In addition, Prom Pact, a Disney Original movie, introduced refillable water stations, saving the equivalent of more than 40,000 single use plastic bottles of water during production.

As we evolve our COVID 19 health and safety practices in line with local, regional, and federal guidelines, eliminating single use plastic water bottles through refillable water stations will once again be a focus for our studios.

Costumes and set pieces in The Little Mermaid theatrical production aboard the Disney Wish ship are made from recycled materials.

Our approach to reducing food waste begins with menu planning to predict how many meals we will serve in a given day in order to prevent food waste before it begins.

When there is unused food, we donate it to support local communities whenever feasible.

We also utilize composting and biodigestion, and convert food waste into animal feed where possible.

For instance, we have composting pilots at several restaurants, and Vero Beach Resort and Castaway Cay have installed biodigesters to manage inedible food waste.

We are committed to reducing single use plastics in our parks and resorts, and eliminating single use plastics on our cruise ships.

For example, in fiscal 2022, Hong Kong Disneyland replaced plastic, disposable food service ware items, including to go containers and cutlery, with wood alternatives and reusable melamine.

Disney Cruise Line has been working to eliminate single use plastic categories and intends to be free of single use plastics by 2025.

Examples include introducing alternatives to plastic merchandise bags and guest laundry bags, disposable cutlery, cold beverage lids, and even plastic drink garnish sticks.

In addition, to encourage the use of reusable water bottles, refill stations have been installed on all ships and Castaway Cay.

As we explore options for the responsible disposal of glass from Walt Disney World Resort, we are piloting the use of a machine that pulverizes glass into gravel and sand like pieces.

This material can be used across the property in areas such as roadbeds, golf course bunkers, filtration systems, sandbags, and drainage.

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE CONSERVATIONWASTEOVERVIEW Limited edition tote bags, duffel bags, briefcases, and pouches were made from a recycled tarp that previously covered Sleeping Beauty Castle.

To reduce environmental impacts across our consumer products portfolio, we identified a set of materials that are consistently used in high volumes and or are known to have significant environmental impacts associated with their production and or use.

Such materials include paper, wood, and palm oil from forest products, as well as textiles and plastics.

Our materials goals focus on reducing the environmental impacts of these materials while also helping our manufacturing network to become cleaner and safer as a whole.

Our cross functional consumer products task force works to advance our materials goals and produce comprehensive training resources to help our global teams and external collaborators understand how to help achieve our 2030 goals.

To measure progress on our goals, we are building new tracking systems that will allow us to report on select quantitative measures.

In the interim, we will continue to provide qualitative updates on our progress.

Disneyland Paris offered guests limited edition tote bags, duffel bags, briefcases, and pouches for purchase, which were made from a recycled tarp that previously covered Sleeping Beauty Castle during renovation work.

Disney worked with a French based SMB (small to medium sized business) that specializes in the upcycling of materials to create these unique goods.

Designing, building, and operating to avoid or reduce emissions, water, and waste have been core parts of Disney’s sustainable design strategy.

For new projects, we are integrating sustainability throughout the design process, promoting a culture of continuous improvement, and exploring innovative solutions.

In collaboration with our various design teams across Disney, and leveraging the creative expertise of our Disney Imagineers, we follow a rigorous set of internal Sustainable Design Standards aligned with our 2030 goals.

This work is critical to helping us achieve our emissions goals since our built environment, ranging from theme parks to offices, accounts for the majority of our Scope 1 and 2 emissions.

Our approach to sustainable design also helps contribute to cleaner air, more efficient use of water, and less waste for the communities in which we operate.

One example from our Disney Parks, Experiences and Products segment (DPEP) is Lighthouse Point in The Bahamas the newest addition to Disney Cruise Line’s island destinations expected to welcome visitors in 2024.

Only 16% of the site will be developed and much of it for low density uses like the placement of beach chairs and umbrellas.

The areas that will be developed will incorporate numerous design features to reduce environmental impacts, such as elevated walkways and structures to reduce disturbing the land.

We are also designing to support zero waste to landfill as we explore innovative waste sorting and disposal technologies.

We expect 90% of the energy demand to be met from renewable sources when it opens and for the site to be fully powered by renewable energy by 2030.

In addition, we are developing a multi faceted program to educate employees, vendors, and guests about the role they play in protecting the site.

Concept art for Disney’s Lighthouse Point in The Bahamas.

Disney is working closely with Bahamian artists and advisors to create a destination that represents the natural beauty and rich culture of The Bahamas.

Through National Geographic, Disneynature, and our other content platforms, Disney enjoys a rich and growing library of programming that connects audiences with the wonders of our natural world and inspires action to create a cleaner, safer, and healthier planet.

In 2022, our broad portfolio of nature focused stories included Disneynature’s Polar Bear and National Geographic’s Explorer: The Last Tepui, Secrets of the Whales, and The Biggest Little Farm: The Return.

The Environmental Media Association (EMA) Awards honor films and shows that increase public awareness of climate change, sustainability, and other environ mental topics in their storylines.

In 2022, we won two EMA Awards and received 58 Green Seals and 38 Gold Seals from EMA recognizing our efforts to reduce the environmental impact of production.

National Geographic has been actively caring about our planet for well over a century.

Today, National Geographic Partners a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and nonprofit National Geographic Society continues this legacy.

We return 27% of the net proceeds from our National Geographic lines of business to fund conservation, education, and sustainability projects.

National Geographic Partners aims to unite, inspire, and support the global travel community, with the brightest and best minds in scientific, travel, and cultural exploration, sharing groundbreaking, highly visual storytelling.

We have a strong track record of protecting wildlife.

For example, with the release of Disneynature’s Polar Bear in 2022, the Disney Conservation Fund (DCF) is supporting polar bear conservation with nonprofit organization Polar Bears International.

Disney’s grant will support research of promising aerial radar detection to identify hidden polar bear dens and help protect mothers and cubs help to reduce possible human bear conflicts to keep both bears and people safe in the Arctic and aid the preservation of polar bears’ habitats.

In fiscal 2022, the unit highlighted people and organizations making an impact in Hidden Climate Heroes and took an in depth look at the causes and risks of climate change in a monthlong series, Climate Crisis: Saving Tomorrow.

The unit also teamed up with Teen Vogue to explore teenagers’ growing concerns about climate change and the effects on their mental health.

Earth Month kicked off with a conversation between DPEP Chairman Josh D’Amaro and the legendary ethnologist and conservationist Dr. Jane Goodall.

DCF made a gift to support the work of Dr. Goodall’s Roots Shoots, a program that supports young people working to effect positive change for the planet, starting in their local communities.

National Geographic India launched the year round One for Change effort on Earth Day to spotlight change makers across India working to restore and preserve the environment.

And National Geographic Latin America released a new edition of its Lo Que Haces Cuenta ( What You Do Counts ) campaign during Climate Change Day.

World in BalanceOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeInvesting in Our PeopleOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld of Belonging2030 ENVIRONMENTAL GOALSEMISSIONSWATERWASTEMATERIALSSUSTAINABLE DESIGNWILDLIFE CARE CONSERVATIONOVERVIEW The Disney Conservation Fund supported Arizona State University’s efforts to work with Baja fisher communities to reduce the accidental catch of endangered sea turtles, sharks, and rays.

The Disney Conservation Fund was created more than 25 years ago to build on Walt Disney’s legacy of saving wildlife, inspiring action, and helping to protect the planet.

DCF philanthropic grants have helped bring wildlife like California condors, green sea turtles, and Atala butterflies back from the brink of extinction plant millions of trees in critical forests remove tons of debris from the ocean advance conservation education for youth and more.

Disney Conservation Fund has invested more than 120 million, along with the expertise of dedicated teams, in community led biodiversity conservation efforts since 1995 to help protect more than 1,000 species of wildlife and safeguard more than 315 million acres of habitat an area equal to more than 10,000 Walt Disney World Resorts.

In fiscal 2022, the DCF made nearly 6.7 million in grants, supporting more than 60 nonprofit organizations working across 32 countries.

The DCF also honored 20 Disney Conservation Heroes an award recognizing Indigenous and local people dedicated to promoting a world where people, plants, and animals all have a thriving place to call home.

Disney Conservation Team Wildlife includes cast members working to inspire conservation actions and collaborating globally to share expertise and drive programs to positively impact wildlife and habitats.

At Walt Disney World Resort, Team Wildlife monitors species diversity in our 8,000 acre Wildlife Management Conservation Area to support statewide efforts to help preserve and connect key habitats.

Nearby at the headwaters of the Everglades, we have also supported protection and restoration efforts at The Nature Conservancy’s Disney Wilderness Preserve.

The preserve spans 11,500 acres of restored wetland and upland habitats and is home to many native plants and animals, including threatened and endangered species like gopher tortoises and red cockaded woodpeckers.

We continue to collaborate with a diverse group of coral reef management and conservation leaders to bring hope to the largest coral reef in the continental United States, the Florida Reef Tract.14 Disney Conservation Team Wildlife has provided leadership and expertise to support the Orlando based Florida Coral Rescue Center.

This state of the art facility was established for gene banking and care of Florida corals rescued from reefs not yet affected by Stony Coral Tissue Loss Disease, which has put 22 coral species at risk of extinction.

The center is the largest facility of its kind in the United States and is part of a national network coordinated by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums to support breeding programs and efforts to return coral back to the ocean.

In April 2022, the first reported spawning of rough cactus coral in human care took place at the Center.

Our Disney team based in India began supporting Wildlife SOS’s efforts in 2021 and continued support throughout 2022 to rescue and rehabilitate elephants illegally taken from the wild.

To date, more than 40 elephants have been given care and medical treatment at Wildlife SOS’s Elephant Hospital and Elephant Conservation and Care Centre, established in 2010 and the first center of its kind in northern India.

As part of the 5 million we have invested since 1995 to help sea turtle conservation efforts globally, in 2022, the DCF supported a new mentorship and career training program hosted by the Sea Turtle Conservancy to spark passion for sea turtle conservation among central Florida youth from diverse and underserved communities.

Students attended the 2022 Tour de Turtles event at Disney’s Vero Beach Resort, an annual event that helps researchers, conservationists, and government agencies gather satellite transmitter data from migrating sea turtles to make more informed decisions about conservation methods and policies.

In fiscal 2022, our sea turtle efforts reached an important milestone: Disney Conservation Team Wildlife celebrated 1.5 million sea turtles hatched from nests monitored by our team at Disney’s Vero Beach Resort since 2003.

Disney’s Animals, Science and Environment team leads the Company’s efforts to care for animals and the environment, connect people to nature, and conserve our natural resources.

At Disney’s Animal Kingdom Theme Park, we celebrated the birth of the 13th white rhino born at Walt Disney World Resort an important milestone made possible by the dedication and care of Disney scientists, veterinarians, and keepers.

Each birth has been part of the Species Survival Plan for white rhinos, overseen by the Association of Zoos and Aquariums to help promote responsible breeding of endangered species in managed care.

These rhinos help us learn more about this near threatened species, share learnings with other institutions, and offer guests an opportunity to connect with incredible animals in person.

Disney’s Animal Kingdom celebrated the birth of the 13th white rhino born at Walt Disney World Resort.

In December 2021, Disney’s Animal Kingdom celebrated the 41st birthday of Gino, the oldest western lowland gorilla at Walt Disney World Resort.

Gino is a favorite of many guests and something of an icon in the zoological community.

Due to the trusted relationship he has developed with Disney’s animal care team and his laid back attitude, Gino has helped his keepers develop important techniques to care for gorillas in managed settings that have been modeled by other zoological institutions.

He is one of the first gorillas in the world to allow his caretakers to perform cardiac ultrasounds without anesthesia, an important step in the advancement of care for his species, and more broadly for animal care and gorilla conservation globally.

We are committed to bringing joy, comfort, and peace of mind to our communities and inspiring hope, especially for children.

Having a positive impact on the world as we grow our businesses has been a part of our Company since its founding.

We place particular focus on areas where we are uniquely positioned to make a meaningful, measurable impact.

Through our support of children’s hospitals and wish granting, as well as the contributions of thousands of passionate employee volunteers around the world, we deliver joy when it’s needed most.

At Walt Disney Imagineering, we make the impossible possible.

We combine innovation and storytelling to bring Disney stories, characters, and worlds to life.

Helping to reimagine the patient experience in children’s hospitals to include Disney magic has delivered joy when it’s needed most to so many kids and families all over the world one of the most rewarding experiences of my career.

Since Walt Disney himself first brought animators to visit hospitalized children, Disney stories have uplifted young people facing serious illness.

In 2018, Disney announced a global commitment of 100 million to help reimagine the patient experience and deliver joy when it’s needed most.

Since setting our commitment, and despite pandemic related delays, by the end of fiscal 2022, we had directed more than 75 million to our hospital initiative.

We bring the positive power of Disney stories and characters to children in more than 700 children’s hospitals and pediatric places of care around the world.

In fiscal 2022, we expanded our hospital installations globally, while continuing to provide new Disney themed Starlight Hospital Wear and products, Disney Movie Moments, and Disney access.

Disney’s efforts in fiscal 2022 included transforming hospital spaces with imaginative installations like interactive murals, digital displays, and play spaces to ease the fear and anxiety of a hospital stay and bring comfort to patients and their families.

Our children’s hospital concepts and experiences expanded to hospitals in several U.S. states, Singapore, Japan, India, and eight countries across the Europe, Middle East Africa (EMEA) region.

Kanagawa Children’s Medical Center became the first hospital in Japan to offer interactive Disney murals that bring beloved characters and stories from Disney, Pixar, Marvel, and Lucasfilm to life.

The installations at Holy Spirit Hospital in Mumbai and Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital in Varanasi delight and bring comfort to more than 200 children each day.

Disney concepts were installed in Dr. von Haunerschen Kinderspital in Germany (top left), Ankara Bilkent City Hospital in Turkey (top right), KK Women’s and Children’s Hospital in Singapore (bottom left), and Kanagawa Children’s Medical Center in Japan (bottom right) in fiscal 2022.

In 2022, we expanded complimentary access to Disney for the teams in children’s hospitals around the world who support patients.

These Child Life Specialists have reported that Disney is a valuable tool that offers a sense of normalcy and eases stress during a child’s hospital stay.

Additionally, to provide a sense of community and comfort during a time in which children may not be able to visit movie theatres, we more than doubled the number of participating hospitals in our Disney Movie Moments program, with more than 225 hospitals or places of care receiving special access to new movie titles from The Walt Disney Studios.

New and existing hospitals kicked off their programs with a special screening of Disney and Pixar’s animated film Lightyear.

In May 2022, Disneyland Paris invited hundreds of children facing serious illness and their families to enjoy the park’s 30th Anniversary festivities.

The special event was planned in collaboration with Pi ces Jaunes, part of the French Fondation des H pitaux, whose mission is to improve the conditions of hospitalized children and adolescents.

Guests were joined by French First Lady Brigitte Macron, who is President of the Fondation des H pitaux, and Didier Deschamps, French national soccer team manager and godfather of Pi ces Jaunes.

Disney’s collaboration with Starlight Children’s Foundation a nonprofit dedicated to delivering happiness to seriously ill children and their families continues to bring moments of joy and comfort during hospital stays and challenging moments.

More than 500 hospitals in the United States and Canada received Disney themed Starlight Hospital Wear, toys, books, and games in fiscal 2022, and we continue to focus our donations on the medically underserved and vulnerable populations that need it most.

Disney, Pixar, Marvel, Lucasfilm, and ESPN Starlight Hospital Wear collections provided patients with their choice of fun and comfortable clothing to wear during their hospital stay.

Our May the 4th celebration helped distribute lightsabers, adaptive costumes designed for children in wheelchairs, and more to hospitals around the U.S.

Pixar themed Starlight Hospital Wear, inspired by iconic characters including those from Disney and Pixar’s The Incredibles, Buzz Lightyear and Jessie from Toy Story, and Russell from Up, were offered to all hospitals within Starlight’s network for the first time.

Additionally, QR codes printed on the gowns provide an immersive experience for patients.

Marvel themed toys, books, and games were delivered to children’s hospitals nationwide in August 2022.

Patients at Texas Children’s Hospital were delighted by a special Spidey and his Amazing Friends event with the voice talent of Hulk himself visiting.

Disney Institute has trained more than 23,000 hospital workers since 2018.

In fiscal 2022, experts from Disney Institute again held training sessions for KK Women and Children’s Hospital (KKH) in Singapore.

The course focused on training hospital staff to create compassionate connections and meaningful moments with patients through three service principles: Serve with Heart, Reach Higher, and Own It.

More than 5,000 KKH employees and leaders from multiple departments were in attendance.

A young patient looks at Magic Art, a delightful digital screen that sparks to life with favorite characters delivering inspirational messages.

Disney supports children beyond their hospital stays by helping grant life changing Disney wishes for children when they need it most.

Together with Make A Wish , Disney has helped grant more than 145,000 magical wishes since 1980.

Annually, we grant thousands of wishes in collaboration with wish granting organizations around the globe.

We are committed to helping kids feel like kids rather than patients by sharing unforgettable moments with their families.

After a hiatus due to pandemic restrictions, in person wish granting has made a gradual return.

The Walt Disney Company UK Ireland, Make A Wish UK, and The Kentown Wizard Foundation collaborated for a second year to provide magical Disney wish experiences for children with critical illnesses.

In 2022, they granted more than 225 wishes and included children from Make A Wish Ireland.

Disney VoluntEARS gave their time and skills, contributing more than 1,100 volunteering hours to these wish efforts.

In addition to Disney experiences, the event also featured accessible activities such as a carousel for kids of all abilities to share everyday family moments together.

Wish granting has resumed at all of our theme parks around the world, as well as at Aulani Resort and Walt Disney Imagineering.

In 2022, wish families were given a special sneak peek of the Star Wars: Galactic Starcruiser at Walt Disney World Resort before it opened to the public.

And in China, in celebration of the fifth anniversary of Make A Wish Shanghai, Disney committed funds to support the construction of a wish room at Shanghai Children’s Medical Center.

A wish room, run by Make A Wish staff and volunteers, supports medically eligible children through the wish granting process.

ESPN’s My Wish series has returned to SportsCenter.

The award winning series has collaborated with Make A Wish since 2006 to fulfill 75 sports themed wishes for children with critical illnesses.

In fiscal 2022, wishes featured Patrick Mahomes of the Kansas City Chiefs, Klay Thompson of the Golden State Warriors, Austin Riley of the Atlanta Braves, and the NFL’s New York Giants.

In July 2022, two Make A Wish kids and their families sat front row as stars walked the blue carpet into the premiere of ZOMBIES 3, a Disney Original movie from Disney Branded Television.

The children also got to meet with stars after the movie.

Disney Cruise Line’s newest ship, the Disney Wish, debuted with the help of wish kids.

During the ceremony, three Make A Wish ambassadors Colby, 10 Megan, 16 and Jenna, 13 symbolically bestowed good fortune on the vessel and its passengers.

All wish kids, including past, present, and future wish recipients, will be honored as the ship’s godchildren, redefining the long standing maritime tradition of appointing a ship godmother.

A child’s heartfelt wish can mark a turning point in their treatment, giving them strength, joy, and a greater sense of hope for their future.

Volunteering is a central and enduring part of our Company’s culture and at the heart of our community engagement efforts.

Through our Disney VoluntEARS program, the Company encourages passionate employees in every community to donate their time and talents to their local communities.

Since the program was started nearly 40 years ago, our employees and cast members worldwide have collectively contributed nearly 13 million hours of service to their communities.

Additionally, the VoluntEARS Grants program lets employees direct donations to eligible nonprofits of their choosing as a benefit for the time they spend volunteering.

In fiscal 2022, we enhanced VoluntEARS Online, our in house tool that promotes volunteer opportunities tied to our signature programs and campaigns.

We also enhanced the Disney VoluntEARS Grants program to make it easier for VoluntEARS to be able to direct donations for their hours volunteered throughout the year.

Several of our businesses supported beach cleanup events in fiscal 2022.

In honor of World Ocean Day on June 8th, 30 Disney VoluntEARS and family members took part in a beach cleanup in Guangzhou, China.

The team worked together to positively impact the planet and teach children at the event about the ocean and the importance of protecting the magic of nature.

For International Volunteer Day, VoluntEARS from Shanghai Disney Resort supported beach cleanup in Chongming Island, Shanghai.

Western monarch butterflies have seen dramatic declines, and while populations have slightly rebounded recently, they have lost more than 90% of their population since the 1980s.16 Habitat loss is one of the critical drivers of this decline.

To help increase the population, more than 400 Disney VoluntEARS across the United States planted butterfly friendly backyard environments in 2022.

Throughout a long awaited D23 Expo near Disneyland Resort a three day event for Disney fans showcasing what is happening at Disney and what fans can expect in the coming years guests visited the Inspire a Better World pavilion to explore Disney’s social responsibility projects and participate as honorary Disney VoluntEARS.

Designed more than 5,500 cards of encouragement for children with critical illnesses.

For each card designed, we donated 5 to Make A Wish.

Helped support our Avatar: The Way of Water Keep Our Oceans Amazing initiative by designing almost 4,000 Avatar inspired ocean creatures.

For each ocean creature created, we gave 5 to The Nature Conservancy.

Cast approximately 5,100 votes to help DonorsChoose allocate a Disney grant to support reading and creative writing, visual arts, STEM, music and performing arts, and sports in public schools nationwide.

This funding was part of Disney Future Storytellers, described in more detail on pages 24 25.

In South Korea, VoluntEARS prepared 200 Winnie the Pooh themed gift packages, which were delivered to children of families from under resourced communities.

During Walt Disney World Resort’s 50th Anniversary, Disney VoluntEARS were invited to take part in a 50 for 50 Challenge.

Hundreds of VoluntEARS participated in this challenge to personally attain 50 volunteer hours and attend 50 VoluntEARS events during the 18 month long celebration.

Disney has a long track record of respect and appreciation for the U.S. Armed Services, which began with the Company’s founders, who both served their country during World War I.

We recognize the commitment and dedication of military service and value the leadership skills and sense of purpose the military instills in its service members and in society.

We are honored to support active U.S. military, veterans, and their families in many ways across our Company.

In fiscal 2022, Disney collaborated with Blue Star Families to host the 20th Blue Star Books event with a reading by First Lady Dr. Jill Biden.

The event was part of the White House’s Joining Forces initiative to support military and veteran families, caregivers, and survivors.

Disney’s relationship with the Marine Toys for Tots Program began in 1947, when Walt Disney and his animators designed the original Toys for Tots train logo that is still used today.

Since then, Disney has supported Toys for Tots to help bring toys to millions of children in need during the holiday season.

In fiscal 2022, through the Disney Ultimate Toy Drive, more than 160,000 toys were collected at our sites, events, and through dedicated segments on our TV networks.

Employees donated more than 20,000 of these toys and contributed more than 4,000 hours of service as part of the Disney VoluntEARS program.

The Department of Defense Warrior Games, hosted by the U.S. Army’s Training and Doctrine Command, celebrates the passion, resiliency, and dedication of wounded, ill, and injured active duty and veteran U.S. military service members.

Hundreds of elite athletes, including those from international allied nations, compete in adaptive sporting events such as wheelchair basketball, cycling, indoor rowing, and sitting volleyball, among other sports.

In fiscal 2022, Disney donated use of the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex at Walt Disney World Resort to serve as a Warrior Games venue for the first time.

These courageous service members, injured during their military duty, have demonstrated their resilience and an ability to overcome unthinkable obstacles.

They are the truest definition of the warrior’s spirit, and we were honored to welcome them to the Warrior Games at ESPN Wide World of Sports this summer.

Disney has supported the Marine Toys for Tots Program since 1947 to help bring toys to millions of children in need during the holiday season.

Over the past decade, Disney has collaborated with Feeding America to improve access to nutritious meals.

This year, in addition to supporting 30 Feeding America member food banks to help increase access to fresh produce for communities that need it most, Disney also supported Feeding America’s efforts in response to Hurricane Ian.

In addition, Disney continues to help alleviate food insecurity by supporting hunger relief organizations worldwide.

For example, in Latin America, Disney supports the work of the Global Food Banking Network and the efforts of food banks in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico.

The V Foundation for Cancer Research was founded in 1993 by ESPN and the late Jim Valvano, legendary North Carolina State basketball coach and ESPN commentator.

In fiscal 2022, with support from ESPN fans, employees, and partners, more than 13 million was raised during V Week a record breaking amount to support the V Foundation’s fight to achieve Victory Over Cancer.

Together with the 2022 ESPYS fundraising and other events, ESPN raised more than 27 million, bringing the total that ESPN has helped raise to nearly 170 million for the V Foundation since its inception in 1993.

Disney provides emergency relief and supports recovery efforts in communities worldwide.

We continue to support several organizations, including UNICEF, the American Red Cross, and Good360.

In fiscal 2022, our disaster relief included supporting Hurricane Ian recovery efforts, addressing the impacts of wildfires in Argentina, supporting children and families in Ukraine, and providing short term monetary assistance to employees experiencing hardships including those impacted by Hurricane Ian through the Employee Relief Fund.

We have worked with UNICEF for many years, and when the humanitarian crisis began in Ukraine, we leveraged our media platforms to support UNICEF in helping families displaced by the conflict.

ABC News coverage and on air mentions across our networks drove thousands of viewers to UNICEF’s website, raising more than 3 million in a few weeks.

ABC News’s David Muir also led coverage on the crisis, anchoring special editions of World News Tonight from the Ukraine Poland border and anchoring a special report on Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

In addition to providing support to nonprofits, our employees rallied to support those affected and displaced into neighboring countries through our Matching Gifts program and volunteering events.

Disney VoluntEARS in the EMEA region packed supplies, prepared food, and created temporary Disney themed playrooms.

The Company and employees also provided Ukrainian dubbed screenings of Disney Animation’s Encanto and Raya and the Last Dragon, Disney and Pixar’s Luca, Ron’s Gone Wrong, and other titles for Ukrainian children and families through community nonprofits.

First Book is a nonprofit organization dedicated to removing barriers to educational equity by providing free and affordable new books and educational resources to educators who serve children in need.

In fiscal 2022, we donated more than 3 million books to First Book, and since 2000 we’ve distributed more than 90 million books to help inspire the next generation of storytellers.

Since 2012, we have also collaborated with First Book to distribute books to under resourced educators and children through the Magic of Storytelling campaign.

Take a behind the scenes look at how we inspire imagination and a lifelong love of reading.

Disney VoluntEARS helped distribute books at a donation event.

In fiscal 2022, we worked with CARE India to empower 1,400 adolescent girls across 10 schools in Mumbai, helping them realize their potential to lead a better life.

The program has established 18 vibrant community learning centers that give girls a space outside of school to learn and hone their vocational skills.

We also worked with the Parivaar Education Society in India to support 400 girls with education, boarding, food, medical assistance, sports and recreation, clothing, and more.

In addition, with Yuva Unstoppable, we’ve helped create a holistic learning environment for students across 12 schools by providing resources for science labs, sports, arts, and technology (such as tablets).

Superhero Series is the UK’s only sports event dedicated to the nation’s approximately 14 million People with Disabilities.

The family inclusive event has been powered by Marvel for the past four years.

During this time, and despite the pandemic, it has seen 11,000 Superhero participants and 9,800 Sidekick volunteers take part in its signature events, including Superhero Tri, Winter Wonderwheels, and At Home Superhero Challenge, and raised more than 1 million for local charities.

ESPN continues to support the Special Olympics USA Games.

In fiscal 2022, more than 5,500 athletes and coaches from all 50 states and the Caribbean united for a week of competition, sportsmanship, and fun at the ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex at Walt Disney World.

Additionally, ESPN’s Access to Sports initiative works to provide children from all backgrounds with the chance to play.

For example, one program supports the United States Tennis Association Foundation’s National Junior Tennis Learning network.

It promotes the power of tennis and provides direct support for tennis and education programs that serve youth of color in eight chapters in four major cities.

In Latin America, ESPN codeveloped the campaign Historias que Inspiran (Stories that Inspire) with the Disney Princess franchise, featuring short videos with four athletes sharing their personal journeys.

When the videos achieved five million views, we donated 100,000 to Coaches Across Continents, which supports access to sports related educational programs in vulnerable communities.

This donation built on an annual grant and long term relationship with the organization in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico.

The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) and Disney teamed up to launch the Playmakers program in 2020, bringing together the magic of Disney storytelling with the latest research on the benefits of play based learning.

Providing a fun and safe introduction to football for five to eight year old girls, Playmakers was operating in 44 countries as of fiscal 2022, with nearly 38,000 girls having taken part across Europe.

It teaches important movement and life skills, creates friendships and confidence among girls, and inspires a lifelong love of the game.

Disney is home to some of the most exceptional, extraordinary people.

We are where creativity meets opportunity and careers are a journey of accomplishment and celebration.

We are a welcoming home for talent of all kinds, from animators to engineers to zookeepers and many roles in between.

We work together, and thrive together, in making Disney one of the world’s most recognized, respected, and well regarded entertainment companies.

For nearly 100 years, Disney employees and cast members have made Disney a leading global entertainment company.

Disney is a place where careers are a journey of creativity, accomplishment, and celebration, and where everyone is respected.

Our Chief Human Resources Officer, Paul Richardson, continues to lead our human capital management strategy and reports directly to our CEO.

He regularly updates our Board of Directors on topics such as talent development and employee engagement and is directly supported by a variety of dedicated human resources functions across our businesses, content engines, and regions.

Our approach focuses on attracting, engaging, developing, and rewarding a talented, diverse team while providing a respectful, collaborative, and safe work environment.

We move into our second century knowing that the extraordinary talent, diversity, and creativity of our teams around the world is what brings our stories and experiences to life.

When we come together as a unified team, leaning into imaginative new ideas, we’re able to build on our legacy of excellence with integrity and an inclusive mindset.

We foster a culture where our employees can thrive, both personally and professionally, and seek to create a work environment that inspires optimism, creativity, collaboration, and innovation.

We actively listen to and learn from our employees, share their stories, and incorporate their ideas and feedback into our activities, policies, and processes.

Throughout fiscal 2022, employees across the enterprise were surveyed at different points in time.

We found that engagement levels were very high and that employees have pride in working for the Company.

In addition to surveys, we hosted diversity, equity, and inclusion executive Coffee Talks with nearly 1,500 registrants in fiscal 2022.

Feedback from Coffee Talk sessions was a driver of our new senior leadership development experience, Disney IGNITE (described on page 65), which hosted its first two sessions in 2022.

We recognize outstanding work by our employees in several ways.

In fiscal 2022, Disney continued to offer RecognizeNow , a digital platform that enables employees to appreciate and recognize their peers around the world.

A new Mobile Cast Compliment feature was introduced in fiscal 2022 in the My Disney Experience and Disneyland mobile apps, enabling guests visiting Walt Disney World and Disneyland Resort to submit digital recognition to cast members who made their visit memorable.

Since we added the feature, more than 450,000 compliments have been sent to our cast members by guests.

At our Disney Parks, Experiences and Products segment, the Legacy Award also continues.

The Legacy Award is the highest honor a cast member can receive for embodying Walt Disney’s legacy of excellence in dreaming, creating, and inspiring in the workplace.

In 2022, 745 employees and cast members across the globe received this prestigious honor.

We strive to provide a safe, healthy, and respectful work environment where employees have the support they need and the peace of mind they deserve.

The safety of our employees is a top priority in the decisions we make.

We promote a culture of safety through numerous quality assurance programs and internal safety standards, and our Standards of Business Conduct provide the process to report safety concerns and incidents.

Employees can report a concern by calling our Global Security Communications Center or an anonymous safety line, or by making a report online through our internal system called The Guideline.

Many operating areas also have a Safety and Wellness Committee that can assist employees in sharing or reporting concerns.

We have dedicated safety professionals in areas including food safety, ride safety, occupational safety, public health, and training and development.

As an example, Disney Parks, Experiences and Products’ Safety Champions help engage their teams in safety and wellness programs, processes, and culture, and assist in the oversight and implementation of safety and wellness initiatives.

To help minimize workplace safety risks, we offer employees and cast members a variety of required and voluntary safety trainings.

This includes Safety and Wellness Leadership in Action, focused on accident prevention, and Improve Your Move, focused on ergonomics.

And the Company’s Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) Matrix is updated regularly, detailing appropriate PPE required for specific work tasks alongside helpful visuals.

In fiscal 2022, four individual cast members and one team at Walt Disney World Resort were recognized at the Unified Safety Council’s (USC) Annual Safety Awards for ingraining safety and wellness into everyday park culture.

USC is a nationally recognized safety training and educational organization, and this win marks the 12th year in a row that Walt Disney World locations and or individuals have been recognized.

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingTALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK RECOGNITIONTALENT DEVELOPMENTCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGESAFETY, HEALTH WELL BEING A cast member enjoys yoga at Hong Kong Disneyland as part of our efforts to support employee well being and mental health.

Disney prioritizes destigmatizing mental health challenges and breaking down barriers to access resources and care.

We offer a variety of easy to access and innovative programs for employees and cast members, including access to counselors, meditation, and mindfulness activities, as well as tips for building resilience and getting more restful sleep.

Program (EAP), which is available to all employees, cast members, and their family and household members.

Our EAP provides 24 7 support and connects participants directly to a licensed network therapist at no cost.

Employees have access to Headspace, where they can follow guided meditations, animations, articles, and videos on topics like meditating and mindful eating.

The Disney Healthy Pursuits Wellness Team also hosts BrainBreaks, which are virtual activities to help employees stay on top of their health.

In 2022, Disney won a Best Employers: Excellence in.

Health Well Being Award from the nonprofit Business Group on Health for our health and well being benefits.

We hosted our first Global Well Being Week in 2022, spotlighting the wide ranging physical, mental, and financial benefits we offer, while also providing employees with easy ways to take advantage of the benefits.

As a special offering in fiscal 2022, Disney provided Recharge Days for eligible U.S. and international employees.

These additional paid days off provided a shared time off experience, allowing teams to disconnect from work, email, and calls, all on the same days.

Employees are also able to connect with health coaches to learn how to get and stay healthy, including by developing a nutrition and physical activity routine.

With access to easy to use digital resources like Grokker and LifeCare, employees can watch videos and read articles on relaxation techniques, managing work life balance, and more.

In 2022, we continued to promote our new Center for Living Well Gaea Center for Gynecology, Maternity, and Fertility in Orlando.

The center provides employees, cast members, and their partners with comprehensive, connected, and compassionate care to help navigate their family building journeys.

We are committed to the ongoing development of our workforce, offering an array of opportunities that enable our employees to be the best versions of themselves and make the most of their careers at Disney, no matter their individual aspirations.

Following Disney Beginnings, one of our orientation sessions, new hires attend the Disney Beginnings Expo, a new virtual offering that creates connections and illustrates the many uniquely Disney programs and experiences available to them, such as Disney VoluntEARS.

We support the growth and development of our employees and cast members through online and in person learning tools and programs designed to support employees both personally and professionally regardless of where they are in their careers.

D Learn is the primary learning tool for Disney employees around the globe.

Employees can complete both required training (e.g., Standards of Business Conduct) and optional learning opportunities.

D Learn offers online and in person courses, and offerings include self directed as well as instructor led training.

Top learning items included: Workday Navigation, Disney Leader Essentials, and Our Commitment to the Company and Our Shareholders.

Harvard Spark offers employees learning and development content tailored to their unique aspirations and personal preferences, meeting them exactly where they are on their career journeys.

Harvard ManageMentor offers a customized experience similar to Harvard Spark, specifically geared to our leadership teams and those seeking management skill development.

Top learning items included: Presentation Skills and Leading People.

Harvard Leading Edge is a learning platform for leaders and aspiring leaders that consolidates reputable publications on topics ranging from corporate social responsibility to hiring to innovation, and more.

In fiscal 2022, we launched Disney IGNITE, a new multi month virtual learning experience for senior managers, directors, and vice presidents that is focused on empowering them to be more confident in leading with care and a people first mindset.

In the first session, 640 leaders participated from North America Latin America (LATAM) and the Europe, Middle East Africa (EMEA) region, across all businesses.

The second session of IGNITE for leadership teams across the Asia Pacific (APAC) region began in late 2022, and we plan to continue offering IGNITE to even more leaders in the future.

We continued our Disney Leadership Essentials program, which reached more than 1,080 leaders across the U.S., EMEA, LATAM, APAC, and India.

Post program surveys showed that 100% of participants took at least two actions as a result of participating.

At Disney Parks, Experiences and Products (DPEP), high potential senior managers and directors engaged in our cohort based Leadership Immersion Program, which works to accelerate participants’ readiness for critical positions.

Enrollment in these programs increased by 44% and mentoring hours increased by 25% from fiscal 2021.

As examples, we launched the Mano a Mano mentoring program to champion the professional development of Florida cast members Disney General Entertainment launched a new mentoring program and Career Development Office and our Enterprise Mentorship Program focused on Finance, Technology, CSR, and other topics had more than 1,900 individuals enrolled in fiscal 2022, the seventh year of the program.

Investing in Our PeopleOur ApproachIntroductionWorld of HopeOperating ResponsiblyData Reporting FrameworksTable of ContentsWorld in BalanceWorld of BelongingWorld of Belonging TALENT MANAGEMENT STRATEGYEMPLOYEE FEEDBACK RECOGNITIONSAFETY, HEALTH WELL BEINGCOMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGETALENT DEVELOPMENT COMPREHENSIVE REWARDS PACKAGE accounting for factors such as role, experience, or location) in 2024.

We are also working toward expanding the gender pay ratio analysis to countries outside the United States.

We recognize the importance of pay transparency to our employees, shareholders, and others, and are committed to ensuring our employees and cast members have the facts that determine their pay.

As part of this effort, we provided new educational resources on compensation to leaders and employees in fiscal 2022.

We also actively work with labor unions throughout the year to promote a fair and just working experience for the employees they represent including reliable scheduling, a clean workplace, and fair compensation.

Read our Standards of Business Conduct for more details on our commitment to maintaining fair working conditions for employees.

In fiscal 2022, to reward the important contributions of certain job levels below the executive level, Disney expanded eligibility for participation in our Annual Bonus Plan.

The Plan is tied to the Company’s fiscal year performance and recognizes the contributions employees make to business results.

Disney Aspire pays 100% of tuition up front for eligible hourly employees at a network of learning institutions.

See our spotlight on Disney Aspire on the next page.

Disney also continues to offer education reimbursement to salaried employees who are interested in furthering their careers through professional and technical education related to their current roles.

And to alleviate the financial burden of higher education on Disney employees, we offer scholarships to eligible children of Disney employees who are high school seniors through our Disney Scholars program.

Scholarships are awarded based on academic achievement, extracurricular activities, community service, and demonstrated leadership.

Disney offers a competitive rewards package that includes pay, health, and savings benefits time off programs educational opportunities and more.

Together, these rewards make up a comprehensive package that helps our employees and cast members live their best lives, grow personally and professionally, and take advantage of the special extras that only Disney can provide.

Disney is committed to fostering a truly respectful and equitable workplace culture.

As part of that focus, in 2022 we shared the results of an adjusted pay ratio analysis, comparing the base pay of U.S. employees based on gender, race, and ethnicity, controlling for role, experience, and location.

Each adjusted pay ratio was at least 99% as of June 2022 (with one ratio at 100%), and we continue to strive for 100% equity across all categories.

Median earnings for hourly employees is based on total earnings for total hours paid and includes the impact of overtime, shift premiums, and gratuities.

Excludes the value of benefits for eligible employees.

Disney Aspire The Walt Disney Company’s education investment and career development program pays 100% of tuition up front at network schools and is available to 85,000 eligible hourly full time and part time employees and cast members in the United States.

Disney Aspire continually evolves to meet the ever changing needs of our diverse employee base, as well as the ever evolving job landscape, and the program saw growth in fiscal 2022.

Disney Aspire’s network of learning institutions continued to grow throughout fiscal 2022, adding four new colleges and universities.

The additions included the first in network HBCU, North Carolina A T State University, as well as the first culinary dedicated option, Johnson Wales University.

The network also grew to include two more California based options California State University, Fullerton and Fullerton College expanding in person learning opportunities for our eligible California based employees.

In fiscal 2022, we introduced Disney Aspire Career Advisors.

These advisors meet both one on one and in group settings with students and graduates to help them more confidently navigate their career journeys, whether at Disney or beyond.

In fiscal 2022, more than 1,400 advising sessions were hosted with employees.

We also introduced the Disney Aspire Advocate program in fiscal 2022, which brings together Disney Aspire program graduates from across the Company who have experienced internal career mobility.

Advocates help spread the word, showcase Disney Aspire's impact, and serve as mentors for those exploring or currently enrolled in the program.

Disney Aspire continues to set the standard for employer funded education programs.

We externally publish graduate and mobility data and invest in our employees well beyond graduation.

Looking forward to the year ahead, Disney Aspire will be celebrating its fifth anniversary in August 2023.

As a little girl growing up in a small village in Haiti where my parents had to sacrifice to send me to school for a better future I never once believed I could be part of such of an amazing program.

Disney Aspire has given me hope and opened so many doors for me.

I recently completed my bachelor’s degree in hospitality and am now working toward my master’s degree in human resources.

We are focused on operating our businesses with integrity, honesty, trust, respect, and teamwork.

Disney strives to conduct business in accordance with high standards of business ethics and comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations wherever we operate.

Our Standards of Business Conduct apply to all employees and provide resources and tools to promote ethical conduct and compliance with the law.

Our Board of Directors is also held accountable to these principles, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors.

We regularly engage our leaders and employees on these Standards through training and other forms of communication, and employees can confidentially report ethical concerns to our internal alert hotline, The Guideline.

We strive to adopt governance policies and practices that represent our stakeholders’ interests, and we seek to have a well rounded Board of Directors.

The Company has nominated 11 Directors for our 2023 annual meeting with relevant experience, including from leading global organizations, and encompassing a diverse range of talents, skills, and expertise.

Ten of those 11 Director nominees are independent, and all members of the Audit, Compensation, and Governance and Nominating Committees are independent.

Our Directors reflect a diverse cross section of the Company’s shareholders, employees, consumers, and communities, with seven out of 11 nominees representing diverse gender, ethnic, or racial backgrounds.

The Board, either as a whole or through committees, assesses major risks that relate to the Company and its performance, including risks that relate to key economic and market assumptions that inform the Company’s business plans (including significant transactions) and growth strategies, and significant operational risks related to the conduct of the Company’s day to day operations.

Our commitment to respect human rights is a Company priority.

Our commitment is informed by the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights, the United Nations International Bill of Human Rights, and the International Labor Organization’s Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

We exercise due diligence on an ongoing basis to identify, prevent, mitigate, and account for human rights risks and impacts, and we update our assessment of salient human rights risks as new information becomes available.

Through collaboration and regular dialogue, we also work with a variety of external stakeholders, industry associations, and intergovernmental organizations to identify and manage human rights risks.

In fiscal 2022, we updated our Human Rights Policy to reflect the evolving nature of our products and services, changes in our business, and the world in which we operate.

Updates include, among others, new sections on content, communities, and privacy additional information on grievance mechanisms and remedies and expanded content on online safety to include children’s privacy, safety and development, parental controls, and responsible marketing guidelines.

Our refreshed content on our human rights webpage highlights various policies, practices, and programs that implement our Human Rights Policy, and identifies our salient human rights issues in the following areas: our people, our content, our products and supply chain, our communities, children, and privacy.

The Governance and Nominating Committee of our Board of Directors oversees the Company’s human rights policies.

Our General Counsel has oversight for compliance with our policy and works across the Company to monitor emerging issues, share progress, and identify areas for improvement.

Disney branded products are produced in approximately 44,000 facilities in more than 100 countries.

This manufacturing network and global footprint creates a highly complex network of suppliers, many of them several degrees removed from our direct operations.

In addition, we purchase a vast array of products, materials, and services from thousands of suppliers to support our operations, such as theme parks and resorts cruise and vacation experiences film, television, streaming, and theatrical productions and offices and distribution centers.

Responsible sourcing is an important focus of Disney’s overall corporate social responsibility efforts.

We are focused on respecting human rights, reducing the environmental footprint of our supply chain, monitoring the safety and integrity of products, promoting supplier diversity, and working in collaboration with others to meet our objectives.

We strive to foster safe, inclusive, and respectful workplaces wherever Disney branded products are produced.

Disney has set labor standards for the tens of thousands of facilities that make Disney branded products, whether we procure products to sell directly to the consumer or license our intellectual property to independent businesses that use their own supply chains.

These standards come to life through our International Labor Standards (ILS) program, which licensees and vendors producing Disney branded products are contractually obligated to comply with.

The program is informed by our Standards of Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy, and Supply Chain Code of Conduct, along with a range of other responsible business expectations.

Now in its third decade, the ILS program tracks the names and locations of authorized factories making Disney branded products sets standards for when, where, and how social compliance audits confirm compliance with our standards and provides guidance to vendors and licensees on improving the labor conditions of their facilities, if needed.

Suppliers are provided onboarding training and can participate in ongoing training sessions offered by our team.

To promote Company wide integration, our Chief Financial Officer has responsibility for the ILS program.

The Audit Committee of the Company’s Board oversees and periodically reviews the program and receives updates, generally on an annual basis, about its performance.

We use ILS audits as a tool to identify and address labor related issues.

Audits are conducted by either third party auditors or Disney staff.

Submitted social compliance audits are reviewed for compliance with ILS program requirements.

Corrective action plans are subsequently sent to licensees and vendors, who are expected to review them with their facilities and implement steps to promptly remedy any identified compliance violations.

Supplemental guides are made available to our licensees and vendors to help them work with their facilities on program compliance.

Along with an updated Forced Labor Guide, we also published a new Health and Safety Guide in fiscal 2022.

To further promote program compliance, we regularly refine our Permitted Sourcing Countries list and periodically update our published list of facilities that produce Disney branded products that are sold, distributed, or used in our own retail and wholesale businesses, as well as those used in our internal operations.

In fiscal 2022, we enhanced and expanded our Supply Chain Code of Conduct (previously named the Code of Conduct for Manufacturers).

The updated Code applies to both branded and nonbranded products, as well as their upstream components and materials, and formally recognizes the United Nations Guiding Principles on Business and Human Rights and the International Labor Organization’s (ILO) Declaration on the Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work.

It also includes, for the first time, our expectations that suppliers will work to mitigate their environmental impacts as aligned with our 2030 environmental goals.

We are active participants in community efforts to improve labor conditions in global supply chains, including the Joint Forced Labor Working Group, Business at OECD Investment and Responsible Business Conduct Committee, the ILO Global Business Network on Forced Labor, ILO Better Work, and others.

Advancing labor standards requires sustained investment to incubate and pilot scalable tools and programs.

Over the past decade, SCIP has addressed issues including forced labor, worker voice, supply chain traceability, child labor, and ethical recruitment.

Since 2012, Disney has contributed more than 24 million through SCIP to 40 unique programs in more than 20 countries, directly benefiting 250,000 workers and supporting tools that have reached and benefited 14 million additional workers.

Our funding supported IOM’s International Recruitment Integrity System (IRIS) Global Policy Network, a platform for dialogue and exchange between policymakers, regulators, and key stakeholders to facilitate ethical and responsible recruitment of migrant workers.

FishWise: Disney’s funding supported the creation of a market based framework for monitoring labor and human rights in the seafood sector in alignment with existing human rights due diligence practices and models.

In our parks and resorts around the world, safety is the first of the Five Keys of Disney’s standards for theme park excellence.

We demonstrate our commitment to safety in numerous ways at our properties from the Imagineers who apply advanced safety technologies to our attractions, to our security cast members who patrol our properties 24 hours a day.

Our safety professionals reflect a broad range of disciplines, including medicine, engineering, quality, maintenance, attraction operations, ergonomics, industrial hygiene, occupational safety, and food safety.

To support guest safety at our parks, we use innovative and smart safety systems for our attractions.

Every night, maintenance teams perform priority maintenance functions, and our computerized maintenance management system tracks the completion of each procedure.

The system includes Disney patented technology that prevents a ride from accepting guests unless required critical maintenance has been completed and the ride has been deemed ready to open for operations.

We regularly provide our cast and crew members safety training and information through formal instruction, on the job training, and a structured communications process.

According to the annual International Association of Amusement Parks and Recreation Ride Safety Report, administered by the National Safety Council, the industry injury rate per million in attendance has decreased by 47% over the past 18 years, from 7.0 to 3.7 injuries.

The program features Timon and Pumbaa from The Lion King animated movie as official spokes characters on a mission to spread important safety and health messages to guests through a series of illustrations in tip cards, activity books, videos, and other materials throughout our domestic and international theme parks and resorts.

We’ve extended the program by providing materials on a streaming platform for our employees, cast members, and educators to use in schools and in the community.

The lesson based, multilingual, global educational program aims to improve children’s awareness and understanding of safety, health, and environmental issues, and ultimately to impact their behavior.

The safety of products bearing Disney brands, characters, and other intellectual property is of the utmost importance to us.

Disney branded consumer products, spanning numerous categories from toys and apparel to books and fine art, are produced by thousands of independent licensees and vendors around the world.

Our product safety program accounts for this breadth, as well as the rapid changes in scientific knowledge, evolving regulations, and consumer and community concerns.

Our Product Integrity function oversees Disney’s safety policies, procedures, and operating requirements for physical products containing Disney intellectual property across the enterprise.

Disney requires that licensees and vendors contractually commit to follow sensible, reasonable, and proper procedures for verifying that Disney branded products comply with applicable safety regulatory requirements and any additional requirements that may be specified by Disney.

We also have policies to manage the use of chemicals in products.

These require vendors and licensees to conduct analytical tests by certified third party testing laboratories or equivalent procedures, including testing for chemical levels to verify that, at a minimum, the products meet applicable regulatory requirements.

Under the Disney Product Integrity Program, all test reports submitted are reviewed to verify that the testing was appropriate and that the proper procedures were performed.

In 2022, we introduced a new requirement prohibiting the use of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances known as PFAS in consumer products developed, sourced, and distributed by a Disney entity.

In fiscal 2022, we updated our Supply Chain Code of Conduct to include Quality and Safety.

Although we had already communicated quality and safety expectations to suppliers, the updated Code formalized our expectations across our supply chains.

Disney has implemented a robust and comprehensive global privacy program based on the principles of privacy by design, accountability, transparency, and giving consumers meaningful controls over their personal data.

We regularly assess and update our program to meet the requirements of emerging privacy laws and regulations across the world, as well as to keep up with rapid advancements in technology and new business initiatives.

In 2022, this included updates to reflect laws going into effect in 2023 in California, Virginia, Colorado, Utah, and Connecticut.

Day to day management of our data privacy policies is overseen by our Senior Vice President of Global Public Policy, who reports directly to our General Counsel.

We have incorporated privacy topics into the Company’s annual Standards of Business Conduct and information security training, and we conduct ongoing specialized training for relevant groups that handle consumer and employee data.

Our Senior Vice President, CISO Cybersecurity Technology, oversees day to day management of data security.

This role reports to our Executive Vice President of Enterprise Technology and Chief Information Officer, who reports directly to our Chief Financial Officer.

The Audit Committee oversees cybersecurity and data security risks, and the Chief Information Officer updates the Board of Directors or Audit Committee, at least annually, on the Company’s cybersecurity and data security risks and mitigation strategies.

The Company’s information security program incorporates the core functions of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Cybersecurity Framework, which provide a strategic view of an organization’s management of cybersecurity risk.

These functions cover areas such as asset management, governance, risk management, identity and access management, awareness and training, data and information protection, response and recovery, and communication protocols.

Prepare: Prepare the organization to manage its information security risks by identifying key roles, documenting responsibilities, establishing information security risk principles, and helping ensure users are educated.

Categorize: Categorize information systems based on risk factors such as type of information stored or processed, exploitability, and business impact.

Select and Implement: Protect information systems commensurate with risk by selecting, documenting, and implementing necessary controls.

Assess: Determine whether controls are implemented correctly, operating as intended, and producing the desired outcome.

This is accomplished through log collection and reporting, control evaluations, risk assessments, and remediation activities.

Authorize: Provide accountability by requiring control owners to determine whether the security risk, based on the operation of controls, is acceptable.

Monitor: Maintain awareness about the security of systems through ongoing monitoring.

We believe that the digital world should be a space for kids and families to engage, learn, explore, and express themselves.

Disney strives to produce positive, respectful, high quality content and experiences designed for individuals, children of all ages, and their families.

We deliver content through multiple channels, including our own digital offerings.

Our internal policies and practices promote safety within our digital experiences.

We also provide parents with controls and recommendations so that they can have the information they need to choose the content and experiences right for their families.

For example, Disney and Hulu provide parents and caregivers with controls to manage their family’s engagement with our content.

This includes readily accessible content ratings as well as the ability to create profiles that can be tailored to provide a curated set of content appropriate for the profile user.

In addition, subscribers can establish a PIN to control profile access.

We also participate in industry coalitions to promote user awareness of online safety.

For example, we are a longtime sponsor of fragFINN, collaborate with Childnet on Safer Internet Day in the UK, act as signatories to the Alliance to Better Protect Minors Online, and participate in the Members Group of the Family Online Safety Institute.

In 2022, we joined the International Telecommunication Union’s Partner2Connect Digital Coalition initiative, a multi stakeholder platform that mobilizes resources, partnerships, and commitments to foster meaningful connectivity and digital transformation globally, in the hardest to connect communities.

In addition to designing our digital platforms with safety in mind, we invest in supporting children’s digital well being through our digital grant portfolio.

We provide funding to NGOs and other organizations working on digital issues to educate children, parents, and teachers around the globe about digital citizenship.

Grantees provide expertise in areas including digital literacy and resilience, privacy, responsible internet use, critical thinking, and educator training.

In 2022, we expanded our comprehensive digital wellness education programs with new programs in Belgium, Bulgaria, Kenya, Nigeria, and South Africa.

Altogether, we supported 19 organizations around the world while increasing our focus on underserved communities, such as children in rural areas, Indigenous people, refugees, and children with disabilities.

Our initiatives supported peer to peer training, youth advisory councils, and media literacy initiatives (including reporting portals and chat lines to assist children in crisis, and more).

As an example, the Paradigm Initiative works to connect underserved African youth with digital opportunities to improve livelihoods.

Disney supports its LIFE (Life skills, Information communications technology, Financial literacy, and Entrepreneurship) Legacy Program, which equips participants with digital literacy and entrepreneur ship skills and connects them to internships or entrepreneurial ventures.

Disney maintains standards and practices with respect to the advertising we will accept on our media properties, which reflects our commitment to help promote truthful, accurate, and appropriate advertising.

We also prioritize the rights and the cognitive and emotional maturity of children when accepting and developing advertising and marketing materials.

Our guidelines and policies governing our products, experiences, and communications are designed to promote the digital and physical safety of children, give parents the ability to decide on the appropriate experiences for their families, and encourage children to make good choices.

We are also intentional about how we promote healthy food and beverages to kids through our Nutrition Guideline Policy.

These guidelines apply to our Studio promotions, food and beverage licensing, third party advertising on our kids’ networks, and kids’ meals in Disney Parks.

Ongoing reviews of these global guidelines help us reflect up to date dietary guidance and consider the evolving social and scientific understanding of children’s physical and digital lives.

In fiscal 2022, we continued to have approximately 100% of food and beverage advertising on our owned and controlled media platforms oriented to kids and families meet our Nutrition Guideline Policy.

In addition, we again achieved our global target to have 85% of our licensed food and beverages intended for children and families meet our nutrition criteria for healthier choices and carry the Disney Check to signify this.

Through the Disney Check program, which marked its 10th anniversary in 2022, we help kids and families identify healthier food and beverage options on licensed products wherever Disney products are sold and at our U.S. theme parks and Disneyland Paris.

In 2022, Marvel teamed up with Dole Food Company on the Healthy Heroes, Assemble campaign to create Avengers: Super Fuel short form content to encourage kids to try fruits and vegetables.

ABC News is committed to the independence of our editorial decision making from commercial, political, and other interests of the Company’s management or owners, as well as from the interests of external stakeholders, and to providing citizens with accurate and useful information across our platforms.

It is our responsibility to uphold the principles of fairness and integrity as we gather and report the news.

ABC News journalists are expected to approach their work with rigor, to question thoroughly and skeptically, to analyze deeply, and to adhere to the standards of good journalism.

New ABC News hires take part in standards and ethics training upon joining the Company.

And every year, training sessions on updated standards are held for all ABC News journalists.

ABC News is focused on research quality (e.g., thoroughness, diligence, control) and integrity.

Plagiarism and the acceptance of payments, undue gifts, or considerations are violations of ABC News standards.

Audience concerns and grievances about ABC News reporting are collected through a number of mechanisms, including email and voicemail.

Concerns are considered and, when deemed appropriate, we issue updates, clarifications, or corrections.

ABC News editorial and management executives are responsible for monitoring the performance of the News Division, including journalism ethics.

Senior editorial executives and senior management executives are responsible for oversight of media ethics and guidelines at ABC News.

Our global tax strategy supports our commitment to high standards of corporate governance, transparency, and accountability in the execution of our global business strategy.

Our tax strategy and its underlying principles apply to all controlled subsidiaries in The Walt Disney Company and guide the decisions we make relating to corporate tax matters.

We operate with a zero tolerance approach to tax evasion and the facilitation of tax evasion.

ABC News received numerous prestigious industry awards in 2022, such as nine Emmy News and Documentary Awards, including Outstanding Environmental Coverage for World News Tonight with David Muir and Nightline for Madagascar: The Children of Climate Change eight Edward R. Murrow Awards across broadcast and radio, including the Excellence in Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Award for Soul of a Nation and the Continuing Coverage Award for Climate Crisis: Saving Tomorrow eight National Association of Black Journalists’ Salute to Excellence Awards three Society of Professional Journalists Awards two Multichannel News Wonder Women Awards and one George Foster Peabody Award.

ESPN upholds similar standards for journalistic integrity.

Additionally, ESPN’s Inclusive Content Committee strives to enhance ESPN’s storytelling by serving as a diverse resource for content creators.

In fiscal 2022, ESPN received two Edward R. Murrow Awards for journalism and ESPN’s E:60 received its 19th Sports Emmy since 2010.

We measure year over year performance of certain metrics and include select reporting standard indexes to help our stakeholders find the information that is important to them.

We are committed to providing an annual account of our performance on corporate social responsibility topics and we appreciate feedback on our efforts and reporting.

Our assessment of priority areas of impact to our businesses and stakeholders drives the content and data in this report.

These priorities and thereby our reporting of them are informed by various frameworks.

These include Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB), CDP (formerly the Carbon Disclosure Project), Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosure (TCFD), United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs), and others.

This update represents our impacts, progress, and results as they relate to social and environmental responsibility.

Our Corporate Reporting function, which also manages Disney’s financial data and reporting, collects and validates our data.

We take care to explain estimates or assumptions that have been used in the development of metrics, as appropriate.

Unless otherwise specified, all data and information in this CSR Report pertain to efforts in fiscal 2022, which began on October 3, 2021, and ended on October 1, 2022.

For the most part, data refer to assets under management as of the beginning of the fiscal year.

The terms Company, we, Disney, and our are used to refer collectively to the parent company and the subsidiaries through which business is conducted.

Inclusion of information in this report should not be construed as a characterization of the materiality or financial impact of that information.

Disney is committed to a number of policies and practices that promote the thoughtful and ethical operation of our businesses.

Charitable Giving Guidelines Conflict Minerals Policy Human Rights Policy International Labor Standards Program Manual Involuntary Labor Policy Nutrition Guidelines Our Stories and Characters Pay Ratio Disclosure Permitted Sourcing Countries Policy Privacy Center Smoking in Movies Supply Chain Code of Conduct UK Modern Slavery Act Transparency Statement.

Anti corruption Policy Anti piracy Policy Global Tax Strategy Statement Information Security Management System Political Giving Participation in the.

Formulation of Public Policy Standards of Business Conduct.

Total Direct Spend with Minority, Women, Disabled, U.S.

Meets 85% Target green power purchases, power purchase agreements, and unbundled energy attribute certificates (EACs).

Our approach to carbon credits can be found in our Natural Climate Solutions White Paper.

We will have achieved our 2030 net zero emissions goal when net emissions, as defined above, equals 0.

Fiscal 2019 and fiscal 2020 data have been revised to include Twenty First Century Fox operations.

All credits are verified by accredited third party reviewers.

Direct CO2 emissions from biogenic fuels are not included in the Scope 1 totals.

They are as follows: FY19: 29,146 MT CO2e FY20: 16,799 MT CO2e FY21: 22,662 MT CO2e FY22: 4,890 MT CO2e.

We define net emissions as follows: Scope 1 emissions Scope 2 emissions (market based) carbon credits.

In many instances, these emissions calculations are based on estimated and extrapolated data and rely on third party emission factor databases and industry averages.

We expect to make continuous improvements to Scope 3 estimates over time, including updates to assessments of business activities and activity boundaries, and improvements in input data and emission factors.

At the time of publishing this report, fiscal 2019 is our most recent Scope 3 inventory, with fiscal 2022 Scope 3 footprint calculation in progress (to be reported out at a later date).

This method involves: collecting allocated Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions data directly from suppliers calculating upstream emissions of goods and services from suppliers’ activity data on the amount of materials, fuel, and electricity used, as well as distance transported and waste generated from the production of goods and services, and applying appropriate emission factors and using secondary data to calculate upstream emissions wherever supplier specific data are not available.

Activities identified as downstream transportation and distribution do not result in significant Scope 3 emissions for the Company.

The Company does not have any activities that it characterizes as intermediate goods.

Renewable energy consumed includes renewable fuels and renewable electricity that we produce or purchase and match with Renewable Energy Certificates (RECs) or Guarantees of Origin (GOs).

The renewable portion of the electricity grid mix for which we do not possess RECs or GOs is not included in this calculation.

We define zero carbon electricity as any type of electricity generation that does not generate GHGs such as solar, wind, geothermal, nuclear, and large scale hydropower.

Total waste generated includes diverted waste, waste sent to landfill, and incineration without energy recovery.

Incineration without energy recovery is not counted in total waste sent to landfill nor total waste diverted thus the two do not sum to total waste generated.

Disney Cruise Line, ESPN, enterprise owned commercial and office spaces, and Pixar.

Excluded are all leased properties, Disney Stores and Distribution Centers, TV stations, and all construction materials.

Water consumption from Disney Stores and leased assets are excluded.

Water data for Shanghai Disney Resort were not included in data prior to fiscal 2021.

Limited assurance of fiscal 2022 emissions will be reported out upon completion.

Donations may include, but are not limited to, estimated values for merchandise, theme park tickets, food, public service announcements (PSAs), character talent appearances, and other noncash charitable support.

Due to differences in distribution, viewership, programming, availability, pricing, marketplace demand, and other variables, PSAs are valued differently across our media platforms.

For example, in some cases, PSAs are valued based on an average sales price for the time period.

In other cases, the value is based on an average sponsor value across a daypart rotation.

Therefore, we do not use a single method to value PSAs.

We also include grants to organizations where a percentage of their services reaches underrepresented and protected communities.

If the organization spends a majority of its efforts on these communities, we count the entire grant, and if the organization does not spend a majority, we count a proration of the grant.

We rely on each organization’s self reported percentages regarding communities served.

On a sample basis, we validate the percentages that we report.

We validate diverse status through certification compliance using WBENC, NMSDC, Department of Veterans Affairs, NGLCC, and Disability:IN.

Data reflects courses offered through our top learning platforms: D Learn, Harvard Spark, Harvard ManageMentor, and Harvard Leading Edge.

D Learn data represents all employees, excluding Pixar and contract workers for all years and Hulu employees prior to fiscal 2021.

Data incorporates both required and non required courses, including online courses, orientations, in person classes, and on demand content.

Participants can attend more than one course and may view online content more than once, depending on their individual needs.

Reports in prior years, this metric measured the number of scheduled classes of a unique course.

Methodology was updated to better reflect unique courses offered vs. courses consumed.

Updated methodology totals talent by show instead of business unit, providing a more accurate measurement of representation.

Median earnings for hourly employees is based on total earnings for total hours paid and includes the impact of overtime, shift premiums, and gratuities.

Excludes the value of benefits for eligible employees.

Excludes dailies, freelancers, contractors, casual seasonal, interns, and domestic TWDC employees not paid in the last 60 days.

Domestic counts exclude Disney Cruise Line Shipboard.

Percentages for women based on global full and part time headcount.

Percentages for People of Color include U.S. based full and part time employees only.

People of Color includes employees who are Asian American, Black or African American, Hispanic or Latino, Native American or Alaskan Native, Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander, or Two or More Races.

In any given year, a significant number of new facilities may become authorized to produce Disney branded products, which complicates any year to year comparison.

In fiscal 2022, the facility count shown includes approximately 2,100 beyond Tier 1 that are subject to the purview of the Disney International Labor Standards (ILS) program.

With respect to TFCF intellectual property, as contracts are newly executed, renewed, or amended with respect to the manufacturing of products, the facilities producing such goods fall under the purview of the Disney ILS Program and are included in the facility footprint data.

Below Manager includes employees that do not meet Executive or Manager criteria.

In fiscal 2021 and prior, TFCF Directors were included in Manager.

Entertainment, ABC Signature (previously known as ABC Studios), Disney Branded Television, Freeform, FX, Hulu Originals, National Geographic, Onyx Collective, 20th Television, and feature films from Disney, Disney Animation, Pixar, Lucasfilm, 20th, Searchlight, and Marvel.

Data are limited to content developed by TWDC and excludes Daytime, unscripted, global content developed in region, and Star.

Data excludes contingent workers, student programs, daily employees, and seasonal employees.

Employees that did not disclose gender information or disclosed they are Non binary Third Gender are included in the Men metric.

Employees that did not disclose ethnicity information are included in the White metric.

Data are not available for fiscal 2019. primary resource for identifying and comparing areas of risk and determining where to focus our monitoring resources and requirements.

Please refer to our Permitted Sourcing Countries Policy.

All Code of Conduct violations identified in active facilities as the result of audits or assessments must be corrected or remediated within the time periods and in the manner established by the Disney ILS Program as a condition of continued use of the facility for the production of Disney branded products.

The Task Force on Climate related Financial Disclosures (TCFD) developed a voluntary framework for companies to provide climate related information to stakeholders.

In line with TCFD’s recommendations, each year we publicly disclose our climate related information primarily through our CDP Climate Change survey response.

In the following index, we provide a mapping of TCFD’s disclosure recommendations to our CDP responses to make clear where to find comparable information regarding how we approach and manage climate risks and opportunities.

The Walt Disney Company is committed to taking meaningful and measurable action to support a cleaner, safer, and healthier planet for future generations as we operate and grow our businesses.

In addition to our annual response to CDP’s Climate Change survey, in late 2020 and late 2022 we launched ambitious goals to continue making progress in addressing our environmental impacts, and in 2021 the Board delegated oversight of environmental, social, and governance programs and reporting to the Governance and Nominating Committee, including with respect to environmental and sustainability policies and initiatives.

For a full description of our goals, read our 2030 Environmental Goals White Paper.

The Sustainability Accounting Standards Board (SASB) Standards, now part of the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) Foundation, is a set of standards to guide the disclosure of sustainability information by companies to their investors.

The following index maps our disclosures to certain SASB indicators.

Given our broad array of businesses that span multiple industries around the globe, we have focused this year’s reporting on the recommended indicators for the Media Entertainment and Internet Media Services industries.

Where relevant, we also highlight select information relevant to the Leisure Facilities, Hotels Lodging, Restaurants, Cruise Lines, Apparel, Accessories, and Footwear, and Toys Sporting Goods industries.

As our businesses continue to grow and evolve, we expect to advance and refine our disclosures over time.

Metrics and disclosures are reported on an enterprise wide level, unless otherwise indicated.

Fiscal 2022 Data Table Data Table Footnotes, pp. 81, 87, 88.

Priority nonconformance rate was 9% Priority nonconformance rate is defined as the percentage of audits with findings where facilities failed to meet TWDC Minimum.

Corrective action rate was 94% See ILS Program Manual for more information about expectations and timelines for corrective action.

We understand that supply chain assessments may not fully capture some underreported issues, including such issues as sexual harassment, forced labor, and interference with freedom of association.

We continue to explore additional methods for gaining such visibility.

Our supply chain policy commitments are described in our ILS Program Manual, Human Rights Policy, Conflict Minerals Policy, California Transparency in Supply Chains Act, UK Modern Slavery Act, and Paper Sourcing and Use Policy.

World of Belonging, pp. 15 20, 28 Fiscal 2022 Data Table Data Table Footnotes, pp. 84, 85, 88 Standards of Business Conduct, p. 10 Reimagine Tomorrow digital destination.

PEOPLE Our people, at all levels, should reflect the life experiences of our audiences.

This is reflected across all staffing levels, correspondents, executives, managers, producers, writers, editors, and junior staff.

CONTENT Our work is relevant to a rapidly diversifying audience.

This is reflected in the growth of content and story coverage that focuses on the experiences and interests of diverse audiences at the intersection of race, politics, culture, and lifestyle.

CULTURE Our environment promotes curiosity, innovation, and ideas from everyone.

This is reflected in a number of initiatives, including the News Division wide Everyday Inclusion program, relevant employee committees, and frequent Diversity Inclusion workshops and discussions programmed throughout the year.

ABC News’s commitment to the straightforward pursuit of truth drives all our work across platforms in established and new and emerging technologies.

Our success lies in our dedication to the highest quality journalism, which means a commitment to fairness, compelling storytelling, and, of utmost importance, uncompromising accuracy.

We expect employees to approach their work with rigor, to question thoroughly and skeptically, and to analyze deeply.

We continue to build on the exceptional legacy of ABC News, upholding high standards in journalism, while also leading in innovation.

Our editorial integrity and commitment to accuracy provide the foundation for the outstanding work that we do.

The credibility we have with our audience is essential to this mission and we, therefore, attach great importance to the maintenance of our fairness and integrity both real and perceived as we gather and report the news.

Company policies on Business Ethics, Fairness, and Insider Trading apply to all employees in every division, and those policies are particularly important to ABC News employees.

We share responsibility for maintaining our reputation for fairness and accuracy.

Action that damages that reputation, or even gives the appearance of compromising it, harms both ABC News and the individuals involved.

All employees of ABC News are, therefore, required to abide by the letter and spirit of our policies and to be alert to subtle efforts that could have the effect of compromising the integrity of ABC News.

News employees should remain professionally detached in all situations and not take action that would be seen as favoring one side or the other.

We take particular care to act in a neutral and professional manner where the passions of others are engaged or aroused.

We must all share an uncompromising commitment to accuracy and fairness in reporting the news.

We are committed to seeking out knowledgeable and credible sources of information, as well as reaching out for and carefully evaluating comments from those accused of wrongdoing and others with relevant information and perspectives on the matters that we are covering.

When ABC News covers stories about The Walt Disney Company or other affiliated or subsidiary companies, we make clear disclosures about the relationship.

And as a regular part of our newsgathering process, there are targeted reporting meetings to discuss journalistic and legal issues.

Similarly, the mission of ESPN is to provide credible, timely, contextual, and trustworthy information.

This mission is supported by detailed editorial guidelines intended to protect ESPN’s journalistic credibility across platforms and with the oversight of the ESPN Editorial Board.

ESPN reviews its performance against these standards on an ongoing basis and regularly reviews and provides training on guidelines for personnel.

Ultimately, every member of the ESPN editorial teams is responsible for upholding the reputation and integrity of ESPN reporting.

Approximately 100% of food and beverage advertising on our media platforms oriented to kids and families meets Disney.

Disney Nutrition Guideline standards are informed by national dietary guidelines and focus on limiting calories, fats, sugars, and salt while promoting consumption of fruits, vegetables, whole grains, lean protein, and low fat dairy.

We are committed to giving consumers transparency into our data collection and use practices and having robust controls over how we use that data.

Our privacy policy describes how consumers’ information is collected and used, as well as the very limited circumstances under which consumer data may be shared with third parties.

That policy also contains information about choices consumers must make to limit the use of their data for targeted advertising and direct marketing purposes.

Links to the privacy policy, as well as the control mechanisms for limiting targeted advertising, can be found on our Privacy Center.

As described above, we are committed to giving consumers notice about how their data will be used, and we only share data.

TC IM 220a.2 with third parties in very limited circumstances, such as when the consumer gives their consent or where the third party is acting as our service provider.

Accordingly, we do not have a policy of using consumers’ data for secondary purposes.

Our approach to cybersecurity is addressed in the Operating Responsibly section of this report on p. 75, and in greater detail in.

FB RN 260a.3 our Information Security Management System document online.

Disney strives to foster a culture that values intellectual property protection to promote creativity, storytelling, and innovation, as well as maintain consumer trust.

We engage in practices that protect Disney’s intellectual property, including our brands, characters, and content.

We also respect the intellectual property rights of others and do not knowingly use the intellectual property of third parties without appropriate rights.

Disney also requires all contributors to respect third party intellectual property rights.

We have also implemented internal intellectual property policies and trainings to increase awareness and respect for intellectual property rights among all Disney employees.

The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10 K, p. 7.

The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10 K, pp. 7, 9.

The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10 K, p. 40.

The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10 K, pp.

The library includes approximately 50 movies and approximately 30 series that the Studios group produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms.

Our television programming library includes content from approximately 70 years of production history.

Series with four or more seasons include approximately 75 one hour dramas, 55 half hour comedies, 5 half hour non scripted series, 30 one hour non scripted series, 15 half hour animated series, and 10 half hour live action series.

The library includes approximately 130 series produced for initial distribution on our DTC platforms.

Number of manufacturing facilities provided in Fiscal 2022 Data Table Data Table Footnotes, pp. 86, 88.

The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10 K, p. 44.

The Walt Disney Company Fiscal Year 2022 10 K, p. 44.

Disney Vacation Club offers ownership interest in 15 resort facilities, which are operated as hotel rooms when not occupied by.

The United Nations Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs) are a collection of 17 global goals intended to provide a shared blueprint to achieve a better and more sustainable future for all.

The following table provides select examples of how our corporate social responsibility programs support most of the SDGs.

We have worked with UNICEF for many years, and when the humanitarian crisis began in Ukraine, we leveraged our media platforms to support UNICEF in helping families displaced by the conflict.

ABC News coverage and on air mentions across our networks drove thousands of viewers to UNICEF’s website, raising more than 3 million in a few weeks.

In fiscal 2022, in addition to supporting 30 Feeding America member food banks to help increase access to fresh produce for communities that need it most, Disney also supported Feeding America’s efforts in response to Hurricane Ian.

In addition, Disney continues to help alleviate food insecurity by supporting hunger relief organizations worldwide.

For example, in Latin America, Disney supports the work of the Global Food Banking Network and the efforts of food banks in Argentina, Brazil, Chile, Colombia, and Mexico.

In fiscal 2022, experts from Disney Institute again held multiple training sessions for KK Women and Children’s Hospital (KKH) based in Singapore.

The course focused on training hospital staff to create compassionate connections and meaningful moments with patients through three service principles: Serve with Heart, Reach Higher, and Own It.

More than 5,000 KKH employees and leaders from multiple departments were in attendance.

We continue to offer our Employee Assistance Program (EAP), which is available to all employees, cast members, and their family and household members.

Our EAP provides 24 7 support and connects participants directly to a licensed network therapist at no cost.

Disney hosted our first Global Well Being Week in 2022, spotlighting the wide ranging physical, mental, and financial benefits we offer while providing employees with easy ways to take advantage of the benefits.

In 2022, Disney continued to promote our new Center for Living Well Gaea Center for Gynecology, Maternity, and Fertility in Orlando.

The center provides employees, cast members, and their partners with comprehensive, connected, and compassionate care to help navigate their family building journeys.

We are intentional about how we promote healthy foods and beverages to kids through our Nutrition Guideline Policy.

These guidelines apply to our Studio promotions, food and beverage licensing, third party advertising on our kids’ networks, and kids’ meals in Disney Parks.

Ongoing reviews of these global guidelines help us reflect up to date dietary guidance and consider the evolving social and scientific understanding of children’s physical and digital lives.

In fiscal 2022, we continued to have approximately 100% of food and beverage advertising on our owned and controlled media platforms oriented to kids and families meet our Nutrition Guideline Policy.

Exceptional Minds in fiscal 2022 to help source, skill, scale, support, and sustain neurodiverse talent over the next three years.

Our funds will be used for scholarships, academy faculty, career support services, and facilities and technology.

In fiscal 2022, we launched Disney Future Storytellers,.

Disney’s commitment to empowering the next generation of storytellers and innovators.

From charitable grants and programs that provide inspiration and hands on experience in arts and science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) education for school age children, to scholarships, mentoring, and creative and technical skill building for teens and young adults, Disney is increasing access to careers in the media, entertainment, technology, and hospitality industries for youth, especially for individuals from historically underrepresented or underserved communities.

In fiscal 2022, we donated more than 3 million books to First Book, and since 2000 we’ve distributed more than 90 million books, to help inspire the next generation of storytellers.

We also collaborated with Blue Star Families to host the 20th Blue Star Books event with a reading by First Lady Dr. Jill Biden.

The event was part of the White House’s Joining Forces initiative to support military and veteran families, caregivers, and survivors.

In fiscal 2022, we worked with CARE India to empower 1,400 adolescent girls across 10 schools in Mumbai, helping them realize their potential to lead a better life.

The program has established 18 vibrant community learning centers that give girls a space outside of school to learn and hone their vocational skills.

We also worked with the Parivaar Education Society in India to support 400 girls with education, boarding, food, medical assistance, sports and recreation, clothing, and more.

In fiscal 2022, women represented 51% of our employees worldwide, based on self reported information.

In fiscal 2022, we worked with CARE India to empower.

The program has established 18 vibrant community learning centers that give girls a space outside of school to learn and hone their vocational skills.

We also worked with the Parivaar Education Society in India to support 400 girls with education, boarding, food, medical assistance, sports and recreation, clothing, and more.

In fiscal 2022, we launched two new cohorts of the.

Women’s Talent Network to enhance careers for Asian American Pacific Islander and Latina employees.

One hundred participants joined the pilot across both programs.

As of fiscal 2022, we commissioned or announced more than 200 megawatts of solar capacity.

In collaboration with the utility serving Walt Disney World Resort, two 75 megawatt solar facilities are expected to come online and are projected to bring the Resort’s renewable energy consumption up to nearly 40% of its annual total power use.

Disneyland Paris is continuing the construction of approximately 50 acres of solar canopies, which will provide shade and shelter to more than 11,000 parking spaces and are estimated to generate approximately 36 gigawatt hours of electricity once fully operational.

Hong Kong Disneyland has embarked on the next phase of one of the largest solar panel sites in Hong Kong, installed at 21 different attractions and buildings.

Select operations subscribe to high credibility green power programs that advance the decarbonization of Disney and our local communities.

For example, Pixar is subscribed to 100% renewable electricity through East Bay Community Energy.

In 2022, we continued to implement site specific water conservation strategies at our theme parks and resorts, including using artificial turf and implementing a sophisticated irrigation control system at Disneyland Resort as part of drought fighting efforts.

Disneyland Paris is in the process of retrofitting the showerheads in two hotels with new LED lit technology heads that allow guests to adjust their use to help conserve water.

The turbine powered LED lights change color based on the amount of water used, moving from blue to green, yellow, and eventually red when water use exceeds a certain volume.

In a pilot, the new showerheads reduced water use by an average of 22% per room.

We are identifying critical regional water issues and are continuing to collaborate with local stakeholders, such as industry and nonprofit organizations, to safeguard the overall health of watersheds as a multiuse sustainable resource.

For example, we support WWF Hong Kong’s project to foster innovative approaches, such as the use of water buffalo, to conserve wetlands in the Shui Hau watershed and increase water security for local people and wildlife.

We also support The Nature Conservancy’s work in central Florida, including efforts to address growing freshwater demands, enhance water quality, improve water supply, and reduce flood risks through green stormwater infrastructure.

Our approach to sustainable design helps contribute to cleaner air, more efficient use of water, and less waste for the communities in which we operate.

Since 2012, Disney has contributed more than 24 million through our Supply Chain Investment Program (SCIP) to 40 unique programs in more than 20 countries, directly benefiting 250,000 workers and supporting tools that have reached and benefited 14 million additional workers.

Our International Labor Standards (ILS) program is informed by Disney’s Standards of Business Conduct, Human Rights Policy (which was updated in 2022), and Supply Chain Code of Conduct, along with a range of other responsible business expectations.

Disney Aspire pays 100% of tuition up front at network schools and is available to 85,000 eligible hourly full time and part time employees and cast members in the United States.

As of the end of fiscal 2022, 13,000 employees were enrolled in Disney Aspire.

In fiscal 2022, approximately 2.2 million employee learning sessions were taken online or in person through D Learn, Harvard Spark, Harvard ManageMentor, and Harvard Leading Edge our top learning platforms.

We increased our mentoring programs from 13 to 35 across.

Enrollment in these programs increased by 44% and mentoring hours increased by 25% from fiscal 2021.

In fiscal 2022, to reward the important contributions of certain job levels below the executive level, Disney expanded eligibility for participation in our Annual Bonus Plan.

In fiscal 2022, 60% of our charitable giving was directed to programs supporting under represented communities.69.

Disney pledged 5 million to organizations serving the LGBTQIA community through support for inclusive and respectful workplaces and authentic representation of LGBTQIA in media and entertainment.

Now in its second year, Disney on the Yard continues to build a community for alumni from Historically Black Colleges and Universities (HBCUs) and provides meaningful opportunities for HBCU students who dream of one day working in the entertainment field.

We also joined the Propel Center (an education hub for HBCUs) as a lead sponsor, and created the Disney Storytellers Fund at Howard University and Florida A M University.

Additionally, we continued our long standing work with United Negro College Fund (UNCF) and announced the 2022 Disney UNCF Corporate Scholars.

In fiscal 2022, we worked with KultureCity, a leading nonprofit focused on sensory accessibility and acceptance, to launch sensory inclusive screenings that cater to audiences with sensory needs, such as autism.

ESPN continued to support the Special Olympics USA Games.

In fiscal 2022, more than 5,500 athletes and coaches from all 50 states and the Caribbean united for a week of competition, sportsmanship, and fun at the at ESPN Wide World of Sports Complex at Walt Disney World.

Our 2022 Workforce Diversity Dashboard, 2022 Content.

Representation Dashboard, 2021 EEO 1 report, and our Pay Ratio Disclosure are available online.

In fiscal 2022, we spent more than 800 million with diverse suppliers, an increase of almost 80% compared to fiscal 2021.

Disney has also increased Company wide spending with U.S. veteran and veteran spouse owned businesses to approximately 6.4 million in 2022.

In fiscal 2022, we gave a total of 233 million in cash and in kind charitable contributions.

Through our Disney VoluntEARS program, our employees and cast members worldwide have collectively contributed nearly 13 million hours of service to their communities since the program was started nearly 40 years ago.

In fiscal 2022, our disaster relief support included Hurricane Ian recovery efforts, addressing the impacts of wildfires in Argentina, supporting children and families in Ukraine, and providing short term monetary assistance to employees experiencing hardships including those impacted by Hurricane Ian through the Employee Relief Fund.

In fiscal 2022, we diverted 58% of total Company operational waste from landfills and incineration.

Disney Cruise Line intends to be free of single use plastics by 2025.

Examples include introducing alternatives to plastic merchandise bags and guest laundry bags, disposable cutlery, cold beverage lids, and even plastic drink garnish sticks.

In addition, to encourage the use of reusable water bottles, refill stations have been installed on all ships and Castaway Cay.

In 2022, we introduced a new requirement prohibiting the use of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances known as PFAS in consumer products developed, sourced, and distributed by a Disney entity.

We are committed to reducing Scope 3 emissions in line with a well below 2 C scenario by 2030.

The Disney Wish set sail in fiscal 2022 and was designed to be among the most energy efficient cruise ships on the water.

The Disney Wish was primarily powered by liquefied natural gas in fiscal 2022, which, when compared to traditional diesel or marine fuel, significantly reduces several emissions and pollutants.

Our approach to sustainable design helps contribute to.

Disneyland Paris offered guests limited edition tote bags,.

In fiscal 2022, ABC News’ dedicated climate unit cleaner air, more efficient use of water, and less waste for the communities in which we operate. duffel bags, briefcases, and pouches for purchase, which were made from a recycled tarp that previously covered Sleeping Beauty Castle during renovation work.

Our Product Integrity function oversees Disney’s safety policies, procedures, and operating requirements for physical products containing Disney intellectual property across the enterprise.

Disney requires that licensees and vendors contractually commit to follow sensible, reasonable, and proper procedures for verifying that Disney branded products comply with applicable safety regulatory requirements and any additional requirements that may be specified by Disney.

We also have policies to manage the use of chemicals in products, and in fiscal 2022 we updated our Supply Chain Code of Conduct to include Quality and Safety.

The unit also teamed up with Teen Vogue to explore teenagers’ growing concerns about climate change and the effects on their mental health.

Through National Geographic, Disneynature, and our other content platforms, Disney enjoys a rich and growing library of programming that connects audiences with the wonders of our natural world and inspires action to create a cleaner, safer, and healthier planet.

In 2022, our broad portfolio of nature focused stories included Disneynature’s Polar Bear and National Geographic’s Explorer: The Last Tepui, Secrets of the Whales, and The Biggest Little Farm: The Return.

We strive to conduct our business in accordance with high standards of business ethics and comply with applicable laws, rules, and regulations wherever we operate.

Our Standards of Business Conduct apply to all employees and provide resources and tools to promote ethical conduct and compliance with the law.

Our Board of Directors is also held accountable to these principles, as well as our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for Directors.

We maintain relationships with the stakeholders and communities we serve through ongoing dialogue.

We work with a variety of stakeholders representing diverse perspectives including consumers, employees, industry and business collaborators, nonprofit and social impact organizations, and shareholders as we believe this can enhance our ability to identify opportunities and, in some cases, solutions to some of our most pressing challenges.

We also engage on policy issues both directly and through industry associations on issues relevant to our businesses.

Ongoing and responsive engagement with key stakeholders continues to inform our CSR strategy, goals, and initiatives.

We collaborate with several initiatives and organizations to address environmental and social priorities.

Responsible selection and sourcing of seafood is important to our business, to the livelihoods of the fishing industry worldwide, and to the health of the planet for future generations.

In fiscal 2022, our U.S. parks, resorts, and cruise line sourced nearly 100% sustainable seafood.71.

Disney Conservation Team Wildlife has provided leadership and expertise to support the Orlando based Florida Coral Rescue Center.

This state of the art facility was established for gene banking and care of Florida corals rescued from reefs not yet affected by Stony Coral Tissue Loss Disease, which has put 22 coral species at risk of extinction.

In April 2022, the first reported spawning of rough cactus coral in human care took place at the Center.

As part of the 5 million we have invested since 1995 to help sea turtle conservation efforts globally, in 2022, the Disney Conservation Fund supported a new mentorship and career training program hosted by the Sea Turtle Conservancy to spark passion for sea turtle conservation among central Florida youth from diverse and underserved communities.

In fiscal 2022, our sea turtle efforts reached an important milestone.

Disney Conservation Team Wildlife celebrated 1.5 million sea turtles hatched from nests monitored by our team at Disney’s Vero Beach Resort since 2003.

Several of our businesses supported beach cleanup events in fiscal 2022.

In honor of World Ocean Day on June 8th, 30 Disney VoluntEARS and family members took part in a beach cleanup in Guangzhou, China.

For International Volunteer Day, VoluntEARS from Shanghai Disney Resort supported beach cleanup in Chongming Island, Shanghai.

Disney Conservation Fund has invested more than 120 million along with the expertise of dedicated teams in community led biodiversity conservation efforts since 1995 to help protect more than 1,000 species of wildlife and safeguard more than 315 million acres of habitat an amount equal to more than 10,000 Walt Disney World Resorts.

To help increase the Western monarch butterfly population, more than 400 Disney VoluntEARS across the United States planted butterfly friendly backyard environments in 2022.

Our Disney team based in India began supporting Wildlife.

SOS’s efforts in 2021 and continued support throughout 2022 to rescue and rehabilitate elephants illegally taken from the wild.

To date, more than 40 elephants have been given care and medical treatment at Wildlife SOS’s Elephant Hospital and Elephant Conservation and Care Centre, established in 2010 and the first center of its kind in northern India.

At Disney’s Animal Kingdom Theme Park, we celebrated the birth of the 13th white rhino born at Walt Disney World Resort an important milestone made possible by the dedication and care of Disney scientists, veterinarians, and keepers.

In December 2021, Disney’s Animal Kingdom celebrated the 41st birthday of Gino, the oldest western lowland gorilla at Walt Disney World Resort.

He is one of the first gorillas in the world to allow his caretakers to perform cardiac ultrasounds without anesthesia, an important step in the advancement of care for his species, and more broadly for animal care and gorilla conservation globally.

National Geographic has been actively caring about our planet for well over a century.

Today, National Geographic Partners a joint venture between The Walt Disney Company and nonprofit National Geographic Society continues this legacy.

We return 27% of the net proceeds from our National Geographic lines of business to fund conservation, education, and sustainability projects.

Certain statements in this communication may be deemed to be forward looking statements within the meaning of the Federal Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, including statements regarding our plans beliefs expectations continuation or future execution of initiatives, programs, activities, policies, or disclosures strategies goals objectives intentions commitments pledges priorities targets and other statements that are not historical in nature.

These statements are made on the basis of management’s views and assumptions regarding future events and business performance as of the time the statements are made.

Management does not undertake any obligation to update these statements.

Actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied.

Each such risk includes the current and future impacts of, and is amplified by, COVID 19 and related mitigation efforts.

Additional factors are set forth in the Company’s Annual Report on Form 10 K for the year ended October 1, 2022, including under the captions Risk Factors, Management’s Discussion and Analysis, and Business quarterly reports on Form 10 Q, including under the captions Risk Factors and Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and subsequent filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.